WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Profiting From the Stock Market’s Latest Fears As worries mount, long-term investors can use short-term options strategies to their advantage. By Steven M. Sears Biography Updated April 15, 2017 1:56 a.m. ET More people are Googling World War III than at any time since 2004. The concern is understandable. North Korea is rattling a potential nuclear saber. Russia is upset with the U.S., and the U.S. is upset with Russia, North Korea, and an evil man in Syria who gasses children. Europe’s political system is adrift. France might elect a far-right candidate. The new U.S. president, Donald Trump, has no history or experience in foreign or... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Good News and Bad News for Netflix Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Why Tesla’s Cars Cost 50% More in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Alibaba Has a $20 Billion Cloud Opportunity Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bill Gross: Stocks Rest on Faulty Foundation Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 5 Companies to Watch This Earnings Season Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Economy Tax Blues: April Can Truly Be the Cruelest Month Beware of Refund Anticipation Checks, payday loans, and Refund Anticipation Loan, tax scams preying on America's neediest. By Bobbi Murray / Capital and Main April 14, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: Bob Crowe/Flickr Creative Commons Tax time is nerve-wracking enough for people with good-paying jobs, but for low-income taxpayers April can be loaded with additional traps, making it the cruelest month indeed. Many low-to-moderate income people eligible for Earned Income Tax Credits (EITC) and the Additional Child Tax Credit (ACTC) file early in January in expectation of the usual 21-day turnaround for a refund check. The money helps fill in gaps, pay a few bills and may be the largest lump sum the recipient gets all year. This year the refunds were delayed until mid-to-late February, because the IRS wanted to do additional scrutiny due to overpayments and fraudulent processing in the past. “People file for these refundable tax credits as soon as they can file,” said Kelly Batson of United Way Bay Area. “The delays affect the people who need it most.” EITC filers are the most susceptible to two other tax-time snares: the Refund Anticipation Check (RAC) that Batson describes as “commercial preparers loaning you your refund” at high interest rates; and the Refund Anticipation Loan (RAL), a product that provides what appears to be a refund but is actually a loan borrowed with triple-digit interest against the eventual refund. RAL lifted $9.6 billion from refunds from 2002 to 2012. Bank One, JPMorgan Chase, HBSC and others were major players in that market. RACs are different. The tax preparer sets up a temporary bank account into which the IRS deposits the refund check. The bank then issues a check or payment card with the tax preparation fees and other charges deducted, and shuts down the account. A taxpayer who pays $25 to defer a tax preparation fee of $350 for a month ends up paying an 86 percent interest rate, the National Consumer Law Center said in a recent press announcement, which the group called a high-cost loan. In 2015 tax preparers and their bank backers collected $475 million from customers on their own refunds. RALs are less prevalent now than they were a decade ago, consumer advocates point out, partly because such lenders as JPMorgan Chase were faced with growing negative publicity following a Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation crackdown on the practice. But EITC filers are still the leading customers for both products, which are heavily marketed in poor communities. A 2010 study estimates that in one year EITC recipients who took out RALs paid $1.5 billion in interest and tax preparation fees to get their tax refunds. As most U.S. consumers know, corporate bilking practices are not confined to tax time. Everyone struggles with what appear to be questionable overdraft fees, along with hidden credit card and cellphone fees. But low-income communities are particularly targeted for predatory practices. If you take out a payday loan to bridge the gap between paychecks, expect an interest rate in the range of nearly 400 percent. And you can only get a payday loan if you have a bank account. The “unbanked,” a term consumer advocates use for those whose paycheck-to-paycheck budgets make a bank account impractical, tend to turn to alternative financial services that operate outside of federally insured banks, such as pawnshop loans or car title loans. Yet banks are very much involved in the lives of the unbankable. They securitize and sell payday loan and car title loan debt. Title loans take the borrower’s car as collateral—when the note comes due the borrower can either re-borrow, pay fees or lose the car. Combined, these two loan types drain over $8 billion a year from consumers, said Diane Standaert, executive vice president and director of state policy at the Center for Responsible Lending. The average costs hit a 300 percent annual percentage rate. “Both types of loans are structured to keep borrowers stuck in long-term debt. The trap is the business model.” The practices, she said, are concentrated in low-income neighborhoods and communities of color—very much like the predatory mortgage lending that led to the 2008 crash. The revenue stream works out well for investors. Enova, an online lender whose flagship brand is CashNet USA, only recently applied to the Securities and Exchange Commission to securitize payday loans. A February 2, 2017 investors call jauntily referred to high-rate loan structures, with one vice-president noting that the average APR for the consumer is 120 percent. The new face of predatory mortgage lending are Real Estate Owned (REO) properties. Here, investors buy up troubled mortgages and turn the owners into renters, said Kevin Stein, deputy director of the California Reinvestment Coalition. “[Their] property gets packaged with a number of others in the Inland Empire and a number of others in Florida and a number of others in Nevada—and guess what—they’re securitized. A Wells Fargo or a JPMorgan Chase securitize it.” “There’s a market for loans that have gone bad. Wall Street firms are buying up the distressed loans,” Stein added. The REO beneficiaries of REO property schemes include hedge fund Blackstone; Colony American Finance and Waypoint Homes, which boasts of owning 30,000 homes in 10 states. The targets of previous predatory lending models were pretty much on their own from the mid-1990s until after the 2008 crash. But the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform bill brought a new sheriff to town. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the brainchild of Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, was created as part of Dodd-Frank. CFPB has been praised by consumer advocates as perhaps the most successful agency in the government. It has returned nearly $12 billion to consumers who had losses because companies weren’t following the law, said Brian Marshall of Americans for Financial Reform, a coalition formed in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. “Before CFPB existed there were a lot of agencies, some of which didn’t have the authority, some of which didn’t have the funding, some that had split missions, said Marshall. “Now there’s a single agency that has the authority and independence and the mission to protect consumers.” In just a few years the CFPB racked up a list of achievements: a qualified-mortgage rule that requires that lenders have a reasonable expectation that borrowers can pay loans back; a proposed rule to require the same of payday lenders; a regulation to require government audits of credit agency scores. CFPB has moved forward on a rule that would make it possible for consumers to pursue class action lawsuits, something that would apply in such situations as Wells Fargo’s use of consumers’ information to open new accounts without their knowledge. The bank used arbitration clauses in the agreement to open an account to keep individuals from suing. The CFPB fined Wells Fargo $100 million for opening the fake accounts. Consumer advocates note that over 700,000 people have engaged in the Consumer Complaint Database that has collected thousands of complaints about financial products—and over 700,000 companies have responded to CFPB-forwarded complaints. But now financial interests are gunning for the enforcer. The line of attack in Congress and in the courts is focused on gutting the CFPB’s independent status, making the director serve at the will of the president, and its budget subject to Congressional approval. Other financial agencies–the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency in the Treasury Department and the FDIC– are all independent, said Marshall. “It’s because the CFPB is actually standing up for consumers and enforcing the law that somehow it’s considered politically controversial to have an independent agency,” he said. Director Richard Cordray draws praise from consumer advocates but last week House Financial Services Committee Republicans put him on the griddle in a nearly five-hour hearing and called on the president to fire him, even though that’s not legally possible, given the way the bureau is structured. The committee chair, Republican Congressman Jeb Hensarling of Texas, is backing legislation and other moves that would make the director’s position subject to the president’s whim and scuttle the consumer complaint database. On the legal front, mortgage lender PHH Corp. has sued over a 2015 CFPB decision that said PHH illegally referred consumers to mortgage insurers in exchange for kickbacks. A three-judge D.C. circuit court panel ruled in PHH Corp’s favor in a decision that attacked the independent structure of the CFPB, ruling it unconstitutional because it is governed by a single director. The lower court decision was vacated and the issue now goes before the nine-member the U.S Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in May. (That court includes Merrick Garland, the Obama administration’s Supreme Court nominee.) If PHH Corp. loses, the next step is the Supreme Court, whose newest justice is conservative Neil Gorsuch. The Trump administration’s justice department has filed a brief in support of PHH. If Cordray leaves his post before July 2018, the president could appoint a replacement empowered to put a stop to any pro-consumer policy now in progress. News reports have said Cordray is contemplating a run for governor of Ohio. But he gave no indication of leaving his post during the Congressional hearing on April 5. CFPB is so obscure that Jon Stewart once made fun of its low profile when he interviewed Cordray. But consumer groups say they are mobilized to defend it. The notion of consumer protection polls well and the groups are engaged in education and outreach. The hundreds of thousands who have submitted complaints are well aware of what the CFPB does, and Senator Warren has an enthusiastic and active base. As Stein of the California Reinvestment Coalition remarked on the CFPB’s built-in constituency: “Once people know what it is and hear about its successes, it really resonates with people.”   Bobbi Murray is a freelance journalist based in Los Angeles.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Bernie Sanders Has Some Good News for Democrats All over the Country Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/13/2017 - 06:47 Rest Easy, Guys: The Average Size of a Penis Is Smaller Than You Might Have Guessed Ashlee Miller / The Frisky Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/12/2017 - 09:46 Chomsky: Why the Resistance Against Trump Will Continue to Build Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/12/2017 - 09:26 How Jeff Sessions Is Laying the Groundwork for an Authoritarian State Adele M. Stan / The American Prospect Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/12/2017 - 10:03 Robert Reich: Trump Is Fleecing America, and the Justice Department Is Letting Him Get Away with It Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/13/2017 - 07:13 Has Bill O'Reilly Spoken His Last Words on Fox? Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/12/2017 - 06:27 Shocking Education Report Shows Taxpayers Paying Hundreds of Millions for Unneeded and Inferior Charter Schools Steven Rosenfeld / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/12/2017 - 15:42 9 Ultranationalist Trump Supporters Who Are Rapidly Losing Patience with His Presidency Jacob Sugarman / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/13/2017 - 14:11 Alabama Senate Votes to Give Church Its Own Armed Police Force Kali Holloway / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/12/2017 - 06:40 Robert Reich: The Ugly Truth About Trumponomics Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/12/2017 - 07:06 Today's Top Stories News & Politics Paul Krugman Explains How Trump Operates Like a Glorified Mobster Media 3 More Revolting Fox News Segments Lauding Trump's Bombing of Afghanistan News & Politics The Most Important Thing John Oliver Said About Gerrymandering, and the Solution He Failed to Mention Economy Hightower: How Can We Stop the 1 Percent From Robbing Us? Books Dutch Kids Aren't Stressed Out: What Americans Can Learn From How the Netherlands Raises Children The Right Wing 9 Ultranationalist Trump Supporters Who Are Rapidly Losing Patience with His Presidency News & Politics 'Can You Please Take Your Job More Seriously?' Republican Senator Shouted Down at Town Hall for Defending Trump Media Don Lemon Demands On-Air Apology from Jeffrey Lord After Hideous Martin Luther King Jr. Analogy Media Behold the Single Most Disgusting Response to Trump's Afghan Bombing Campaign Yet Food Trump's Mar-a-Lago Slapped With Over a Dozen Food Violations News & Politics Steve Bannon Could Make Donald Trump's Life a Living Hell If He's Fired News & Politics Robert Reich: We're Letting Trump Behave Like a Dictator Education New Research Shows Greediest Charter School Operators Looting Taxpayers Via Real Estate Deals Activism One-Woman Protest: At 18, She Knew No Other Undocumented Immigrant Dreamers The Right Wing Red-State Progressives Fight to Protect Abortion Rights: Turning the Tables on Right-Wing Lawmakers Human Rights Disturbing Footage Shows Cop Stomping on Handcuffed Black Man's Face Food Olive, Canola, Corn or Coconut: What's the Healthiest Cooking Oil? Election 2016 16 Big Lessons from Trump and the GOP's First Attempt to Destroy Our Health Care System—Here They Go Again Activism This Country Is Up for Grabs: A Call for a Populist Left Economy Finally, a Breakthrough Alternative to Growth Economics Economy How the Democrats Lost West Virginia and the Coal Miners to Trump News & Politics Why Trump Was Able to Sucker the World on Syria Drugs For 4/20, Peter Tosh's 'Legalize It' Rides Again News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals 14 Foods That May Help Your Sexual Performance Trump's Mar-a-Lago Slapped With Over a Dozen Food Violations California and Trump's Feds Headed to Major Clash on Immigration ◀  X    Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources SCOTUS Takes Up Key Timing Question in Securities Suits Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal CONTINUE Delaware Court Blocks Theranos Tender Offer Ahead of Fraud Trial Tom McParland Delaware Business Court Insider Big Law Bends to Challenge Midsize Firms on Flexibility Lizzy McLellan The Legal Intelligencer Former UN Ambassador Samantha Power Takes Post at Harvard Law Karen Sloan Law.Com Judges Know What 'All Due Respect' Really Means—And Other Tips From the Bench Ross Todd The Recorder Billing and Fees: The Trends, the Feuds and the Future › In-Depth Analysis With Hourly Rates Rising, Report Shows Spotty Record for GC's Cost-Constraint Tactics By Roy Strom|The AmLaw Daily In-Depth Analysis Ailing Energy Industry Still Pumping Bankruptcy Fees Into Big Law Expert Opinion 5 Fundamentals of Collecting Fees Susman Godfrey Retreats From Contingency Model, Looks to Oil and Gas Clients Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Heller Ehrman Ruling Shows Perils for 'In-Between' Partners Ross Todd The Recorder The United Airlines Fiasco Should Lead to Better Pay for Jurors Roy Strom The AmLaw Daily M&A Activity in Asia Declines as China Work Drops Anna Zhang The Asian Lawyer NY Judge's Suspected Suicide Shines Light on Silent Struggle John Council The National Law Journal NY Legal Community in Shock Over Abdus-Salaam's Death Joel Stashenko and Andrew Denney New York Law Journal Trump Company Faces $400k in Legal Fees to Fight $32K Lien Samantha Joseph Daily Business Review Why is Flying So Terrible? Blame These Antitrust Lawyers Jenna Greene The Litigation Daily Popular     So Awkward! What to Do When a Justice Butchers a Pronunciation From the Bench? Judges Know What 'All Due Respect' Really Means—And Other Tips From the Bench Should Firms 'Out' Lawyers on the Work/Life Balance Track? Why is Flying So Terrible? Blame These Antitrust Lawyers In Light of United's Overbooking Fiasco, Who's Leading the Legal Department? PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Anand Agneshwar MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS One step closer to Australian data breach class actions The Privacy Amendment (Notifiable Data Breaches) Act 2016 (Cth) proposes a number of amendments to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) that could act as a trigger for Australian class actions in the data breach space. Download Banking Disputes Quarterly: Q1 2017 DLA Piper’s Banking Disputes Quarterly is designed to keep you up to date with the latest news and legal developments and to inform you about future developments. Download English LPs Upgraded: The Private Fund Limited Partnership This briefing looks at the introduction of the ‘private fund limited partnership', which seeks to modernise the regime that has existed for more than a century under the LPA 1907. Download What do the SEC’s recent Bitcoin disapproval orders really mean for investors? US regulators responded to a narrow question about trading bitcoin-based securities, with orders that should not limit innovation in bitcoin technologies. Download Taking the cleaner to the cleaners: statutory liability for pollutant spills post-Midwest The plaintiff’s losses stemmed from the historical and continuing migration of dry cleaning chemicals from the defendant corporation’s nearby dry cleaning operation to the plaintiff’s lands. Download Court of Appeal clarifies test for setting aside judgment for fraud The Court of Appeal has clarified the test that must be met when seeking to set aside a judgment on the grounds that it was obtained by fraud: Takhar v Gracefield Developments Ltd and others [2017] EWCA Civ 147. Download FDA authorizes first direct-to-consumer genetic test panel for predisposition to Alzheimer's disease and other serious disorders The FDA has announced its decision to grant a de novo application submitted by 23andMe for the company's direct-to-consumer Personal Genome Service Genetic Health Risk tests. Download Anti-money laundering bulletin - Spring 2017 DLA Piper’s Financial Services Regulatory team brings you the Spring 2017 edition of its Anti-Money Laundering Bulletin. Download France becomes an attractive forum for antitrust follow-on damages claims Companies often associate competition rules with public enforcement. However, competition law can also be a source of compensation. Download Business rates: landmark ruling on rating liability and repair works The Supreme Court has ruled on the extent of a ratepayer's liability to pay business rates for a property undergoing building works. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us If Trump Fired Bannon, Would He Seek Revenge? White House says it won't make visitor logs public White House showdown on Paris deal set for next week Your farm is trying to kill you Trump’s got a new favorite Steve Worries deepen about Trump's military tilt Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Trump’s ‘renewed confidence’ in the Freedom Caucus -- Rising W.H. stars: Stephen Miller, Gary Cohn -- ANNIE KARNI’S Bob Barnett profile -- SAMANTHA POWER to Harvard -- B’DAY: Nick Merrill By ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) and JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 04/14/17 06:48 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2obE6Ld ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf Happy Friday. The Capital Weather Gang says we’re in for a generally beautiful next few days. http://wapo.st/2otzqkN Story Continued Below DEEP SPLIT -- PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP, in an interview with the Wall Street Journal, said he believes he’ll get a deal on health-care reform and has a “renewed confidence” in the House Freedom Caucus, the conservatives who helped torpedo his first attempt to repeal and replace Obamacare. “They want to do the right thing and they do like me and they do like their president,” Trump told the Journal. http://on.wsj.com/2pgoTJR -- BUT … Indeed, people in and around the Freedom Caucus feel confident they can strike a deal with Trump. Other Republicans involved in the talks are not as confident, and say the two sides are no closer to a deal than when they left town for recess. The negotiations are still centered on Obamacare’s “Title I” provisions -- a list of baseline coverage requirements. After a handful of raucous town halls this recess, any uptick in Freedom Caucus votes could be matched by moderates abandoning the bill. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh THE BOTTOM LINE: Whether Freedom Caucus members like Trump -- some do, some don’t -- has little bearing on whether they’ll be able to cut a deal. Lots of people liked John Boehner -- until they didn’t. This is a numbers game. ONE WASHINGTON WISE MAN suggested to us that Trump stop negotiating and tell the Freedom Caucus to craft a deal that could pass the House. SOME IMPORTANT foreign policy stories out this morning: -- “N. Korean official: U.S. more vicious, aggressive under Trump,” by AP’s Eric Talmadge in Pyongyang, North Korea: “North Korea’s vice foreign minister on Friday blamed President Donald Trump for escalating tensions on the Korean Peninsula through his tweets and expansion of military exercises, saying the U.S. was becoming ‘more vicious and more aggressive’ under his leadership than it had been under President Barack Obama. In an exclusive interview with The Associated Press in Pyongyang, Vice Minister Han Song Ryol also warned the U.S. against provoking North Korea militarily. ‘We will go to war if they choose,’ he said.” http://apne.ws/2pAcb87 -- SOMETHING TO WATCH: Escalating tensions between Trump and North Korea come as Vice President Mike Pence heads to South Korea this weekend for a 10-day trip in the Asia-Pacific region. -- “China is suddenly leaning on North Korea -- and it might be thanks to Trump,” by John Pomfret in WaPo: “North Korea will celebrate the 105th anniversary of the birth of its founder, Kim Il Sung, on Saturday, and some type of military show of force is expected. In an editorial in the semi-official Global Times on Wednesday, Pyongyang was put on notice that it must rein in its nuclear ambitions, or else China’s oil shipments to North Korea could be ‘severely limited.’ It is extraordinary for China to make this kind of threat. For more than a decade, as part of its strategy to prop up one of its only allies, China refused to allow the U.N. Security Council to even consider cutting oil shipments to North Korea. Beijing’s calculus was that the maintenance of the North Korean regime took precedence over everything. Now Beijing seems to be reconsidering its position.” http://wapo.st/2osK3UN -- “Trump Said No to Troops in Syria. His Aides Aren’t So Sure,” by Bloomberg’s Eli Lake: “Senior White House and administration officials tell me Trump’s national security adviser, General H.R. McMaster, has been quietly pressing his colleagues to question the underlying assumptions of a draft war plan against the Islamic State that would maintain only a light U.S. ground troop presence in Syria. McMaster’s critics inside the administration say he wants to send tens of thousands of ground troops to the Euphrates River Valley. His supporters insist he is only trying to facilitate a better interagency process to develop Trump’s new strategy to defeat the self-described caliphate that controls territory in Iraq and Syria.” https://bloom.bg/2oeB4VM A GOOD DETAIL from NYT’s Peter Baker in an A1’er on PRESIDENT TRUMP’s shifting positions: “Mr. Trump sometimes cloaks his evolving positions by declaring victory before retreating. For instance, he had criticized NATO for not fighting terrorism and leaving the financial burden to the United States. As he met with NATO’s secretary general on Wednesday, Mr. Trump asserted that the alliance had changed. … “But the alliance has hardly changed in three months. Just three more members out of 28 have committed to raise military spending to target levels by next year, and the only shift in NATO’s approach to terrorism was to create a new intelligence office before Mr. Trump’s inauguration.” http://nyti.ms/2oGxwPJ ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “A lack of economic growth and opportunity has led to deep and understandable frustration among so many Americans,” writes JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon. Learn more about why we need “coherent, consistent, comprehensive and coordinated policies that help fix these problems” in his Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2oaMj4Q ****** PRESIDENT TRUMP is at Mar-a-Lago with no public events scheduled. VP PENCE also has no public events scheduled for the fourth straight day. WHITE HOUSE AIDES RISING -- JOSH DAWSEY and ELIANA JOHNSON answer the question that’s been hanging out there since Steve Bannon’s downfall -- Where in the world is Stephen Miller?: “Trump’s got a new favorite Steve”: “President Donald Trump once affectionately called them ‘my two Steves,’ a reference not only to their ideological kinship but to their central role in his administration. But while Steve Bannon is on the ropes in Trump’s fractious White House, Stephen Miller has managed to endear himself to the man emerging as the president’s most indispensable adviser: son-in-law Jared Kushner. “As the relationship between Kushner and Bannon has deteriorated, Miller has made sure his colleagues know he’s not on Bannon’s team. In interviews, seven White House officials described the emerging dynamics. The 31-year old speechwriter is now working closely with Kushner’s Office of American Innovation, as well as on family leave, childcare and women’s issues with Kushner’s wife Ivanka Trump, according to several people involved.” http://politi.co/2oG2qYD -- WAPO’S DAMIAN PALETTA on GARY COHN: “Within Trump’s inner circle, a moderate voice captures the president’s ear”: “In a White House short on experienced personnel, Cohn has found an edge by hiring two dozen policy experts, most with government experience. His team produced detailed proposals on overhauling the tax code, rebuilding infrastructure, cutting back financial regulations and restructuring international trade deals. He is widely considered a future candidate to be chief of staff. … “While friends say he loves his new job, they say Cohn also holds the traditions of Washington in low regard. At a recent dinner with friends in New York, he called Washington a ‘s---show,’ according to a person familiar with the exchange. “Cohn has not tried to shirk his past at Goldman Sachs or hide his lavish lifestyle. He recently had drinks at the Four Seasons with Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, and shortly after the failure of the House GOP health-care legislation, he went on vacation in the Bahamas.” http://wapo.st/2p2v6Mt THE MILLION-DOLLAR QUESTION -- “If Trump Fired Bannon, Would He Seek Revenge?” by Ben Schreckinger: http://politi.co/2obCelm POMPEO COMING OUT HOT -- “Pompeo mocks microwave surveillance claims,” by Nolan McCaskill: “CIA Director Mike Pompeo on Thursday mocked those who fear intelligence officials conduct surveillance through microwaves, saying the agency tries to ignore such claims. While White House counselor Kellyanne Conway suffered blowback last month when she suggested microwaves could be deployed as surveillance devices, the CIA said later Thursday that Pompeo was not directly referencing Conway's controversial comments.” http://politi.co/2nLJlVE -- “CIA director labels WikiLeaks a ‘hostile intelligence service’,” by Martin Matishak. http://politi.co/2oy6j1b BOB BARNETT PROFILE -- “Can Washington’s Original Dealmaker Survive Trump?” by Annie Karni: “The churn between presidential administrations is typically the sweet spot for Bob Barnett, the Washington superlawyer who likes to describe himself as the ‘doorman to the revolving door.’ Outgoing White House officials, from the president on down, are ready to cash in with book deals, sign with speaker bureaus, become paid contributors on cable networks and negotiate potential corporate board and employment opportunities. And Barnett—famous for charging his $1,250 hourly rate, rather than the 10 to 15 percent commission that literary and talent agents typically take off the top -- has been Washington D.C.’s go-to dealmaker for this kind of work for four decades. … “But the Obama and Clinton book deals are being viewed by people in the publishing and agenting business as potentially something of a Barnett swan song. His old-school tactics—a multimillion-dollar book deal for an outgoing government official, coupled with a launch on ‘60 Minutes’ or one of the Sunday shows -- seem out of sync in the age of Trump, a former reality show star who reverse-engineered his presidency by starting with the lucrative book, the branding and the television deals and then worked his way into the Oval Office.” http://politi.co/2oGbm02 THE JUICE … -- SHELDON AND MIRIAM ADELSON gave Sen. Ted Cruz’s victory committee $10,400 each, according to a campaign finance report released yesterday. -- TOM DONILON resigned from Delta’s board “due to other commitments,” according to an SEC filing earlier this week. “Mr. Donilon has not advised Delta of any disagreement with Delta on any matter relating to Delta’s operations, policies or practices.” -- SAMANTHA POWER, who most recently served as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, has been named to a joint faculty appointment as the Anna Lindh Professor of the Practice of Global Leadership and Public Policy at Harvard Kennedy School and Professor of Practice at Harvard Law School. For the upcoming academic year, she will also be a Fellow at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study. -- THE HOLLYWOOD REPORTER’S New York media party. http://bit.ly/2oGszqd ... Slideshow with 78 photos http://bit.ly/2oGszqd Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: An axe being presented to first responders from the I-85 bridge collapse in Atlanta rests on a table during a meeting with President Donald Trump in the Roosevelt Room in the White House on April 13. | Andrew Harnik/AP Photo PAGING JEFF SESSIONS -- “Rift opens between the Brown administration and legislators over new marijuana laws in California,” by L.A. Times’ Patrick McGreevy: “A proposal by the Brown administration to revise marijuana laws in California is drawing backlash from lawmakers and police chiefs who say it would repeal rules approved by the Legislature two years ago and benefit the pot industry over the public. Gov. Jerry Brown wants to merge medical marijuana regulations approved by the Legislature in 2015 with standards set by Proposition 64, an initiative approved in November by California voters that legalizes the sale of cannabis for recreational use.” http://lat.ms/2obHDZI COMMONWEALTH WATCH -- “How Donald Trump Blew Up the Virginia Governor’s Race: The Democratic primary was teed up for Ralph Northam, then he got a surprise opponent who wants to make it a referendum on the soul of the party,” by Kevin Robillard in his Politico Magazine debut, filing from Fairfax, Virginia: “On the campaign trail [Tom Perriello has sounded] like he was running against Trump, frequently calling his GOP presidential campaign ‘viciously racist’ and pledging to make Virginia a ‘firewall’ against Trump. “Perriello’s attacks, combined with a bank of goodwill with the former Obama administration, turned the one-term legislator into the darling of the D.C. establishment and earned him profiles in the Huffington Post, Yahoo!, and FiveThirtyEight. He has received the endorsement of seemingly the entire Obama-era White House staff, including Dan Pfeiffer, Neera Tanden, David Plouffe and John Podesta, who says Perriello is offering a ‘blueprint’ for the future of the party. Last week, he got the backing of the father of the populist progressive moment in Democratic politics: Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders.” http://politi.co/2pdO3eS WHAT JAMIE DIMON IS READING -- “J.P. Morgan, Citi Score Big Gains, but Shareholders Want More,” by WSJ’s Peter Rudegeair, Telis Demos and Emily Glazer: “Some of the nation’s largest banks warned Thursday that the benefits investors anticipated from rising interest rates and the election of Donald Trump as president aren’t panning out quite as quickly as many had hoped. … While bank stocks surged in the wake of Mr. Trump’s surprise election victory, they have slipped the past month as investors grow more doubtful about whether broad measures like lending growth and profitability will catch up with loftier valuations.” http://on.wsj.com/2pAcwri ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “It is now more important than ever for the business community and government to come together and collaborate to find meaningful solutions and develop thoughtful policies that create economic growth and opportunity for all.” Learn more in JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon’s Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2oKtc2G ****** HMM … “Trump’s Lawyer Can’t Account For $350,000 He Was Accused Of Mishandling: In 1999, Michael Cohen, now the president’s personal lawyer, cashed a $350,000 check from an NHL hockey player. He was supposed to give the money to a woman in South Florida. He didn’t, and says he doesn’t remember anything about it. To this day, the money is missing,” by BuzzFeed’s Anthony Cormier. http://bzfd.it/2oxPlAg BEYOND THE BELTWAY -- “Sexual Abuse at Choate Went On for Decades, School Acknowledges,” by NYT’s Elizabeth A. Harris: “Choate Rosemary Hall, the elite Connecticut boarding school, said on Thursday that at least 12 former teachers had sexually molested -- and, in at least one case, raped -- students in a pattern of abuse dating to the 1960s. ... The parents of a Choate student complained to the school in the early 1980s after their daughter contracted herpes from an English teacher. And in another case, the report describes a student’s rape on a school trip to Costa Rica. None of the teachers’ actions were reported to the police. In some cases, teachers were allowed to resign after being confronted with evidence of misconduct, and administrators wrote letters of recommendations for teachers who were fired. Choate, in Wallingford, Conn., is a blue-blooded school whose alumni include President John F. Kennedy and his brother Joseph P. Kennedy Jr.” http://nyti.ms/2osU18R --FLASHBACK: Boston Globe spotlight team, May 6, 2016, “Private schools, painful secrets: More than 200 victims. At least 90 legal claims. At least 67 private schools in New England. This is the story of hundreds of students sexually abused by staffers, and emerging from decades of silence today.” http://bit.ly/2pApN37 REMEMBERING DAN ROONEY -- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette’s Ed Bouchette: “Dan Rooney, who succeeded his father and Steelers founder, Art Sr., as team president and rose to become one of the most powerful and beloved owners in sports, died Thursday at the age of 84. Born Daniel Milton Rooney, he was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2000, making the Rooneys only the second father-son combination to be enshrined. Under his leadership since the late 1960s, the Steelers transformed from lovable losers into a Super Bowl dynasty in the 1970s and remain among the most successful and popular franchises in the game. ... He fought to give more opportunities for minority coaches to ascend in the NFL, an effort that prompted the adoption of what is known as the Rooney Rule, which requires teams to interview at least one minority coach in the process of hiring a head coach.” http://bit.ly/2oeC5Nz Playbookers SPOTTED: Mark McKinnon in Mansfield, Texas, Thursday for Rep. Joe Barton’s town hall with his show “The Circus.” … Former President of the World Bank and Deputy Secretary of Defense in the Bush administration, Paul Wolfowitz yesterday getting out of a cab heading into the Reagan Building -- pic http://politi.co/2oGi9a0 ... Evan McMullin on foot, crossing 14th on G Street, NW, mere blocks from the White House. “So close, yet so far...” ... Former Defense Secretary Ash Carter, on the NYC-to-DC Acela in business class, with a protection detail. SPOTTED last night at the MPAA for Carol Melton’s screening of HBO’s “Veep” in advance of Sunday’s debut of its sixth season (trailer: http://bit.ly/2pAI6F4): Tammy Haddad, Tim McBride, Dorothy Kosinski, Cathy Merrill Williams, Rita Braver and Bob Barnett, Didem Nisanci and Bruce Andrews, Bobby Haft, Lisa Barclay, Steve Clemons, Virginia Coyne, Todd Harris and Ieva Augstums, Annie Linskey, Garance Franke-Ruta, Doug Heye, Ryan Williams, Jonathan Capehart and Nick Schmit, Shelby Coffey, Jeffrey Herbst, David Chalian, Ruth Marcus, Jeremy Peters, Betsy Fischer Martin, Gail MacKinnon, Kelley McCormick, Robin Goldman and Kevin Cirilli SUNDAY SO FAR – NBC’s “Meet the Press”: Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly … Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) … Sen. Jack Reed (D-R.I.) … Religion roundtable: Pastor JoAnn Hummel … Bishop T.D. Jakes … Rabbi David Saperstein. Panel: Mark Leibovich, Heather McGhee, Andrea Mitchell, former Sen. John Sununu (R-N.H.) --CBS’ “Face the Nation”: David McCullough. Religion panel: Rod Dreher, Russell Moore, Abigail Pogrebin, Father James Martin ... Political panel: David Ignatius, Amity Shlaes, David Nakamura, Jamelle Bouie ... A discussion on chiefs of staff and the presidency: Ken Duberstein, Denis McDonough, Chris Whipple --“Fox News Sunday”: Power Player: opera singer Renee Fleming. Panel: Michael Needham, Bob Woodward, Jennifer Griffin, Gillian Turner --CNN’s “State of the Union”: Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.). Panel: Bakari Sellers, Rep. Mia Love (R-Utah), Jason Kander, Bill Kristol --CNN’s “Inside Politics,” hosted by John King: Julie Pace, Jonathan Martin, Abby Phillip, Manu Raju WELCOME TO THE WORLD – Nick Yaeger, managing director at POLITICO Focus, and Mandy Yaeger have welcomed Luke Michael Yaeger and Hayley Rose Yaeger. They join big brother Hunter (3) and Ella (6). Pic http://bit.ly/2pe3weK BIRTHWEEK (was yesterday): CNN’s Kyle Blaine (hat tip @KFile) ... CNN’s Nathaniel Meyersohn turned 24 ... (was Tuesday): Meredith LeBlond Friedman BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: Carly Zakin, co-founder and co-CEO of theSkimm – how she’s celebrating: “I am the queen of last minute trips. So planning on going to a currently undecided beach. Next year, I will be better at planning things.” Read her Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2pAn75z BIRTHDAYS: Nick Merrill … Garrett Haake, an NBC and WUSA alum, is 32, celebrating by getting married to Sara Murray in a week in Austin -- he starts as a Washington correspondent at MSNBC the day after his honeymoon (h/t Ryan Williams) … Joe Rospars, founder and CEO at Blue State Digital and Obama for America alum ... Steve Glickman, co-founder and executive director at Economic Innovation Group and Obama alum (h/ts Jon Haber) ... Betsy Stewart, VP at Business Roundtable and a Boehner alum … Sasha Issenberg, who writes for Monocle and Bloomberg Politics and is a sushi guru and the pride of Larchmont, N.Y., is 37 ... Politico rising star Megan Swiatkowski (h/t POLITICO comms team) ... Politico’s Ashley Gold ... CRC Public Relations SVP Keith Appell, a long-suffering Mets fan ... Robert M. “Mike” Duncan, former RNC chair and president and CEO of the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity … best darned pollster in New Hampshire Rich Killion … AP’s Eileen Sullivan … Anna Van Meter ... Yahoo News’ Kaye Foley ... WaPo’s Matt Zapotosky … Amy Brundage, SVP of SKDKnickerbocker ... Adam Hodge, VP at SKDKnickerbocker, is 35 (h/ts Kelley McCormick) ... Treasury alum Stephanie Ma, now an MA student at SAIS … Ellie Wallace … Adam Levine, managing editor of CNN’s Washington Bureau ... Results for America co-founder and COO David Medina ... CNN video producer Brenna Williams, celebrating by working for the digital team on First Street before heading off to a date at Fiola Mare with boyfriend Jake Wilkins (h/t Jake) ... Noha Georges, chief marketing officer at Deloitte Advisory... ... Neil Sroka, comms. director at Democracy for America … Rep. David Valadao (R-Calif.) is 4-0 ... Shola Farber, co-founder of Tuesday Strategies, which works to increase millennial voter turnout and civic engagement ... media executive Shari Redstone is 63 ... Baltimore-born film, television and theatre producer (and uncle of Irene Sherman) Marc Platt is 6-0 (h/ts Jewish Insider) ... Mark Bryant ... Elizabeth Gore … Caleb Jones … Jorge Castro, founder and principal of Castro Strategies LLC and an IRS and Jay Rockefeller alum ... Bloomberg’s Emma Angerer ... Liz Fossett … Elizabeth A. Terrell, senior consultant at Deloitte Digital in Sydney … John Gauthier of Davis Polk ... Ashok Pinto ... political junkie Stephen Groves ... New Hampshire’s third senator, Joel Maiola, senior advisor at McLane GPS and a Judd Gregg alum … Anne Eisenhower … Facebook’s Dipayan Ghosh, an Obama WH alum, is 29 ... CNBC’s Thomas Anderson … Jeff Schogol of Marine Corps Times … Ray McAllister … Mark Bryant ... Laura Keehner Rigas ... Christopher Lupke ... Frederick Eaton ... Ashley Blayne Candy ... Daniel Freedman ... David Humphreville, the host of the fabulous yearly Christmas shopping party in NYC ... Suzy Hemauer (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... Blake Androff, executive director of the House DPCC (h/t Legistorm) … Pete Rose is 76 ... Brad Garrett is 57 ... Adrien Brody is 44 ... Sarah Michelle Gellar is 4-0 ... Abigail Breslin is 21 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Optimistic about the future of America’s economy, Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon believes we need effective public policy and for business to play a role in developing solutions that spur economic growth and benefit every American. Learn more in his Annual Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2nTquUG ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Friday, 4/14/17 Thursday, 4/13/17 Wednesday, 4/12/17 Tuesday, 4/11/17 Monday, 4/10/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine Just What Is Trump Trying to Do in Syria? By Daniel Benjamin and Steven Simon The Post Pours Some Sugar on Gary Cohn By Jack Shafer How Donald Trump Blew Up the Virginia Governor’s Race By Kevin Robillard The President Doesn’t Need a Trump Doctrine By Richard Fontaine More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us If Trump Fired Bannon, Would He Seek Revenge? White House says it won't make visitor logs public White House showdown on Paris deal set for next week Your farm is trying to kill you Trump’s got a new favorite Steve Worries deepen about Trump's military tilt Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Get the Morning Money Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print White House mind meld By Ben White and Aubree Eliza Weaver 04/14/17 08:01 AM EDT WHITE HOUSE MIND MELD — Several West Wing sources MM spoke with over the last couple of days described a better functioning organization following weeks of bitter infighting. They described Steve Bannon as chastened and less likely to try and orchestrate attacks against Gary Cohn, Dina Powell and others. That’s what happens when the president’s family members are the other side of the fight. But these people also offered heavy caveats. Trump is feeling good at the moment after the Syria strike and attendant positive media reaction and a solid meeting with Chinese President Xi Xingping. He's tone down some of the agressive tweeting. Some of the sting from the health care debacle is easing. The Cohn wing — which extends outside to top CEOs — is clearly driving the tax reform debate and now appears to have successfully shifted expectations for a finished product to later this year from the totally unrealistic August deadline. But now they have to deliver. Story Continued Below If a tax reform and infrastructure package founders like health care did, the group of advisers currently enjoying their time in the sun could quickly wind up in a ditch. There is also concern that if Trump starts getting a lot of bad press on the right for his shifts on China, military intervention and the Fed (to name a few) and sees his base beginning to erode, the Bannon wing could easily rise again. (More on this theme below.) “We all know how quick this stuff can change,” one senior aide said. BANKERS SLAM NEW GLASS-STEAGALL — Thursday’s bank earnings blast brought a round of critiques of recent Trump administration support for a “21st Glass-Steagall” separation of investment and retail banking. Citi CEO Michael Corbat: “Anytime I hear this term I ask what it is, and I have yet to have anybody really tell me.” … JPMorgan CFO Marianne Lake said she didn’t think the White House would really push it: “It doesn't feel consistent with the rest of the objectives of the administration … We believe there's significantly more value for shareholders, and the economy, with this company the way it is today than in some other form” REAL TALK — Nearly every banker MM speaks to thinks NEC Director Gary Cohn got cornered by Sen. Elizabeth Warren in the meeting with Senate Banking Democrats and went further than where the administration really is on bank break ups. “It was in the platform so what else was he going to do? He couldn’t put daylight between himself and the president,” one banker said this week. “He probably should have just said ‘my position is consistent with the president’s’ and moved on.” The case against Glass-Steagall making a comeback is pretty easy to make. In a subsequent Bloomberg TV interview, Cohn spoke of a “21st Century Glass-Steagall” more in terms of reducing regulations and tailoring them for different kinds of banks. The fact is the administration is not focused on breaking up big banks nor is there enough support in Congress for doing so in any meaningful way. BANK STOCKS STILL INFLATED? — Reuters BreakingViews’ Antony Currie: “U.S. mega-banks are all dressed up with few places to grow. Citigroup, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo kicked off the year with results that exceeded expectations. Some of the investor exuberance over possible tax cuts and regulatory rollbacks has abated, however. … “Along with the fallout from Trump’s failure to replace Obamacare, these have taken the edge off the post-election bank-stock rally. Many still look excessive. Unless the nation’s lawmakers enact some new rules, as is eagerly anticipated, those valuation gaps should close” Read more. STOCKS KEEP SINKING — AP’s Alex Veiga: “Investors were in a selling mood at the end of a mostly subdued week of trading, sending U.S. stocks lower for the third day in a row Thursday. Energy stocks led the broad decline, which gathered momentum in the final hour of trading ahead of the long Easter holiday weekend. The slide marked the lowest close for the stock market since Feb. 13 … “Traders also weighed the potential for rising geopolitical tensions following news that the U.S. attacked an Islamic State tunnel complex in eastern Afghanistan with the largest non-nuclear weapon ever used in combat by the U.S. military. Bond yields continued to drop. Gold surged to its highest level since early November. The weakened versus the yen and euro.” Read more. BIG BOMB THURSDAY — Via CNN's Barbara Starr: "The US military … dropped an enormous bomb in Afghanistan … A GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb - nicknamed the 'Mother of All Bombs' (MOAB) - was dropped in at 7 p.m. local time Thursday … This is the first time a MOAB has been used in the battlefield, according to the US officials." Read more. BIG MISS TUESDAY — AP's Philip Issa and Bassem Mroue in Beirut: “U.S. Central Command said coalition aircraft were given the wrong coordinates by their partner forces, the predominantly-Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces, for a strike intended to target IS militants south of their Tabqa stronghold, near the extremists' de facto capital, Raqqa. The strike hit an SDF position instead, killing 18. Central Command said the strike was launched Tuesday.” Read more. SPEAKING OF THE TRUMP BASE … POLITICO’s Alex Isenstadt and Madeline Conway: “Donald Trump’s true believers are losing the faith. As Trump struggles to keep his campaign promises and flirts with political moderation, his most steadfast supporters — from veteran advisers to anti-immigration activists to the volunteers who dropped their jobs to help elect him — are increasingly dismayed by the direction of his presidency. “Their complaints range from Trump’s embrace of an interventionist foreign policy to his less hawkish tone on China to, most recently, his marginalization of his nationalist chief strategist, Steve Bannon. But the crux of their disillusionment, interviews with nearly two dozen Trump loyalists reveal, is a belief that Trump the candidate bears little resemblance to Trump the president” Read more. GOOD FRIDAY MORNING — Gutty OT win by MM’s Caps in last night’s playoff opener. But way too much stress for this old man this early on. Email me on bwhite@politico.com and follow me on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Aubree Weaver on aweaver@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @AubreeEWeaver. THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Patrick Temple-West on the SEC case that's going before the Supreme Court next week — and to get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m. — please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 info@politicopro.com THINK YOU KNOW TAXES? — The Peter G. Peterson Foundation has a new quiz to test your knowledge of the U.S. tax system. ** A message from Morgan Stanley: Morgan Stanley helped All Aboard Florida raise capital needed to develop Brightline, an express, intercity rail connecting Southern Florida. The project won’t just reduce travel time—it’s projected to add up to hundreds of millions in tax revenue over the next several years1. Learn more at morganstanley.com/brightline. Capital creates change. ** REGIONAL BANK PUSH ON DODD-FRANK — POLITICO’s Zachary Warmbrodt: “The Regional Bank Coalition has just one ask on its legislative wish-list for the Senate Banking Committee. In a letter to Chairman Mike Crapo (R-Idaho) and ranking member Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), the group pitched a bill by Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer (R-Mo.) that would eliminate a $50 billion asset threshold in Dodd-Frank above which banks must comply with so-called enhanced prudential standards. “The bill would enlist the Financial Stability Oversight Council to pick which banks should be subject to stricter regulation based on criteria including size, activities and interconnectedness. The House passed the bill for the first time in December. The Senate has never taken it up, though Crapo has indicated he supports the concept” Read more. CBA ON CFPB — Also from Zach: “The Consumer Bankers Association … asked leaders of the Senate Banking Committee to replace the director of the CFPB with a bipartisan commission. The trade group's request was the top item in a legislative wish-list sent to Chairman Mike Crapo (R-Idaho) and ranking member Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) , who last month put out a joint call for economic growth proposals. “The CBA went ahead with its long-standing pitch on a CFPB commission despite confirmation this week that House Financial Services Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) was throwing his weight behind a plan that would keep a single director as the agency's leader. Hensarling's proposal would make the director removable by the president and would gut most of the agency's powers” Read more. SHUTDOWN RISK RISING? — POLITICO’s Jennifer Haberkorn and Sarah Ferris: “Democrats say they will make funding for a key Obamacare program a top priority in the next spending bill after … Trump on Wednesday threatened to stop it, raising the possibility of a government shutdown threat over the health care law. “Trump said he hasn't decided whether to fund the Obamacare cost-sharing program, which helps low-income Americans pay their health care co-pays and deductibles. … The current government spending bill expires April 28 and will need at least some Democratic support to get to Trump's desk” Read more. LOAN GROWTH STALLS — Reuter’s David Henry: “Big U.S. banks revealed more evidence of a slowdown in loan growth in their earnings reports on Thursday, though executives assured there is still healthy demand from borrowers and no reason to worry about the state of the economy. “JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc posted higher first-quarter earnings that beat analysts' expectations on large gains in trading revenue. Wells Fargo & Co, which relies more on traditional lending and less on markets-related businesses, reported a slight dip in profit due to a slowdown in mortgage banking.” Read more. CREDIT SUISSE LEADERS CUT BONUSES — Bloomberg’s Jan-Henrik Foerster and David Scheer: “Credit Suisse Group AG leaders including Chief Executive Officer Tidjane Thiam offered to have their bonuses cut 40 percent after a growing chorus of investor advisory groups opposed the packages ahead of this year’s annual meeting. “Thiam and the executive board volunteered to shrink long-term incentive awards for 2017 and short-term incentive awards for 2016, according to a statement early Friday on the Zurich-based bank’s website. Total board compensation will stay at the level of 2015 and 2016, with no incremental increase in 2017 as previously proposed, according to the statement.” Read more. DON’T JUDGE A BOOK (OR A HEDGE FUND) BY ITS COVER — Bloomberg’s Hema Parmar: “What’s in a name? For hedge fund investors, sometimes a warning sign. Hedge funds often choose names with words that reflect authority, stability and power — i.e. words with gravitas. Now a report from researchers at the University at Buffalo and Finland’s University of Oulu finds that investors should beware. “Funds with gravitas-laden names ‘have lower returns, alphas, sharpe ratios and manipulation-proof performance measures, higher volatilities and maximum drawdowns as well as higher probabilities of extinction than the funds with lower name gravitas,’ according to the report, which examined nearly 18,000 hedge funds globally that on average manage about $160 million. These funds also tend to charge higher management fees and lower incentive fees.” JPMORGAN TOPS FORECASTS — FT’s Ben McLannahan: “A record first quarter for the investment banking unit at JPMorgan Chase was offset by a more sluggish performance from the retail division, suggesting that the ascent of Donald Trump has so far done more for Wall Street than Main Street. “The results from JPMorgan, the biggest bank in the US with over $2.5tn in assets, tend to be closely watched as a barometer of the health of the American economy. Shares in the New York-based bank have risen about one-quarter since the presidential election in November, as investors have warmed to Mr. Trump’s promises of higher interest rates, lower taxes and lighter regulation toward the financial sector.” Read more. BANK LENDING STALLS — NYT’s Michael Corkery: “Many business owners and corporate executives have expressed unbridled optimism that President Trump can fuel economic growth and increase their profits. Their borrowing habits, however, may tell a different story. Some of the nation’s top bankers said on Thursday that businesses were feeling less certain that Mr. Trump can pull off his ambitious agenda to deregulate and cut taxes. “Many industries, the bank executives said, are increasingly cautious about taking on too much new debt, particularly after efforts to replace the Affordable Care Act failed last month, raising doubts about whether the president can get pro-business measures like tax cuts through Congress. And such political uncertainty comes at a time when the Federal Reserve has embarked on raising interest rates, which will make borrowing costlier.” Read more. PAULSON BIDS A.I.G. FAREWELL — NYT: “The hedge fund billionaire John A. Paulson is leaving the board of American International Group, the insurance giant said in a filing on Thursday. Mr. Paulson had joined Carl C. Icahn in pushing for a breakup of the company before they were given seats on the board. But Mr. Paulson’s hedge fund, which once had a 1 percent stake in A.I.G., has been selling off its shares in the company.” Read more. WELLS FARGO SHOWS SIGNS OF STABILITY — AP’s Ken Sweet: “Wells Fargo's sales practices scandal isn't going away anytime soon, with first-quarter profit essentially flat as the bank struggled to win customers. But amid signs that the storm over fake accounts is easing, branch employees are starting to promote new accounts to people. “The company said Thursday that new checking account openings were down 35 percent in March from the same month a year ago. New credit card applications were down 42 percent. Both those metrics improved from the activity in February, however. And after months of apologizing and calling customers to ask whether they really opened the accounts in their names, Wells executives said the bank is starting to move back into the offense.” Read more. ** A message from Morgan Stanley: When All Aboard Florida wanted to bring an innovative express, intercity railway to Florida, Morgan Stanley helped it raise capital to make the project happen. The new Brightline trains are expected to cut travel time across Southern Florida by about an hour, while potentially creating over 10,000 jobs on average per year during construction1. All with zero projected taxpayer subsidies1. Capital creates better connections for people, communities and cities. Read the whole story at morganstanley.com/brightline. Capital creates change. Disclaimer: 1 Based on data provided by All Aboard Florida. For more information visit: http://allaboardﬂorida.com/project-details/aaf-fact-sheet CRC 1737672 03/17 ** « View Archives Authors: Ben White bwhite@politico.com @morningmoneyben Aubree Eliza Weaver aweaver@politico.com @AubreeEWeaver About The Author Ben White is POLITICO Pro's chief economic correspondent and author of the “Morning Money” column covering the nexus of finance and public policy. Prior to joining POLITICO in the fall of 2009, Mr. White served as a Wall Street reporter for the New York Times, where he shared a Society of Business Editors and Writers award for breaking news coverage of the financial crisis. From 2005 to 2007, White was Wall Street correspondent and U.S. Banking Editor at the Financial Times. White worked at the Washington Post for nine years before joining the FT. He served as national political researcher and research assistant to columnist David S. Broder and later as Wall Street correspondent. White, a 1994 graduate of Kenyon College, has two sons and lives in New York City. About The Author Aubree Eliza Weaver is a Web producer for POLITICO Pro. She graduated from Le Moyne College in her hometown of Syracuse, N.Y., where she was the editor-in-chief of her school’s newspaper, The Dolphin; co-hosted a political segment on the school’s news station, LCTV; and worked as a photography assistant in the Visual Arts department. As a student, Weaver interned with various communications organizations, including the publicity department of Regnery Publishing and serving as a news broadcast intern at Time Warner Cable’s Syracuse affiliate, YNN. Immediately following her graduation in May 2013, Weaver moved to D.C. to work as a summer program adviser for The Fund for American Studies’ Institute on Political Journalism, an educational nonprofit that offers courses, internships, lecture series and other opportunities for college students and recent grads. She was a student in the program in the summer of 2011, when she first fell in love with D.C. In her free time, Weaver loves to read and write (as all journalists do), play guitar until her fingers are numb, drink more coffee than she’d care to admit, and spend time with her family. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics If Trump Fired Bannon, Would He Seek Revenge? Ex-acting CIA chief: Trump is making North Korea situation worse Can Washington’s Original Dealmaker Survive Trump? Obamacare repeal bill is the zombie GOP can’t kill — or bring back to life White House says it won't make visitor logs public N. Korean official: North Korea ready to go to war if that's what Trump wants White House showdown on Paris deal set for next week At least 36 ISIS militants killed in 'mother of all bombs' strike in Afghanistan Nikki Haley denies having presidential ambitions Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Friday, 4/14/17 Thursday, 4/13/17 Wednesday, 4/12/17 Tuesday, 4/11/17 Monday, 4/10/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine Just What Is Trump Trying to Do in Syria? By Daniel Benjamin and Steven Simon The Post Pours Some Sugar on Gary Cohn By Jack Shafer How Donald Trump Blew Up the Virginia Governor’s Race By Kevin Robillard The President Doesn’t Need a Trump Doctrine By Richard Fontaine More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DISH Network Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DISH Network Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Increases Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Stake Raised by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $12.113 Million Position in American Water Works Company Inc (AWK) Foundry Partners LLC Has $484,000 Stake in TRI Pointe Group Inc (TPH) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $12.638 Million Position in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $11.972 Million Position in Harris Co. (HRS) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Takes Position in DISH Network Corp (DISH) Bridges Investment Management Inc. Has $1.687 Million Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Private Asset Management Inc. Has $1.924 Million Stake in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Private Asset Management Inc. Has $11.38 Million Position in United Technologies Co. (UTX) Foundry Partners LLC Reduces Stake in Harte Hanks Inc (HHS) Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Stake Lowered by Foundry Partners LLC Foundry Partners LLC Purchases 58,026 Shares of Polar Power Inc (POLA) First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Sells 224 Shares of CVS Health Corp (CVS) Penumbra’s (PEN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Exfo Inc (EXFO) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Short Interest in Bar Harbor Bankshares (BHB) Increases By 97.7% Southern Co (SO) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Patisserie Holdings PLC (CAKE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages JinkoSolar Holding Co. (JKS) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Takes Position in DISH Network Corp (DISH) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. bought a new position in DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 196,073 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,448,000. A number of other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Dodge & Cox acquired a new stake in shares of DISH Network Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $942,242,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of DISH Network Corp by 7.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 24,440,962 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,338,875,000 after buying an additional 1,712,291 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of DISH Network Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $88,743,000. FMR LLC increased its stake in shares of DISH Network Corp by 13.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,729,698 shares of the company’s stock worth $331,921,000 after buying an additional 698,352 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Calamos Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of DISH Network Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $33,506,000. 47.98% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) opened at 62.38 on Friday. DISH Network Corp has a 52 week low of $43.86 and a 52 week high of $64.74. The stock has a market cap of $29.03 billion, a PE ratio of 20.45 and a beta of 1.09. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $62.67 and a 200 day moving average of $59.52. DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.70 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.04. The business earned $3.72 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.76 billion. DISH Network Corp had a net margin of 6.48% and a return on equity of 40.84%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted ($0.27) earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that DISH Network Corp will post $2.77 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Takes Position in DISH Network Corp (DISH)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/chevy-chase-trust-holdings-inc-takes-position-in-dish-network-corp-dish.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on DISH shares. Morgan Stanley raised shares of DISH Network Corp from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $75.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Citigroup Inc reissued a “focus list” rating on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of DISH Network Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Barclays PLC reissued an “equal weight” rating and set a $62.00 price objective (up previously from $59.00) on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 price objective on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. DISH Network Corp presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $67.66. In other news, EVP Warren Schlichting sold 8,878 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $61.90, for a total value of $549,548.20. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Treasurer Kyle J. Kiser sold 32,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $61.90, for a total transaction of $2,011,750.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 49.40% of the company’s stock. DISH Network Corp Company Profile DISH Network Corporation is a holding company. The Company operates through two segments: Pay-TV and Broadband, and Wireless. It offers pay-TV services under the DISH brand and the Sling brand (collectively Pay-TV services). The DISH branded pay-TV service consists of Federal Communications Commission (FCC) licenses authorizing it to use direct broadcast satellite and Fixed Satellite Service spectrum, its owned and leased satellites, receiver systems, third-party broadcast operations, customer service facilities, a leased fiber optic network, in-home service and call center operations, and certain other assets utilized in its operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DISH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH). Receive News & Ratings for DISH Network Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DISH Network Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hilton Grand Vacations Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cowen and Company Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Initiates Coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Heico Corp (HEI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Rakuten Inc (RKUNY) to “Hold” RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Stake Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Purchases 265,136 Shares of Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 278,288 Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Perigon Wealth Management LLC Purchases 683 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $24.819 Million Stake in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp (FSFR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of -0.29 Encore Wire (WIRE) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.36 Equity BancShares (EQBK) Earns News Sentiment Score of -0.39 Pier 1 Imports Inc (PIR) Releases Q1 Earnings Guidance Infosys Ltd (INFY) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Shaw Communications Inc (SJR) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Zacks Investment Research Lowers ArcBest Corp (ARCB) to Sell A-Mark Precious Metals Inc (AMRK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sensient Technologies Co. (SXT) to “Hold” Atlantica Yield PLC (ABY) Coverage Initiated at Jefferies Group LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Initiates Coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (NYSE:HGV) in a research note issued on Wednesday. The firm set an “overweight” rating and a $37.00 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective indicates a potential upside of 16.94% from the company’s previous close. Several other brokerages also recently issued reports on HGV. Instinet upped their target price on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations from $32.00 to $36.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Hilton Grand Vacations from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $34.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Hilton Grand Vacations from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Nomura initiated coverage on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $32.00 target price on the stock. Finally, MKM Partners initiated coverage on shares of Hilton Grand Vacations in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $32.00 target price on the stock. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $34.00. Hilton Grand Vacations (NYSE:HGV) opened at 31.64 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.13 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.64. Hilton Grand Vacations has a 1-year low of $24.60 and a 1-year high of $32.00. The company has a 50-day moving average of $29.58 and a 200-day moving average of $28.83. Hilton Grand Vacations (NYSE:HGV) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $415 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $397.58 million. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 8.9% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Hilton Grand Vacations will post $1.88 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Initiates Coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/jpmorgan-chase-co-initiates-coverage-on-hilton-grand-vacations-inc-hgv.html. Hilton Grand Vacations Company Profile Hilton Grand Vacations Inc is a timeshare company that markets and sells vacation ownership intervals (VOIs), manages resorts in leisure and urban destinations, and operates a points-based vacation club. The Company operates its business across two segments: Real Estate Sales and Financing, and Resort Operations and Club Management. Receive News & Ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Grand Vacations Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novo Nordisk A/S - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novo Nordisk A/S with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for State Street Corp Lifted by Analyst (STT) Jefferies Group Comments on Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (OMED) Guggenheim Capital LLC Boosts Position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $445,000 Position in CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $440,000 Stake in Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Hampstead Capital LLP Purchases Shares of 222,700 Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Facebook Inc (FB) is Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s 9th Largest Position PDF Solutions, Inc. (PDFS) Position Maintained by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Reduces Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc (APAM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Apple Target of Unusually High Options Trading (AAPL) Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in Camtek LTD. (CAMT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys New Stake in Alere Inc (ALR) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Decreased by Independent Order of Foresters Guardian Capital Advisors LP Reduces Position in General Electric Company (GE) Drexel Morgan & Co. Has $259,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for H&E Equipment Services, Inc. (HEES) Reduced by KeyCorp Analysts Offer Predictions for Discovery Communications Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DISCA) Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Guggenheim Capital LLC Boosts Position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) by 4.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 35,235 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,442 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC’s holdings in Novo Nordisk A/S were worth $1,264,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Morgan Stanley raised its stake in Novo Nordisk A/S by 88.6% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 3,012,074 shares of the company’s stock valued at $125,273,000 after buying an additional 1,415,016 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Novo Nordisk A/S by 124.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,156,876 shares of the company’s stock valued at $48,115,000 after buying an additional 640,540 shares in the last quarter. Grimes & Company Inc. acquired a new stake in Novo Nordisk A/S during the third quarter valued at approximately $8,000,000. Fiera Capital Corp raised its stake in Novo Nordisk A/S by 6.5% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 148,921 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,340,000 after buying an additional 9,074 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Banco Santander S.A. acquired a new stake in Novo Nordisk A/S during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,816,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 6.65% of the company’s stock. Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO) opened at 35.75 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $34.55 and its 200-day moving average is $35.82. The stock has a market cap of $89.53 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.67 and a beta of 0.83. Novo Nordisk A/S has a 1-year low of $30.89 and a 1-year high of $57.81. The firm also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 4th. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 27th were paid a $0.6634 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a dividend yield of 1.99%. Novo Nordisk A/S’s dividend payout ratio is currently 46.19%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Guggenheim Capital LLC Boosts Position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/guggenheim-capital-llc-boosts-position-in-novo-nordisk-as-nvo.html. Several analysts have recently commented on NVO shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Novo Nordisk A/S from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. HSBC Holdings plc lowered shares of Novo Nordisk A/S from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Novo Nordisk A/S from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Novo Nordisk A/S in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, Barclays PLC initiated coverage on shares of Novo Nordisk A/S in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They set an “underweight” rating on the stock. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Novo Nordisk A/S has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $60.00. Novo Nordisk A/S Company Profile Novo Nordisk A/S is a global healthcare company engaged in diabetes care. The Company is also engaged in the discovery, development, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical products. The Company operates through two business segments: diabetes and obesity care, and biopharmaceuticals. The Company’s diabetes and obesity care segment covers insulin, GLP-1, other protein-related products, such as glucagon, protein-related delivery systems and needles, and oral anti-diabetic drugs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NVO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Novo Nordisk A/S (NYSE:NVO). Receive News & Ratings for Novo Nordisk A/S Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novo Nordisk A/S and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in Camtek LTD. (CAMT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys New Stake in Alere Inc (ALR) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Decreased by Independent Order of Foresters Guardian Capital Advisors LP Reduces Position in General Electric Company (GE) Drexel Morgan & Co. Has $259,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for H&E Equipment Services, Inc. (HEES) Reduced by KeyCorp Analysts Offer Predictions for Discovery Communications Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DISCA) Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Dunelm Group plc (DNLM) PT Lowered to GBX 620 Osram Licht Ag (OSAGF) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research SGS Ltd (SGSOY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Old National Bancorp (ONB) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) to Strong Sell Traders Buy Large Volume of Call Options on L Brands (LB) Maxim Group Upgrades TrovaGene Inc (TROV) to Buy Fmr LLC Sells 12,557 Shares of SCYNEXIS Inc (SCYX) VTTI Energy Partners LP (VTTI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Vectren Corp (VVC) to “Hold” Drexel Morgan & Co. Has $259,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Drexel Morgan & Co. held its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 3,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Drexel Morgan & Co.’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $259,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Howland Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 7.3% in the third quarter. Howland Capital Management LLC now owns 14,788 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $985,000 after buying an additional 1,008 shares during the period. Community Bank N.A. raised its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 2.7% in the third quarter. Community Bank N.A. now owns 60,681 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $4,040,000 after buying an additional 1,573 shares during the period. Private Bank & Trust Co. raised its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 19.2% in the third quarter. Private Bank & Trust Co. now owns 67,675 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $4,506,000 after buying an additional 10,889 shares during the period. Cohen Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.9% in the third quarter. Cohen Capital Management Inc. now owns 157,820 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $10,509,000 after buying an additional 1,445 shares during the period. Finally, W.G. Shaheen & Associates DBA Whitney & Co raised its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 16.5% in the third quarter. W.G. Shaheen & Associates DBA Whitney & Co now owns 32,730 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,179,000 after buying an additional 4,646 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 84.40 on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $89.20 and its 200 day moving average price is $81.87. The company has a market cap of $300.52 billion, a PE ratio of 13.63 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The business earned $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.35 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.58 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.37%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 4th. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/drexel-morgan-co-has-259000-position-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. JPM has been the subject of a number of research reports. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Saturday, December 17th. Vetr upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $82.89 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Citigroup Inc set a $85.00 target price on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating, seventeen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $80.17. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 21,532 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total value of $1,801,582.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 86,338 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,223,900.46. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CFO Marianne Lake sold 13,072 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.68, for a total value of $1,093,864.96. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 44,711 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,741,416.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 202,699 shares of company stock valued at $17,009,515. Insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Advanced Drainage Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Advanced Drainage Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Position in Diplomat Pharmacy Inc (DPLO) State Street Corp Boosts Stake in EZCORP Inc (EZPW) State Street Corp Has $12.413 Million Position in Ultratech, Inc. (UTEK) State Street Corp Boosts Position in Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (WMS) Xcerra Corp (XCRA) Shares Sold by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Stake in Digimarc Corp (DMRC) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in tronc Inc (TRNC) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $437,000 in Corenergy Infrastructure Trust Inc (CORR) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) to Hold Nucor Co. (NUE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Investors Buy High Volume of Call Options on Southwest Airlines (LUV) Rent-A-Center Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (RCII) Leerink Swann Equities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (OMED) Alcoa Corp (AA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Upgrades AllianceBernstein Holding LP (AB) to Outperform Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Aeglea Bio Therapeutics Inc (AGLE) to “Strong-Buy” H. Lundbeck A/S- (HLUYY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Jefferies Group LLC Cubic Co. (CUB) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Healthcare Trust Of America Inc (HTA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research State Street Corp Boosts Position in Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (WMS) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp raised its stake in Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (NYSE:WMS) by 4.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 595,040 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 26,576 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Advanced Drainage Systems were worth $12,252,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Advanced Drainage Systems by 3.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 925,513 shares of the company’s stock valued at $22,267,000 after buying an additional 35,059 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Advanced Drainage Systems by 2.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 131,119 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,155,000 after buying an additional 2,551 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in shares of Advanced Drainage Systems by 280.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 60,590 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,457,000 after buying an additional 44,684 shares in the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group increased its stake in shares of Advanced Drainage Systems by 99.6% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 830,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,982,000 after buying an additional 414,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Citadel Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Advanced Drainage Systems during the third quarter valued at $2,331,000. 69.78% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (NYSE:WMS) opened at 21.65 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $21.92 and a 200 day moving average price of $21.92. Advanced Drainage Systems Inc has a one year low of $18.60 and a one year high of $28.49. The firm has a market cap of $1.19 billion, a P/E ratio of 35.49 and a beta of 1.09. Advanced Drainage Systems (NYSE:WMS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.16 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $294.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $172.17 million. Advanced Drainage Systems had a return on equity of 177.47% and a net margin of 3.82%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 5.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.22 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Advanced Drainage Systems Inc will post $1.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 1st were issued a $0.06 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 27th. This represents a $0.24 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.11%. Advanced Drainage Systems’s dividend payout ratio is presently 32.00%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “State Street Corp Boosts Position in Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (WMS)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/state-street-corp-boosts-position-in-advanced-drainage-systems-inc-wms.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on WMS shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Advanced Drainage Systems from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Robert W. Baird raised Advanced Drainage Systems from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $25.00 to $29.00 in a report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sector perform” rating and issued a $24.00 price target (up previously from $22.00) on shares of Advanced Drainage Systems in a report on Friday, January 13th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $26.00. In related news, COO Thomas M. Fussner sold 50,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.53, for a total value of $1,176,500.00. Following the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 544,032 shares in the company, valued at approximately $12,801,072.96. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, COO Ronald R. Vitarelli sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.37, for a total value of $134,220.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 59,698 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,335,444.26. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 22.55% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Advanced Drainage Systems Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc is engaged in designing, manufacturing and marketing of thermoplastic corrugated pipe and related water management products, primarily in North and South America, and Europe. The Company operates through two segments: Domestic and International. The Domestic segment manufactures and markets products throughout the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Advanced Drainage Systems Inc (NYSE:WMS). Receive News & Ratings for Advanced Drainage Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Advanced Drainage Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 45 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER APRIL 15, 2017 APRIL 15, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 15, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 45 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Wall Street banks thrive, lending stalls in Trump era By DAKIN CAMPBELL Bloomberg News First Published Apr 14 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Apr 14 2017 01:05 am Single page Share This Article U.S. banks reporting their first earnings under Donald Trump's presidency showed a stark split: Wall Street businesses are faring better than many of those serving Main Street. JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, the two largest U.S. trading firms, posted first-quarter results that beat analysts' estimates as revenue from buying and selling stocks, bonds and other instruments outpaced expectations. Wells Fargo, which focuses on more traditional forms of banking to consumers and businesses, reported sluggish results and said total loans fell from the fourth quarter. The figures show how Wall Street businesses criticized during the presidential campaign are thriving as Trump sets out to reshape policy and the Federal Reserve embarks on interest-rate hikes. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Political turmoil and changing central bank policies spurred interest-rate trading in the quarter while the threat of higher borrowing costs drove corporations to issue debt, which boosted credit trading. Rising U.S. equities also fueled trading desks. "Whenever you have tectonic shifts in financial markets like we've had, that creates activity on Wall Street because clients have to react," a churn that benefits banks, said Marty Mosby, an analyst at Vining-Sparks IBG. "On Main Street, consumers and businesses are saying, 'I'm not going to make a decision until I know what health care is going to be and what my tax code is going to be."' Financial stocks surged after the November election as investors speculated that Trump would sideline Wall Street's sharpest critics, dismantle regulation and pursue policies that spur inflation and lift long-term interest rates. He reversed course this week on some other key parts of his campaign rhetoric — backing off protectionist policies and praising the Federal Reserve's Janet Yellen — in a sign he's listening more to moderate advisers from finance, including former Goldman Sachs President Gary Cohn. After a relatively slow start to the year, markets improved in March, JPMorgan Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said Thursday on a call with analysts. That helped her bank post a fourth straight quarter of increased trading revenue, the longest streak in at least a decade. "The competition is back and healthy," she said. JPMorgan's fixed-income trading revenue rose 17 percent to $4.22 billion, driven by rates trading linked to central bank actions, improved credit trading and upcoming elections in Europe. The firm also showed a surprise increase in equity trading, which rose 2 percent to $1.61 billion. At Citigroup, fixed-income traders posted their best quarter in three years, with revenue jumping 19 percent from a year earlier to $3.62 billion. Equities desks boosted revenue 10 percent to $769 million, within a percentage point of what analysts predicted. Wells Fargo, on the other hand, reported first-quarter revenue that missed analysts' estimates as the lender's embattled community bank weighed on results. The firm has had trouble attracting new retail-bank customers while grappling with a bogus-account scandal and as fewer customers take out loans. Wells Fargo was the worst performer in the S&P 500 Financials Index of 65 companies, declining 2.5 percent at 1:44 p.m. in New York. Citigroup and JPMorgan both slipped less than 1 percent. If Trump can't make good on pledges to unleash growth or if political turmoil worsens, it "will make some of the current bank valuations tough to sustain," Cathy Seifert, an analyst at CFRA Research, said in a phone interview. Lending is a core part of banks' earnings, and weakness in that kind of business "is a concern." PNC Financial Services Group Inc., the nation's second-largest regional bank, posted results that beat analysts' estimates and raised a forecast for revenue growth in 2017. Interest income, its main source of revenue, climbed about 3 percent from the fourth quarter — but most of the improvement came from investment securities, rather than loans. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Once free despite his sex assault convictions, it's prison for former Mormon bishop Op-ed: Turning to religion won't prevent sexual assault Remembering Utah actor Jenessa Bowen, who lit up the stage with her talent American Preparatory Academy demolishes nearby house to open emergency route through Draper neighbor Utah football: Unproven Utes look to gain ground in Red-White game ELEVATE You may be procrastinating on your taxes if...   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan tries TV stars, political muscle to regain mortgage footing Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Fri Apr 14, 2017 | 1:00am EDT JPMorgan tries TV stars, political muscle to regain mortgage footing By David Henry | NEW YORK, April 14 NEW YORK, April 14 After having to stomach $31 billion worth of bitter mortgage settlements with government agencies a few years ago, JPMorgan Chase & Co swore off a huge swath of the home loan market. Gone were borrowers with anything much less than pristine credit ratings. The cost of managing delinquent accounts and the threat of huge legal penalties were written off as not worth the risk. Better instead to focus on wealthier customers who wanted jumbo-sized loans that are beyond the reach of government housing finance agencies. But there was a problem: Chase was leaving behind many of its mass market customers who were going to competitors for the conventional and government-guaranteed loans they wanted. Now, the bank’s management team, led by Chief Executive Jamie Dimon, is working fiercely to change course – hoping to not only bring back customers, but influence what could be a reshaping of U.S. mortgage finance policy for the first time in a generation. Customers will soon start seeing signs of this effort. Next month, Chase plans to launch advertising featuring Drew and Jonathan Scott, stars of the popular reality “Property Brothers” shows. In addition to TV spots, the campaign will feature cardboard cutouts of the telegenic twins in Chase branches. Chase is also in the process of boosting its mortgage lending force by 10 percent, upgrading its loan-making software and jazzing up its smartphone app with more mortgage account tools. At the moment, fewer than one in 10 Chase customers with home loans got them directly from Chase, a situation consumer banking chief Gordon Smith recently described as "terrible." “It is time to go after the opportunity we have with our own customers,” Mike Weinbach, the bank's mortgage chief, said in a recent interview with Reuters. JPMorgan Chase is not the only major bank that is restless after having stepped back from the U.S. mortgage market in the aftermath of the housing crisis last decade. At Bank of America Corp, executives say they are no more content with fewer than two in 10 of their customers with mortgage loans having borrowed from their bank. Mortgage companies such as Quicken, Caliber and loanDepot.com scooped up much of the business from battered banks. (tmsnrt.rs/2orqDzB) JPMorgan's $31 billion cost of 13 mortgage-related legal settlements was second only to Bank of America’s $71 billion, according to data collected by bank analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Still, JPMorgan's mortgage retreat stands out because the bank has used its scale and financial strength to gobble up market share in many other businesses, from credit cards and deposit-taking to commercial lending and Wall Street banking. In backing away, JPMorgan saw its market share of conventional mortgages that are small enough to be resold to government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac fall by half, according to data from Inside Mortgage Finance. Its share of all mortgage loans made directly by lenders fell to 2.8 percent last year from 12.6 percent in 2011. Logically, it should be close to Chase's 8.3 percent of share of retail deposits, said Guy Cecala, CEO of Inside Mortgage Finance. JUMBO MISSES Chase opted to go after better-off borrowers who took out so-called jumbo loans in excess of the Fannie and Freddie limit, which then was $417,000 in most parts of the United States. Last year, jumbos were 49 percent of all loans Chase made, up from 14 percent in 2013. But jumbos account for only 18 percent of U.S. mortgages. By turning from bigger parts of the market, JPMorgan was hurting its wider consumer franchise. That could be costly if it persists. Customers without Chase mortgages are twice as likely to leave as those who have them from the bank, Weinbach said. And, checking and savings account customers who get their home loans from Chase tend to add to their deposits. Management’s effort to swing back may already be bearing some fruit. JPMorgan said on Thursday that it made $9 billion of home loans directly to customers in the first quarter, 3 percent more than in the same period a year earlier. Chase’s shift comes amid crosscurrents in the mortgage market. The latest wave of loans for refinancing is abating as interest rates rise. That has reduced revenue across the industry. But bank executives also see other conditions improving. Federal housing agencies have been loosening policies to help middle America get access to more credit. The millennial generation has also begun reaching the nesting age, leading to a new crop of home buyers. The GSEs have already adjusted some rules to be less financially threatening to lenders. For instance, they dropped a demand that banks take back loans that default after three years unless there has been fraud. Dimon sees a chance to get more relief from the government. This month he used four pages of his annual letter to shareholders to outline more changes he wants to see. He expressed particular concern about a bank’s costs and liability when loans it underwrites default. Current rules have made lenders so cautious that they have not funded an additional $300 billion to $500 billion of loans for home purchases in each of the last five years, JPMorgan analysts estimate. The cost to the economy, they believe, has been one third of a percentage point of annual growth. “If that number is right, shame on us,” Dimon told reporters on the bank's post-earnings conference call on Thursday. “We should have done something about that. And, it can be done very quickly.” (Reporting by David Henry in New York; Editing by Bill Rigby) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Funds News BRIEF-Material Handling Systems updates on deal with Thomas H. Lee Partners * Material Handling Systems - Entered into an agreement to recapitalize in partnership with Thomas H. Lee Partners, making THL majority owner of MHS BRIEF-Soros Fund Management ups passive stake in Sigma Designs to 10.66 pct * Soros Fund Management reports 10.66 pct passive stake in Sigma Designs Inc as of April 12 versus 5.31 percent as of Jan 12 - SEC filing Source text: (http://bit.ly/2ouXcNj) Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan tries TV stars, political muscle to regain mortgage footing By Reuters Published: 01:02 EDT, 14 April 2017 | Updated: 01:02 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail By David Henry NEW YORK, April 14 (Reuters) - After having to stomach $31 billion worth of bitter mortgage settlements with government agencies a few years ago, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co swore off a huge swath of the home loan market. Gone were borrowers with anything much less than pristine credit ratings. The cost of managing delinquent accounts and the threat of huge legal penalties were written off as not worth the risk. Better instead to focus on wealthier customers who wanted jumbo-sized loans that are beyond the reach of government housing finance agencies. But there was a problem: Chase was leaving behind many of its mass market customers who were going to competitors for the conventional and government-guaranteed loans they wanted. Now, the bank´s management team, led by Chief Executive Jamie Dimon, is working fiercely to change course - hoping to not only bring back customers, but influence what could be a reshaping of U.S. mortgage finance policy for the first time in a generation. Customers will soon start seeing signs of this effort. Next month, Chase plans to launch advertising featuring Drew and Jonathan Scott, stars of the popular reality "Property Brothers" shows. In addition to TV spots, the campaign will feature cardboard cutouts of the telegenic twins in Chase branches. Chase is also in the process of boosting its mortgage lending force by 10 percent, upgrading its loan-making software and jazzing up its smartphone app with more mortgage account tools. At the moment, fewer than one in 10 Chase customers with home loans got them directly from Chase, a situation consumer banking chief Gordon Smith recently described as "terrible." "It is time to go after the opportunity we have with our own customers," Mike Weinbach, the bank's mortgage chief, said in a recent interview with Reuters. JPMorgan Chase is not the only major bank that is restless after having stepped back from the U.S. mortgage market in the aftermath of the housing crisis last decade. At Bank of America Corp, executives say they are no more content with fewer than two in 10 of their customers with mortgage loans having borrowed from their bank. Mortgage companies such as Quicken, Caliber and loanDepot.com scooped up much of the business from battered banks. (http://tmsnrt.rs/2orqDzB) JPMorgan's $31 billion cost of 13 mortgage-related legal settlements was second only to Bank of America´s $71 billion, according to data collected by bank analysts at Keefe, Bruyette &amp; Woods. Still, JPMorgan's mortgage retreat stands out because the bank has used its scale and financial strength to gobble up market share in many other businesses, from credit cards and deposit-taking to commercial lending and Wall Street banking. In backing away, JPMorgan saw its market share of conventional mortgages that are small enough to be resold to government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac fall by half, according to data from Inside Mortgage Finance. Its share of all mortgage loans made directly by lenders fell to 2.8 percent last year from 12.6 percent in 2011. Logically, it should be close to Chase's 8.3 percent of share of retail deposits, said Guy Cecala, CEO of Inside Mortgage Finance. JUMBO MISSES Chase opted to go after better-off borrowers who took out so-called jumbo loans in excess of the Fannie and Freddie limit, which then was $417,000 in most parts of the United States. Last year, jumbos were 49 percent of all loans Chase made, up from 14 percent in 2013. But jumbos account for only 18 percent of U.S. mortgages. By turning from bigger parts of the market, JPMorgan was hurting its wider consumer franchise. That could be costly if it persists. Customers without Chase mortgages are twice as likely to leave as those who have them from the bank, Weinbach said. And, checking and savings account customers who get their home loans from Chase tend to add to their deposits. Management´s effort to swing back may already be bearing some fruit. JPMorgan said on Thursday that it made $9 billion of home loans directly to customers in the first quarter, 3 percent more than in the same period a year earlier. Chase´s shift comes amid crosscurrents in the mortgage market. The latest wave of loans for refinancing is abating as interest rates rise. That has reduced revenue across the industry. But bank executives also see other conditions improving. Federal housing agencies have been loosening policies to help middle America get access to more credit. The millennial generation has also begun reaching the nesting age, leading to a new crop of home buyers. The GSEs have already adjusted some rules to be less financially threatening to lenders. For instance, they dropped a demand that banks take back loans that default after three years unless there has been fraud. Dimon sees a chance to get more relief from the government. This month he used four pages of his annual letter to shareholders to outline more changes he wants to see. He expressed particular concern about a bank´s costs and liability when loans it underwrites default. Current rules have made lenders so cautious that they have not funded an additional $300 billion to $500 billion of loans for home purchases in each of the last five years, JPMorgan analysts estimate. The cost to the economy, they believe, has been one third of a percentage point of annual growth. "If that number is right, shame on us," Dimon told reporters on the bank's post-earnings conference call on Thursday. "We should have done something about that. And, it can be done very quickly." (Reporting by David Henry in New York; Editing by Bill Rigby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'My baby and me after nap time': Janet Jackson shares first photo of newborn son Eissa... after estranged husband shares amorous note Adorable PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini boss! Rihanna parades around in tiny two-piece and sips wine after treating her staff to lavish work retreat in Mexico 'Where is Pez?' Little Mix star Perrie Edwards worries followers by temporarily deactivating her Instagram account... after begging fans to delete pictures  Jamiroquai keyboard player Toby Smith dies aged 46, after 'secretly battling cancer for years' News revealed by lead singer Jay Kay, 47 His Wonderwall! David Beckham shares video of son Cruz playing guitar... before downing uni shots together Proud dad Ruff day! Amanda Holden 'left furious with the parents of a cheeky 8-year-old comedian who called her a DOG during Britain's Got Talent audition' Highlighter-haired Kylie Jenner flashes Spanx in $39 PrettyLittleThing mini-dress at Palm Springs bash Tad too short Loose Women presenter Stacey Solomon's 'lingerie and nude snaps leaked online' in latest hacking scandal... just one day after Alex Jones furore 'They should be ashamed': Gogglebox viewers' anger at Ellie and Izzi and Channel 4 for saying United Airlines 'would make a good Snapchat story' PICTURED: Newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh cuddles up to rugby hunk Thom Evans at fitness bash in LA... after splitting from tiler boyfriend 'Family is everything!': Beaming Kerry Katona spends quality time with her children and husband George Kay over Easter Smiles all round 'I love you so much': Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana posts amorous note after recent birth of their son and failed marriage 'It's taken ten years off you!' Twitter goes wild for Nadia Sawalha's new look as she straightens her curls for the first time on Loose Women Glam transformation 'I'm no scapegoat!' TOWIE's Chloe Sims warns trolls after receiving hate online about her involvement in Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks' split Can't mesh with her! Hailee Steinfeld rocks Coachella bash in thigh-high boots and see-through top Daring ensemble Their first Coachella! Paris Hilton flashes cleavage in multicolored maxi dress as she walks hand-in-hand with boyfriend Chris Zylka Inseparable Not such a Good Friday: Zara Tindall falls off her horse after negotiating a tricky water jump and has to be checked over by medical staff at an event in Norfolk SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna confronts nemesis Chloe Sims at the Easter Ball... after THAT explosive row with Pete Wicks on The Only Way Is Essex 'Thank you Luna!' Kim Kardashian gushes over 'cutest' Easter baskets given to her children from Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Retail therapy! Kate Upton shops in eye-catching leopard print leggings in LA... after claiming 'this week just kicked my a**' Beauty therapy Turned Up! Christina Milian flaunts toned legs in Daisy Dukes at PrettyLittleThing x PAPER magazine gala in Palm Springs 'Sculpting': Katy Perry shows off ultra trim figure during gym workout session in Instagram clip Tip-top shape 'I don't have a thigh gap and I'm still beautiful': Demi Lovato shows off her legs as she shares body positive post Empowerment Table for five! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take kids out for relaxed dinner in Malibu Stepping out Catherine Zeta-Jones nails boho chic with $3,800 Chanel graffiti bag as she arrives at New York's JFK airport with husband Michael Douglas Lucky brake! James Corden narrowly misses being hit by a truck after viewing a house under construction with his wife Julia in LA Lucky escape FIRST LOOK: Carrie Fisher as General Leia in The Last Jedi revealed... as Disney confirms she will NOT be in Episode IX despite brother's claims 'Coachella ella': Shanina Shaik dons skimpy attire and Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage as stars arrive for desert music festival Looked sensational The Weeknd, Sean 'Diddy' Combs and French Montana among surprise performers set to hit the stage at Coachella She's just a girl! Gwen Stefani keeps it low-key in track jacket and jeans on shopping trip with son Apollo Retail therapy Been Up All Night? Sleepy Liam Payne leaves a London studio wearing a HUGE gold chain as he and Cheryl adjust to new parenthood 'It drives her mad!': Philip Schofield admits Holly Willoughby is fed up of rumours she is pregnant... after sparking speculation by taking sick leave from This Morning Kate Wright flaunts her ample bust in an extremely plunging crop top as she holidays in Dubai... as she puts her toe woes behind her Wore plunging black top Pregnant Olympian Laura Kenny shows off her blossoming baby bump in a stretchy black top as she grabs lunch with friends  Expecting her first child 'Trying to look glamorous is harder than it looks!' Pregnant Binky Felstead proudly shows off her blossoming baby bump in swimwear snap Paris Jackson enjoys family dinner with brother Blanket... after sharing her fears he had been left to live alone Out in public despite fears for his safety Harry Styles' first solo single scores number one spot in the charts... but 'still only achieves half the opening week success of Zayn Malik's debut' Cara Delevingne debuts subtle pink locks as she wraps up warm while resuming filming for romantic drama Life In A Year Kooky new look Charlotte Crosby flaunts her fantastic gym-honed figure and flat stomach in a green crossover bikini in her latest sizzling snap Geordie phwoar! Between the sheets! Home And Away actress Pia Miller strips down to her underpants in a sultry bedroom snap taken by her boyfriend Tyson Mullane 'It's gettin real!': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share a smooch while posing proudly with pink cake they made for daughter Luna's 1st birthday 'The hardest question of all': Ruby Rose gets stuck when online survey asks 'male or female?' after revealing she identifies as gender fluid He's left me at 70 - how can I survive on my own?  BEL MOONEY helps a woman whose officer-and-gentleman husband is divorcing her Slender Mel C stuns in side-split midi dress as she takes to the stage for passionate final tour performance in Dublin The singer, 43, showed off her fit physique 'Being a mum makes me so content': Helen Flanagan reveals she 'definitely' wants more children with Scott Sinclair... and now finds Corrie more enjoyable 'Why are they trying to ruin it for me?': Danielle Lloyd hits back at Maria Fowler and Nicola McLean's 'vendetta' against her after they accused her of staging her baby gender reveal EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight and threatened with a butcher knife, Ashley Graham reveals the demons that dogged her 'Coachella vibin'': Ashley Graham lounges topless by the pool in Palm Springs She seemed ready for a weekend of relaxation, lounging poolside A Strictly reunion: Daisy Lowe shows off her taut midriff in a sleek boob tube as she is reunited with former dancing co-star Louise Redknapp She's Heard it's on-trend: Amber debuts bubblegum pink hair... as she's pictured for the first time since leaving awards bash early following an emergency The angels have landed at Coachella! Jasmine Tookes and Romee Strijd live it up at the Victoria's Secret 'oasis'  It' s hot there! Oops she did it again! Britney Spears shows off toned torso in hot pink bikini as she hits beach on Hawaiian vacation On the shores of Kauai Fans accuse model Shanina Shaik of 'cultural appropriation' after she debuts braided hairstyle for Coachella festival Victoria's Secret star Juggling act! Zoe Saldana carries newborn son Zen before taking a call on LA outing with husband Marco Perego Letting her hair down! Kylie Jenner parties in Coachella without ex Tyga...as they both travel separately to music festival just days after split Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes svelte torso in skimpy ensemble as she parties at Coachella  Rocking a bohemian chic crop top and jeans I find YOU the beast of Broadchurch! TV's addictively baffling crime series ends on Monday. Here, with forensic wit, JUDGE JAN MOIR names her culprit 'I wept as I wrote it!' Broadchurch writer promises a 'dark and emotional' end to the ITV drama on Easter Monday... and admits regretting ending it Rich kids of Coachella! Sofia Richie jets off in helicopter with gal pals as celebrities head to desert music festival in style Back to the desert again 'Tears of sadness': Emotional Danniella Westbrook shares Instagram snap admitting she 'needs to break in order to rebuild' while in rehab in Spain 'Holy Boobies': Coco Austin flaunts her ample assets in plunging tight maxi dress on Instagram The wife of Ice-T directed her fans to a new firm Ab fab! Serena Williams displays her chiseled figure in barely-there neon yellow bikini 'Just because' Showed off her VERY athletic physique Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Beyonce jets off to Bora Bora with Jay Z for 'low key' holiday at private island The holiday coincides with their anniversary 'She would work her butt off': Cate Blanchett used Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer while she filmed new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok After seeing his work Vanessa Hudgens kicks off Coachella weekend by going topless poolside in Palm Springs She showcased her fit 5ft1in bikini body 'You are pure love and joy!' Shannen Doherty pays birthday tribute to Sarah Michelle Gellar with sweet snap She just celebrated an Aries birthday herself Make-up free Daisy Lowe looks stylish in leather biker jacket as she arrives back in London after trip to New York She's been Stateside 'When the yoga position fails!': Little Mix beauty Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her VERY peachy posterior in a thong bikini She sure is flexible Newly single Cara De La Hoyde puts her woes to one side to film TOWIE with Georgia Kousoulou... hours after confirming split with Nathan Massey 'Happy Easter': Candice Swanepoel shares adorable snaps of six-month-old son wearing knit bunny hat Hopping mad Johnny Depp joins rally against Arkansas' rushed plans to put to death seven inmates by end of April - as drug supplier says its injection wasn't meant for execution 'He'd give it another go': TOWIE's Chris Clark is 'hoping for a reunion' with Jesy Nelson when she returns to the UK... after 'breaking up with her over the phone' Ready for anything! Eva Longoria brings wine and a pillow along for romantic getaway with husband José Bastón Wine O'Clock for the 42-year-old 'It's helped my vocal range': X Factor's James Arthur reveals his nose job has made him a better singer... as he performs his new single Can I Be Him live on The One Show Busty Charli XCX showcases her enviable assets and washboard stomach in a skimpy black bikini and jeans in sizzling selfie Mirror selfies 'Oh no!': Cara Delevingne debuts colourful pixie crop as she chops off her locks while filming new drama Life In A Year Sharing a Snapchat story Ben Affleck 'preparing to move out of family guest house' as divorce from Jennifer Garner proceeds He is preparing to move into his own place 'Like cuddling our princess again': Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford hug Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd 'DejaVuAllOverAgain,' Hamill tagged his post Star Wars' fans excitement as trailer for The Last Jedi premieres - but it gives little hint of what to expect and only a brief glimpse of Princess Leia SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: All the fun of the fair for cheeky little Mia Tindall as she watches her mother compete in horse trials  Looked adorable Ashley James shows off her enviably toned stomach in skimpy mesh lingerie as she soaks up the sun ahead of Coachella Festival in LA Frail Yoko Ono raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats privately with a young man in her first public outing in months 'New York vibes': Blac Chyna sports a red velvet tracksuit as she jets into the Big Apple for nightclub appearance She is a busy mum  Working it! Nicole Murphy displays her flawless figure in a sports bra as she she exercises in the heat She paired her colorful bra with tight trousers Karrueche Tran flaunts her bodacious behind in nude-colored thong bikini for fun-filled beach day in Miami It was all fun in the sun for Karrueche, 28 All star abs! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably flat stomach while rocking sporty sweatsuit She always has a winning look Sealed with an 'H'! Meghan Markle steps out wearing ANOTHER piece of jewellery with Prince Harry's initial on after the royal flew out for Easter with her SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Royal charity splits with Charles's 'Steel Magnolia' divorce lawyer  Fiona Shackleton  Makeup-free Amy Adams looks relaxed in casual chic as she enjoys day out with husband and daughter She recently ran the gamut of the awards  All bundled up! Hilary Duff throws denim jacket over colorful hoodie out and about in New York City She didn't take any chances BGT contestant Jess Robinson shocks Simon Cowell as she flawlessly impersonates Cheryl in incredible audition  Shocked Simon and wowed the audience Miami mami! Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her tiny waist and bodacious booty in a thong bikini as she makes a splash with Little Mix in Florida Katie Price opts for bold sunglasses and fluffy slippers as she enjoys day out in the sun with a friend Can't get enough of the sunshine Abs-olutely fabulous! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts trim pins and incredible abs in a tiny black bikini Kiwi-born beauty made her debut last year She's picture perfect! Ryan Reynolds takes candid snaps of wife Blake Lively including VERY close up shot of her chest On a tropical holiday 'My daughter can't stand to be around her f***ing father!': Mama June has a showdown with Sugar Bear and his new wife 'I'm always kind of curious': Robert Pattinson admits he is interested in reprising his role as Edward Cullen in a 'radical' Twilight spin-off 'It was chaos': Warren Beatty on THAT Oscars mix up, whether You're So Vain is really about him and the claim he's slept with 13,000 women Now for a drink! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick visit Malibu's Soho House after a day with their three kids Officially outnumbered Angelina Jolie 'splashes out $25 million' on a sprawling Hollywood estate with six bedrooms and 10 bathrooms... as she moves on from Brad Pitt 'I miss his laughter': Elvis Presley's ex-wife Priscilla reflects on the singer 40 years after his death... and claims The King would NEVER have been on Facebook 'We couldn't be happier!' Jeff Goldblum, 64, and wife Emilie Livingston, 34, proudly announce birth of baby boy Married three years ago Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off MAJOR cleavage as she tries out a daring new bra in playful video clip An eye-popping display for the followers 'You look like an egghead': Christine Lampard jibes Les Dennis as he shaves his head live on Loose Women ahead of his new musical role SPOILER ALERT: Numerous rappers surprise fans as it's announced they are set to take the stage at Coachella Kicked off on Friday Jennifer Aniston's half-brother AJ pictured trudging around with new girlfriend after 'abandoning' two children... as Friends star parades around Paris on luxury trip Shirtless Mark Wright shows off his rippling six-pack and bulging biceps as he works up a sweat on a jog in LA Mrs Wright is one lucky woman 'Good vibes only!' Lucy Hale brightens up hr morning in a tank top and leggings as she enjoys an iced coffee Her tank top sported the legend Good Vibes Only Look away, Pippa! Vogue Williams posts ANOTHER sizzling underwear snap as Middleton bans the sexy model from her wedding Future sister-in-laws? Natalie Portman looks slim and trim as she enjoys a hike... just two months after giving birth to daughter Amelia Already back to her pre-baby body? Take her to Church: 'Dominatrix' Charlotte parades her curvaceous figure in a very skimpy leotard and thigh-high boots for sex-themed performance 'You wouldn't stop calling!' Matthew Rhys first tried to woo now girlfriend Keri Russell 16 years ago... but she thought he was a 'buffoon' 'Everything is going to be ok!': Sandra Bullock donates $5000 to Beverly Hills Hotel's former pool manager after he falls on hard times Blac Chyna flashes her abs in form-fitting crop top as she steps out with a mystery male friend... after reuniting with Rob Kardashian It's reportedly back on 'I feel blessed to be here': Emotional Lisa Riley dresses up as a Easter bunny to deliver gifts to poorly children during heartbreaking hospital visit 'Sick' Kim Kardashian attends premiere of The Promise but 'doesn't stay for the movie about the Armenian genocide after being taken unwell' Made an early exit 'She's the best parts of the both of us': Chrissy Teigen shares beautiful family portrait for daughter Luna's first birthday It's been one year st. Is that you, Hugh? Madame Tussauds in China unveils waxwork of Wolverine actor Jackman with bizarre GINGER bouffant hairstyle He's Proud-lock of those abs: Made In Chelsea's Ollie works on his tan as he holidays in Miami with his bikini-clad girlfriend Emma Louise Connolly 'No makeup no filters!' Busy Philipps and Michelle Williams show off their natural beauty in glowing selfie It was a very touching caption 'Life is not a movie set!' Rob Lowe's sons Matthew and John Owen tell Ellen about life with their 'manchild' father He got an earful from his two boys Chocolate, pizza, chips and ice cream! Michelle Heaton shows off her rock hard abs in a crop top after enjoying an 'epic treat day' Former Liberty X singer New mother Alex Jones left 'genuinely angry' as fake topless pictures of TV presenter are leaked online She's in the early days of new motherhood Stylish pair! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are a team in jeans and bomber jacket The 40-year-old and the 22-year-old beamed 'An incredible mother:' Heath Ledger's sister Kate praises Michelle Williams for raising daughter Matilda in a 'wonderful environment' You've been framed: Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa wears statement glasses and figure-hugging dress as she touches down at LA airport Très chic! Jennifer Aniston keeps casually cool in long-line camel coat and shades as she enjoys a shopping trip with Justin Theroux in Paris Super size Megan! Miss Fox takes over Manhattan and stretches across Central Park in larger than life new ad The new face  Instagram mummy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter Nutella She enjoyed the spread Cheers to us! Ted Danson, 69, and wife of 22 years Mary Steenburgen enjoy romantic beach vacation in Hawaii They looked very relaxed Blonde bombshell! Model Natalie Roser poses in a VERY skimpy bikini as she celebrates the weekend by hitting the beach  Enviable figure Who needs boys? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows Chris Clark what he's missing as she hits Miami in a bikini amid claims TOWIE star 'dumped her by phone' Lily-Rose Depp rocks a retro Kiss tee as she jets back to LA with beau Ash Stymest after cosy break in Paris A cosy break in Paris, France Hot Legs! Rod Stewart, 71, looks proud as punch as Penny Lancaster, 46, flaunts her toned pins in ripped shorts during a family day out in Beverly Hills TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong displays sensational gym-honed frame in skimpy orange bikini as she gets cosy with hunky beau Daniel Spiller in Dubai EXCLUSIVE 'Summer romance is definitely on the cards': Tallia Storm, 18, moves on from Brooklyn Beckham with a mystery older man in LA Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take turns to spend time with their children... as it emerges they have both asked for joint custody in divorce papers 'You are so perfect': Shirtless Justin Bieber sends fans into meltdown as he displays his new chest tattoos in latest social media selfie So she DOES eat McDonald's! Gwyneth's Goop lifestyle site issues readers with advice on what to order at fast food chains (but there's no fries...) That's a Lott of colour! Pink-haired Pixie shows off her vibrant hair as she leaves TV studios... after unveiling new music video for latest single Baby 'I've recorded my character's death': Peter Capaldi confirms he's filmed his final Doctor Who scenes... as he describes the show as a 'TV factory' Babewatch! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample assets and toned tummy in a skimpy red bikini as she hits the beach in the Seychelles  Mama-ste! Lea Thompson and daughter Zoey Deutch hold hands on their way to yoga They have an unbreakable family bond and both love of acting 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles Mel B steps out in sporty ensemble in LA amid bitter divorce battle with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte Sporty Spice Newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her toned curves in a striped bikini as she hits the pool in LA amid split from from tiler boyfriend Former TOWIE star That's not a selfie, THIS is a selfie! Jason Momoa channels his inner Crocodile Dundee while posing with fans at Bluesfest Byron Bay A big hit with the fans Jemma Lucy flaunts surgically-enhanced assets in skimpy bra and plunging playsuit as she cosies up to 'ex-girlfriend' Chantelle Connelly for night out 'Youth is wasted on the young!' Lily Collins flaunts her toned legs in skinny jeans as she steps out with bold message emblazoned on her camo jacket Leggy Natalie Portman hides her post-pregnancy figure in chic knitted coat as she enjoys romantic stroll with husband Benjamin Millepied First class disguise! Katy Perry hides her head behind enormous envelope... before delivering the goods by revealing her famous features Little Mix's Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a plunging white bikini top as she hits the pool in Miami with her bandmates on a rare day off Diane Kruger commands attention in bright red blazer and patchwork jeans as she makes glamorous laundry run in New York She's only human Ellie Goulding opts for understated style as she leaves New York hotel with Team GB boyfriend Casper Jopling New boyfriend 'We're here in paradise!' Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her age defying figure in minidress as she arrives for Dominican Republic gig Love Island's Olivia Buckland shows some serious cleavage in a low-cut top as she hits the town with fiancé Alex Bowen Still going strong Painting the town red! Bianca Gascoigne oozes sex appeal as she flaunts her busty assets and toned legs in plunging keyhole gown for night out 'He had just two hours' sleeps a night for YEARS': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary of actor's life is set to premiere 'I see the kids doing these kind of pics so...': Kathy Griffin, 56, looks ageless as she poses TOPLESS in a bid to keep up with the youngsters Now you can glow like Chrissy Teigen! The model teamed up with Becca Cosmetics on a gorgeous palette you'll want to wear every day this summer It's had a Bake Over! Paul Hollywood, Sandi Toksvig, Noel Fielding and Prue Leith cosy up in FIRST official photo from Channel 4's new GBBO Charli XCX looks kooky in an oversized pyjama-style two-piece and tinted specs as she attends 2017 SESAC Pop Awards Loose-fitting look Her little star! Pregnant Danielle Lloyd cradles her blossoming baby bump in a patterned onesie as she pops to the store for a morning grocery run Baby on board! Rugby star Sam Burgess dotes over newborn daughter Poppy with wife Phoebe during casual outing Hoopin' it up! Jimmy Fallon plays basketball as he films Saturday Night Live skit in NYC ahead of hosting first live coast-to-coast show ever Russell Crowe, 53, keeps it casual in a black T-shirt and jeans as he watches South Sydney Rabbitohs lose to the Canterbury Bulldogs  From Chelsea to California: Kimberley Garner shows off her toned tum in a cropped vest as she hits the beach in Santa Monica with her pet pooch   'He had the biggest heart in the world': Paul Walker's brother Cody discusses taking over the late actor's charity following his tragic death in 2013 Plane stunning! Chrissy Teigen shows off her lean legs with heavily ripped jeans and stylish wrap knit as she touches down in Los Angeles Un beau derrière! Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at in Paris Daddy cool! Bradley Cooper sports thick beard and blue shades in first public outing since becoming a father Welcomed his first child this month 'Baby Eric is scared of me': Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden reveals Simon Cowell's son, 3, hasn't taken to her very well  He knows what he likes 'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Like high school again... Meet the millennial Sloanes! How the Chelsea set have swapped pearls and parties for catwalk careers (and you don't need to be posh) 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'coparenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling In Calabasas with her former flame What a swell guy! Chris Hemsworth poses for selfies with fans after the Thor: Ragnarok actor enjoys a Good Friday surf in Byron Bay Hollywood star  EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's brother Cody claims Fast And The Furious 9 'WILL be filmed and set in Australia' 'Long overdue,' he says It begins! Kylie Jenner is among the first to arrive ahead of Coachella as she steps off her private jet in Palm Springs Here she comes Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  No wonder Pippa didn't want Vogue at her wedding! Spencer Matthews' girlfriend Williams shares revealing photo showing off her figure  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying physique in dazzling white bikini as she shares snaps from sun-drenched family holiday Looking good Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cosy up at The Promise premiere Lookalikes? 'She reminds me of Tana': Gordon Ramsay has a floor-to-ceiling picture of CINDY CRAWFORD in his home because he's convinced wife is a doppelgänger Bounced back quick! Amanda Seyfried shows off slim frame just three weeks after giving birth to baby girl Proud to show off her slender frame  'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   It's Britney, beach! 'OMG - it's about Haylor!' Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to fling with Taylor Swift Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte That's a bold look! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts incredibly tiny waist and lean legs in skimpy frock Model looks 'It was nice to see Ashley!' John Middleton makes shock return to Emmerdale despite death... as onscreen wife Charlotte Bellamy talks emotional scenes 'Miami with this little sort': Jesy Nelson shows ex Chris Clark what he's missing as she frolics in bra with Little Mix bandmate Perrie Edwards 'Under proofed': Sceptical viewers unimpressed with first photo of C4's Bake Off line-up as one likens Noel and Sandi to a 'single mum and son'  Sheer-ly amazing! Glamorous Julianne Moore wows in see-through lace as she attends a photo exhibit in New York 70 years of Cannes Derriere on full display! Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination in tiny bikini bottoms with strapless top in Miami Beach babe. He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' She's been keeping secrets New hair do care! Malin Akerman reveals new dark hair colour on Rampage set with Jeffrey Dean Morgan Billions actress has a new do Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  'Kill em all (with love)': Anwar Hadid makes a peaceful tweak to his Metallica hoodie as he heads to dinner with family and girlfriend Nicola Peltz 'My cutie!' Proud mother Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with her beloved daughter North West Tender moment  Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla Looked stylish in an elegant suit LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary How romantic 'He would be up for it': Tommy Cannon, 78, has been hotly tipped for Strictly Come Dancing's new series... meaning he would be the 'oldest ever' celebrity on show Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Coachella vibes! Model Shanina Shaik shares throwback snap of herself wearing cheeky denim cut-offs and shaggy jacket at iconic California music festival Strutting her stuff! VS Angel Taylor Hill shows off model figure in white tank top as she arrives at LAX ahead of Coachella music festival Festival vibes 'WHY ARE WE ALWAYS YELLING!?' Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson trade barbs in VERY profane teaser for The Hitman's Bodyguard Julianne Hough gets the full VIP treatment at a nail salon in Beverly Hills as she cuts a slim figure in dark skinny jeans A little me time Come here often? Basic Instinct star Sharon Stone gets chatted up by male customer as she gets nails done Pamper party Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic top and glam metallic trousers for date night after another hit performance in Carousel Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Academy Award winner Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Controversial TV appearance in 2015 'Cinema with baby bae': Sallie Axl's nine-month-old daughter Savannah-Blue sips on coca-cola and tucks into nachos for her first big screen visit Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts Shimmering 'First time swimming with mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap from baby Caben Albi's first trip to pool... as Jeremy McConnell continues rehab  Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has £450 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  Expensive habit 'Fitness infiltrated my life': Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in bikini 'You made us proud': Caitlyn Jenner sends well-wishes to transgender Survivor contestant Zeke Smith after the reality star is outed Flawless! Charlize Theron stuns in thigh-skimming mini dress as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live Wild thing in a bold pattern Sharp dressed man! Matthew McConaughey and his 80s retro mustache get a visit from wife Camila on Ohio set of new movie Getting into character 'I was a centimetre away from being completely paralysed': Charlize Theron reveals near-horrific injury on the set of Aeon Flux  Terrifying incident Timeless beauty! Actress Rose Byrne dons a chic monochrome look at panel event for TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks Nothing's changed! Keith Urban's UNSEEN 1982 high school class photo sees the country singer sporting boyish looks and signature long locks Late Carrie Fisher fondly remembered in touching tribute clip at Star Wars Celebration convention in Orlando A video released for Florida convention 'It was a difficult habit to break': Hayden Christensen returns to Star Wars Celebration for first time in 15 years... and reveals his biggest shame 'Oh haiiii there handsome': Lewis Bloor sandwiches himself between reality beauties... as he appears to take a swipe at Marnie Simpson  Her breast assets! Justin Bieber's rumoured ex Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS while riding a quad bike and dancing with a female pal 'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Two big banks announce higher than expected profits By Kevin Dugan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 13, 2017 | 11:14pm Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: corporate earnings Twitter shares tank as revenue growth stalls Buffalo Wild Wings' Q4 profits plummet over 38 percent Facebook surpasses Wall Street's expectations in earnings Apple's sales surge past analyst expectations Two of the country’s largest banks — JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup — said Thursday they had a solid first quarter, while a third, Wells Fargo, continued to struggle. JPMorgan Chase boss Jamie Dimon said that the rest of the year will likely be a “sausage-making” period for President Trump’s business-friendly agenda and that he didn’t expect the process to be easy. “You all should expect as a given that, when you have a new president and they get going, that the nine months after the first 100 days are a sausage-making period,” he said during a Thursday analyst call discussing the bank’s first-quarter earnings. “To expect there to be smooth sailing, that would be silly,” said Dimon, who’s also the head of the Washington lobbying group Business Roundtable. The comments came after JPMorgan reported a 17 percent rise in profit for its first quarter, driven primarily by more trading. The Wall Street bank made $6.45 billion in profit from January to March, or $1.65 a share. That was better than the $1.52 a share that analysts had predicted. Shares of JPMorgan, amid a broader market sell-off, fell 1.2 percent, to $84.40. Citigroup reported a 17 percent boost in profit, to $4.09 billion, or $1.35 a share, beating expectations. Analysts had expected $1.24. The profit increase at Michael Corbat’s bank came thanks to a boost in bond trading, spurred by a rise in interest rates. Revenue came in at $18.1 billion, compared with the $17.8 billion Wall Street expected. Citi’s shares slipped 47 cents, to $58.04. At Wells Fargo, customers have still not returned after a 2016 phony account scandal singed its reputation. The scandal-ridden bank admitted Thursday that it saw drastic declines in new applications for credit cards and checking accounts, two key products that were at the center of Wells’ cross-selling controversy. Credit-card applications plunged by 42 percent, to 200,000, during the first three months of the year, the bank said in its earnings release. New checking account applications fell by 35 percent, to 400,000. Wells on Thursday reported a profit of $5.46 billion, or $1 a share, about flat with last year. It beats forecasts of 97 cents. The tepid results sent shares tumbling 3.3 percent, to $51.35. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under banking ,  banks ,  citigroup ,  corporate earnings ,  jpmorgan chase ,  profit ,  stock market ,  stocks ,  wall street ,  wells fargo Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Abbott failed to reveal pacemaker defect: FDA Read Next Abbott failed to reveal pacemaker defect: FDA Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 21,996 'Police impersonator' messes with the wrong guy 20,868 Why I won't date hot women anymore 15,980 CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party Now On Sonja Morgan can’t seem to escape Tipsy Girl drama Director James Gray ‘has no ill will’ toward Harvey Weinstein CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party SEE ALL Video What To Watch This Weekend, No Matter Your Mood More Stories pagesix CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party Now On Decider Sex On Netflix: Did You Know That Netflix Has A “Steamy” Section? nypost 'Police impersonator' messes with the wrong guy New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Trader Extra Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Despite some negatives, including a recent earnings warning for the first quarter, the stock looks inexpensive. By Andrew Bary Biography April 15, 2017 12:08 a.m. ET The flip side to investor infatuation with Tesla (ticker: TSLA) is the distaste for Ford Motor (F) and General Motors (GM). Ford shares, at $11.11, are just above a 52-week low, after falling 15% in the past year. Despite some negatives,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Good News and Bad News for Netflix Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Why Tesla’s Cars Cost 50% More in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Alibaba Has a $20 Billion Cloud Opportunity Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bill Gross: Stocks Rest on Faulty Foundation Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 5 Companies to Watch This Earnings Season Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc (LL) Receives $12.86 Average PT from Analysts Analysts Set United Technologies Co. (UTX) Target Price at $116.15 Brokerages Set City Office REIT Inc (CIO) Target Price at $14.63 Analysts Set Centene Corp (CNC) Target Price at $77.40 Analysts Set Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) PT at $4.13 Embraer SA (ERJ) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 NVR (NVR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Photronics (PLAB) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.09 Rent-A-Center (RCII) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) to Announce $1.30 Earnings Per Share Northbridge Industrial Services Plc (NBI) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Patterson-UTI Energy (PTEN) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Effect Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ) Stock Price LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Expected to Announce Earnings of $2.29 Per Share LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Receives $66.10 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) PT at $63.74 Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29 Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.24 Analysts Set Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) PT at $4.13 April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (NYSE:TOO) have received a consensus rating of “Hold” from the six brokerages that are presently covering the stock. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have given a hold recommendation and one has given a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $4.13. A number of equities analysts have commented on TOO shares. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $8.00 price target on shares of Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. FMR LLC boosted its position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. by 15.8% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 13,278,697 shares of the company’s stock valued at $67,190,000 after buying an additional 1,808,014 shares during the period. Rovida Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. during the third quarter valued at about $9,465,000. Luminus Management LLC acquired a new position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter valued at about $6,813,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. by 8,768,120.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,315,233 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,312,000 after buying an additional 1,315,218 shares during the period. Finally, Advisory Research Inc. boosted its position in Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. by 4.1% in the fourth quarter. Advisory Research Inc. now owns 18,539,198 shares of the company’s stock valued at $93,809,000 after buying an additional 727,931 shares during the period. 54.20% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (NYSE:TOO) traded up 0.37% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $5.47. The company had a trading volume of 439,154 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $5.10 and a 200-day moving average of $5.56. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. has a 12-month low of $4.06 and a 12-month high of $7.25. The stock’s market capitalization is $806.90 million. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (NYSE:TOO) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.15 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $274.92 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $275.56 million. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. had a positive return on equity of 18.41% and a negative net margin of 0.88%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 18.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.62 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. will post $1.08 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be paid a $0.11 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. This represents a $0.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 8.04%. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -141.93%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Analysts Set Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) PT at $4.13” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/analysts-set-teekay-offshore-partners-l-p-too-pt-at-4-13.html. About Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. is a provider of marine transportation, oil production, storage, long-distance towing and offshore installation and maintenance and safety services to the offshore oil industry in North Sea, Brazil and the East Coast of Canada. The Company operates shuttle tankers; towage vessels; floating, production, storage and off-loading (FPSO) units; floating storage and off-take (FSO) units; units for maintenance and safety (UMS); long-distance towing and offshore installation vessels, and conventional crude oil tankers. Receive News & Ratings for Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 15 April 2017 JPMorgan attempts to regain mortgage footing by david henry Bank hopes to bring back customers, influence via advertising NEW YORK: After having to stomach US$31bil worth of bitter mortgage settlements with government agencies a few years ago, JPMorgan Chase & Co swore off a huge swath of the home loan market. Gone were borrowers with anything much less than pristine credit ratings. The cost of managing delinquent accounts and the threat of huge legal penalties were written off as not worth the risk. Better instead to focus on wealthier customers who wanted jumbo-sized loans that are beyond the reach of government housing finance agencies. But there was a problem: Chase was leaving behind many of its mass market customers who were going to competitors for the conventional and government-guaranteed loans they wanted. Now, the bank’s management team, led by chief executive Jamie Dimon (pic), is working fiercely to change course hoping to not only bring back customers, but influence what could be a reshaping of US mortgage finance policy for the first time in a generation. Customers will soon start seeing signs of this effort. Next month, Chase plans to launch advertising featuring Drew and Jonathan Scott, stars of the popular reality “Property Brothers” shows. In addition to TV spots, the campaign will feature cardboard cutouts of the telegenic twins in Chase branches. Chase is also in the process of boosting its mortgage lending force by 10%, upgrading its loan-making software and jazzing up its smartphone app with more mortgage account tools. At the moment, fewer than one in 10 Chase customers with home loans got them directly from Chase, a situation consumer banking chief Gordon Smith recently described as “terrible.” “It is time to go after the opportunity we have with our own customers,” Mike Weinbach, the bank’s mortgage chief, said in a recent interview with Reuters. JPMorgan Chase is not the only major bank that is restless after having stepped back from the US mortgage market in the aftermath of the housing crisis last decade. At Bank of America Corp, executives say they are no more content with fewer than two in 10 of their customers with mortgage loans having borrowed from their bank. Mortgage companies such as Quicken, Caliber and loanDepot.com scooped up much of the business from battered banks. JPMorgan’s US$31bil cost of 13 mortgage-related legal settlements was second only to Bank of America’s US$71bil, according to data collected by bank analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Still, JPMorgan’s mortgage retreat stands out because the bank has used its scale and financial strength to gobble up market share in many other businesses, from credit cards and deposit-taking to commercial lending and Wall Street banking. In backing away, JPMorgan saw its market share of conventional mortgages that are small enough to be resold to government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac fall by half, according to data from Inside Mortgage Finance. Its share of all mortgage loans made directly by lenders fell to 2.8% last year from 12.6% in 2011. Logically, it should be close to Chase’s 8.3% of share of retail deposits, said Guy Cecala, CEO of Inside Mortgage Finance. Chase opted to go after better-off borrowers who took out so-called jumbo loans in excess of the Fannie and Freddie limit, which then was US$417,000 in most parts of the United States. Last year, jumbos were 49% of all loans Chase made, up from 14% in 2013. But jumbos account for only 18% of US mortgages. By turning from bigger parts of the market, JPMorgan was hurting its wider consumer franchise. That could be costly if it persists. Customers without Chase mortgages are twice as likely to leave as those who have them from the bank, Weinbach said. And, checking and savings account customers who get their home loans from Chase tend to add to their deposits. Management’s effort to swing back may already be bearing some fruit. JPMorgan said on Thursday that it made US$9bil of home loans directly to customers in the first quarter, 3% more than in the same period a year earlier. Chase’s shift comes amid crosscurrents in the mortgage market. The latest wave of loans for refinancing is abating as interest rates rise. That has reduced revenue across the industry. But bank executives also see other conditions improving. Federal housing agencies have been loosening policies to help middle America get access to more credit. The millennial generation has also begun reaching the nesting age, leading to a new crop of home buyers. The GSEs have already adjusted some rules to be less financially threatening to lenders. For instance, they dropped a demand that banks take back loans that default after three years unless there has been fraud. Dimon sees a chance to get more relief from the government. This month he used four pages of his annual letter to shareholders to outline more changes he wants to see. He expressed particular concern about a bank’s costs and liability when loans it underwrites default. Current rules have made lenders so cautious that they have not funded an additional US$300bil to US$500bil of loans for home purchases in each of the last five years, JPMorgan analysts estimate. The cost to the economy, they believe, has been one third of a percentage point of annual growth. “If that number is right, shame on us,” Dimon told reporters on the bank’s post-earnings conference call on Thursday. “We should have done something about that. And, it can be done very quickly.” – Reuters Tags / Keywords: JP Morgan , banking property Related Stories Related Stories JPMorgan upgrades Indonesian stocks to ‘neutral’ after row Why Barclays CEO Staley opted for war when Dimon chose surrender JPMorgan succession poser JPMorgan in talks to exit China joint venture JP Morgan Asset warns on US inflation You May Be Interested SP Setia’s mega acquisition NetX bets on payment solutions Palm oil falls to 6-month low on strengthening ringgit Employers grapple with rising costs and EIS Pedalling to save the planet Siew yoke loves briyani Others Also Read Know all about colorectal cancer Alonso's Indy 500 plan is 'barking mad', says Horner Etihad Airways turns plane around for elderly couple to visit dying grandson Property Related advertisement Latest News Facebook shareholders propose reports on ‘fake news’, pay equality Asian economies escape 'manipulator' tag, but expect more pressure on trade New Chinese owners of Italy's AC Milan football club to invest in stadium Abbott agrees to buy Alere at lower price of US$5.3bil from earlier offer Palm oil falls to 6-month low on strengthening ringgit Most Viewed in Business Wanted: More high-quality investments SP Setia’s mega acquisition Maybank to list Etiqa? New Chinese owners of Italy's AC Milan football club to invest in stadium What’s going on in MUI? Thriven explains Bukit Tunku land sale Dream come true for Liverpool fans Nintendo seen releasing mini-size Switch in 2019 Eye on stock: Lion Industries Ringgit closes firmer against major currencies, KLCI slumps advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad ALEX BRUMMER remembers a time when you had to reach way back into corporate history to find case studies of corporate idiocy By Alex Brummer for the Daily Mail Published: 16:46 EDT, 14 April 2017 | Updated: 19:03 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail 4 View comments These days few self-respecting business people rise to the top of major corporations without that ultimate accolade, the Master of Business Administration (MBA). The ultimate prize shared by such bigwigs as Jamie Dimon of JP Morgan and Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook is an MBA from the Harvard Business School. But as a new book, The Golden Passport, by the American writer Duff McDonald, argues, an MBA course may be terrific at telling people how to make money quickly but is hopeless at creating better capitalism alert to social issues, ethics and the environment. A key lesson from boardroom fiascos is that unless the executive gets on top of the issue within the first 24 hours they generally are doomed There was a time when you had to reach way back into corporate history to find case studies (a key part of business school teaching) of corporate idiocy and neglect. In 1984 the US chemical company Union Carbide and its boss Warren Anderson were slow off the mark to deal with the deadly Bhopal explosion in India and the company paid the ultimate price when Union collapsed and executives were prosecuted. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Santander fobs off fraud victims in just 24 hours: We expose... How to be a successful investor: Get your free guide to... Have you got an unsafe car? As an investigation reveals more... When will interest rates move? Inflation respite forecast to... Share this article Share Closer to home, retailer Gerald Ratner never recovered from his description of the jewellery sold in his shops as ‘total crap’. The shining example of how to deal with crisis was Johnson & Johnson in 1992 after shop displays of its market leading painkiller Tylenol were contaminated by cyanide. Chairman James Burke immediately ordered shelves across the US be cleared of Tylenol, refunded customers who had bought the painkiller and apologised. A relaunch only took place when the company was satisfied it had developed tamper-proof packaging. Lloyds Bank had to be forced to offer an extra £100m of compensation to business victims of fraud at its Reading branch inherited from HBOS. Over the last week all manner of corporate ineptitude has come to light. The lauded chief executive of Barclays, Jes Staley, found himself on the naughty step for using the bank’s own security staff and federal agencies in the US to try to track down a whistleblower. Lloyds Bank had to be dragged kicking and screaming to offer an extra £100m of compensation to business victims of fraud at its Reading branch inherited from HBOS.  Most startling of all were the horrific scenes from the United Airlines plane in Chicago where Dr David Dao was dragged bleeding and screaming from an overbooked flight. Suffice it to say that Oscar Munoz, the chief executive of United Airlines since the 2010 merger with Continental These and incidents such as Wells Fargo’s shadow accounts for customers, designed to boost bonuses, and Harriet Green’s clumsy handling of child deaths on a Thomas Cook holiday in Greece show the cloth ears of trained executives who should know better. Suffice it to say that Oscar Munoz, the chief executive of United Airlines since the 2010 merger with Continental, has a degree in business from the University of Southern California and an MBA from Pepperdine University. It is possible to make excuses for Munoz on the grounds that he is a victim of technology in the shape of the smartphones which recorded Dao being removed. Maybe it is something about the bubble in which many chief executives live that they have not understood how bad decisions can go viral. As damaging as the event itself was the response of the ‘friendly’ airline United to the whole affair. There was a wooden, corporate-style semi-apology and justification. This was compounded when Munoz emailed staff in support of their actions. The email was an own goal because of the speed with which it leaked. That Munoz didn’t consider the possibility that, in the age of social media, it would quickly emerge is odd. Munoz may have done an extraordinary job of squeezing costs at United but the fall in the share price, the reputational damage, the ethical shortcomings in putting out two different messages to different stakeholders and millions in compensation claims will make his position untenable. The simple phrase the ‘customer is always right’ would have served far better than an MBA. The correct response would have been a fulsome apology to the passenger, an immediate suspension of all the staff involved, over-generous compensation to every traveller on the plane and maybe some gesture towards passengers across the whole network. A key lesson from boardroom fiascos is that unless the executive gets on top of the issue within the first 24 hours they generally are doomed. John Stumpf of Wells Fargo thought he could battle it out before a Senate committee but emerged so damaged he had to go. How Jes Staley or Lloyds’ Antonio Horta- Osorio would come out of hearings before the Treasury Select Committee is hard to know. They could ask former deputy governor of the Bank of England Charlotte Hogg for advice on what not to do.   Share or comment on this article e-mail Eggcellent! Cadbury's new £75 million robots are making... Credit Suisse boss executive bonus cut by 40% in fat cat... North Korean war threat fears spark selling spree across... BHS staff to share £1 MILLION due to ‘complete failure to... ALEX BRUMMER remembers a time when you had to reach way... BIG SHOT OF THE WEEK: Twice over billionaire and founder... The Daily Briefing: Consumer prices fell by the largest... I got a brand new 12-sided £1 coin in my change but it's... Have you got an unsafe car? As an investigation reveals... Why that 2p in your purse could be worth £1,400: The... I lost an old phone on holiday, but because I didn't... It's not all outrageous tour reps and beer... How good is your phone and broadband company? New tool... If I have a smart meter fitted will I be charged more for... Is it illegal to pay a handyman cash in hand for work I'm... Sterling rallies after Donald Trump blames himself for... Santander fobs off fraud victims in just 24 hours: We... NS&I's long-awaited three-year savings bond launches... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 4 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Free trades to 30 April Exchange traded funds - (ETFs). Terms apply Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS Is it illegal to pay a handyman cash in hand for work I'm getting done over Easter and will I be covered if it all goes pear-shaped? Brexit concerns could cost the UK motor industry £6.5bn New car buyers will look to cut back, study says. Graphene is once more tempting investors - here's how to profit Miracle material for bendy phones to curing diseases. We expose loopholes that may explain why so many of Santander's customers are being hit by fraud Bank fobs off victims in just 24 hours. NS&I slammed over new bond which pays a miserly £6 a year more interest than next best deals Banks lost my £350 donation to a charity for orphaned children and won't help me find it ASK TONY. Digital bank Atom slashes five-year fixed rates to record low of 1.29% in unprecedented move Now that's a mortgage price war! Millions charged more interest on student loans from September as some rates hit 6.1%... - - almost DOUBLE the rate of UK inflation. I lent my dad £8,000 but he's refusing to pay me back and says I'll have to wait until he dies... - even though he's just bought a holiday and a new car! Price comparison sites hiding top energy rates Websites warned over pushing deals they are paid to promote. Secure Trust Bank's latest offering pays 1.85% fixed for two years New bond promises a top rate. Pensioner, 79, has £1k of payments clawed back after his pension scheme makes an admin blunder How do you fight errors that aren't your fault? NS&I's long-awaited three-year savings bond launches paying 2.2 per cent But will it be enough to excite hard-pressed savers? Our dozy fraud watchdog is letting big banks off the hook and failing innocent victims DAN HYDE. How will Brexit really affect Britain's property market? SARAH DAVIDSON crunches the numbers behind house prices and forecasts Remastered original-style Minis with modern features including touchscreens and keyless ignition to sell for over £50,000 Mini makeover. Now Ford motors into the savings market alongside Renault's RCI Would you like a cash Isa with your Fiesta? House price inflation accelerated in February to highest level in four months, official figures show ONS. MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Palm oil producer DekelOil offers healthy future for investors MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as governments look to upgrade creaking infrastructure across the globe MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Good times roll as carpet maker Victoria's shares soar by 59% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Fidelity Asian Values - the all-singing, all-dancing trust that sticks to a winning formula MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Investors clean up as our tip Johnson rises 501% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Affordable homes builder MJ Gleeson lifted by Generation Brexit MIDAS BOND TIP: Care home charity Greensleeves to fund expansion with £30m retail bond offering 4.25% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Compensation shake-up set to boost adviser Frenkel Topping which helps victims of terrible accidents MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Treatt's strategy bears fruit MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property trust LXI builds on solid foundations as it gears up for stock market float MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Inspired Energy can thrive by helping firms cut bills         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success BROOKS MACDONALD DEFENSIVE CAPITAL: 'I'm waiting for the next crisis to deliver my absolute returns,' says manager MITON UK MULTI CAP INCOME: Driving force behind top fund thinks small for big returns MAN GLG JAPAN COREALPHA: Forget New York...it's York that's attracting the yen THE MERCHANTS TRUST: The fund which has managed 34 years of dividend increases WITAN INVESTMENT TRUST: The fund that builds an orchestra of leading investment firms to manage its assets         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Five-year mortgage fix slashed to record 1.29%   New retro Mini models to sell for more than £50k   My dad is refusing to pay back the £8k I lent him   Best investment asset classes of the last 20 years   How Brexit will affect Britain's property market   Five tricks to boost your Avios points pot Latest from Markets ALEX BRUMMER remembers a time when you had to reach way back into corporate history to find case studies of corporate idiocy BIG SHOT OF THE WEEK: Twice over billionaire and founder of hedge fund Elliott, Paul Singer The Daily Briefing: Consumer prices fell by the largest amount in more than 2 years, pushed by decline in price of petrol BHS staff to share £1 MILLION due to ‘complete failure to consult’ staff before dismissal Eggcellent! Cadbury's new £75 million robots are making your Easter eggs at its Bournville factory Credit Suisse boss executive bonus cut by 40% in fat cat row, after shareholder criticism North Korean war threat fears spark selling spree across Asian markets as stocks fall, Yen rises IN THE MONEY: Richard Pennycook, former boss, Co-op, pocketed £2.4m despite the company's £132m loss Sterling rallies after Donald Trump blames himself for making the dollar 'too strong' US growth spurt boosts profits at US investment banks JPMorgan and Citi as markets cheer President Trump MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Earnings Season's Back: Stocks With Big Upside Matt Hogan   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 14, 2017 3:31pm   Comments Share: Earnings Season - Q1'17 Three major banks reported earnings before the market opened on Thursday and officially kicked off the start of the Q1'17 earnings season. JPMorgan Chae & Co. (NYSE: JPM) and Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) both beat their revenue and EPS estimates while Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE: WFC) beat its EPS estimate but missed on revenues by $310 million. All three stocks, however, traded lower Thursday afternoon. Investor sentiment has weakened in recent weeks as President Trump has been unable to get key parts of his economic agenda in motion. The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta also recently cut its Q1'17 GDP growth estimate to 0.6 percent (down from 2.1 percent in Q4'16). As a result, investors are cautiously waiting for Q1'17 earnings to roll out as the early year stock rally has recently stalled. According to Reuters, Wall Street expects S&P 500 member companies to grow their profits by 10% which would be its highest level in over two years. This figure will likely need to be reached or surpassed in order for the market to regain its upward momentum. Four Undervalued Stocks Reporting This Week There are over 281 companies expected to report earnings next week (4/17 - 4/21) where finbox.io calculates a fair value estimate and only a few appear to be fundamentally undervalued. Our intrinsic value data shows that only four companies have a low uncertainty rating and 20% or more upside: Syntel, Inc. (NASDAQ: SYNT), Skechers USA Inc (NYSE: SKX), USG Corporation (NYSE: USG) and Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT). Syntel is expected to report earnings on Thursday (4/20) before the market opens. The company's shares are trading near their 52 week low in the face of declining revenues and margins. However, these headwinds appear to be fully priced in leaving a nice margin of safety before earnings. Nine separate analyses imply that the stock is over 35% undervalued while Wall Street's consensus price target of $21.20 implies 25 percent upside. View all nine valuation models that derive SYNT's fair value estimate. Skechers is expected to report earnings on Wednesday (4/19) after the market closes. The footwear company's stock has fallen over 50 percent since its August 2015 high of $51 per share as revenue growth has decelerated. On March 24th, Cowen upgraded shares to outperform and raised its price target from $25 to $35 noting Skecher's international wholesale growth. The new price target and bullish outlook is supported by the nine fundamental analyses below. View all nine valuation models that derive SKX's fair value estimate. USG is expected to report earnings on Wednesday (4/19) before the market opens. Recently, the company's stock has fallen slightly on concerns about President Trump's stimulus promises. However, shares look very attractive on a long-term fundamental basis. The low end of the fair value range is still roughly $2 above the stock's current trading price. View all nine valuation models that derive USG's fair value estimate. Abbott Laboratories' stock has an intrinsic value of approximately $53.50 implying over 20 percent upside before earnings (expected Wednesday - 4/19). This compares favorably to the Wall Street's consensus price target of $47.85 which implies 10 percent upside. The healthcare products manufacturer has beat its EPS estimate 10 out of the last 12 quarters and will look to continue this trend next week. View all nine valuation models that derive ABT's fair value estimate. These stocks all have strong fundamentals and could easily trade +20 percent higher based on their underlying earnings. Value investors may want to take a closer look at these names prior to earnings this week. Posted-In: finboxEarnings Long Ideas News Previews Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ABT + C) Abbott Takes Action On FDA Warning Letter Big Bank Bonanza: Financial Sector Earnings In Spotlight But Market Still Nervous A Look At Citigroup's Q1 Earnings Beat 7 Stocks To Watch For April 13, 2017 Earnings: C, JPM and WFC Report Tomorrow Caution Still Prevails As Geopolitical Issues Keep Churning, Earnings Approach View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 INFY, APOG: 7 Stocks To Watch For April 13, 2017 2 GFI, HBI: 22 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 LULU, NUE: Jim Cramer Weighs In On Lululemon And U.S. Steel 4 TSLA: SpaceX Does It Again 5 JMP, JPM: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futur... 6 SSNLF, FXCOF: Toshiba Demise Could Help NAN... 7 AAPL, DIS: The Case For Why App... 1 GM, TSLA: Tesla And The Auto Market's New 'Big Three' 2 S: Steve Sosnick's Sprint Options Trade 3 OSK, NAK: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From April 13 4 AXP, GD: Najarian Brothers See Unusual Options Activity In Genera... 5 UAL: Pummeled United Passenger Suffered Concussion, Broken... 6 XRT: Gadfly's Banjo: Teens Know Best... When It Co... 7 ADDYY, ADDY: Under Armour Looks To Jumpstart Their L... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Seed Fundraising — How To Handle An Angel Investor Meeting
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Manufacturer to take over boat plant in Little Falls A tour of the new Millwright Building in Minneapolis First phase of Lake Street development clears panel Just Sold: Chanhassen warehouses fetch $4.4 million Wells Fargo board to lawyers: pay attention United Properties revives hotel plan near Target Field MnDOT plans 211 road projects in 2017 MN Snapshot: How to turn cabins into condos Met Council allows more time for Southwest LRT bids Lot developer wants to buy 3M land in Oakdale Finance & Commerce News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Subscribe Manage Account News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Home / Nation & World / Fading fear of oil lending a boon for shale Higher oil prices may increase Wall Street banks’ willingness to lend to oil shale firms drilling in Texas and North Dakota. In this photo, Precision Drilling oil rig operators install a bit guide on the floor of a Royal Dutch Shell oil rig March 2 near Mentone, Texas. (Bloomberg file photo) Fading fear of oil lending a boon for shale By: Bloomberg News April 14, 2017 11:45 am 0 Wall Street banks’ growing optimism about the energy industry is the latest boost for U.S. oil and natural gas producers already enjoying higher prices. JPMorgan Chase & Co., Wells Fargo & Co. and Citigroup Inc. said on Thursday in their first-quarter earnings results that rising oil prices have helped them free a combined $370 million they previously set aside to cover bad loans. If the optimism turns into an increase in lending, it would be a boon to shale firms from Texas to North Dakota that rely on borrowed money to finance their drilling and fracking. That could further accelerate U.S. oil production, which is already expected to rise above 10 million barrels a day for the first time in late 2018, and put more pressure on OPEC’s efforts to restrain supply. “Cautious optimism is the theme,” said Kraig Grahmann, a partner at Dallas-based law firm Haynes & Boone LLP. “Banks will still be a lot more prudent and conservative than they were when the price drop happened.” The spigots are starting to open. Leveraged loans to the energy sector have jumped this year compared with the same period a year ago. In the first quarter, U.S. energy companies raised $26.8 billion in so-called leveraged loans — loans that are extended to those already holding significant amounts of debt — up roughly 86 percent from the same period last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Companies are already looking to spend more. According to a Haynes & Boone April 4 survey that questioned 163 executives at oil companies, banks and private equity firms involved in the energy sector, 76 percent of respondents said they expect credit lines to stay steady or grow, and 89 percent predicted U.S. shale drillers will spend more in 2017. “With low cost of capital loans, there will be more programs for oil producers that will get them the desired rate of return,” Grahmann said. “Companies will be able to drill more oil and gas wells, which will increase production and thus increase U.S. supply.” Last year, U.S. lenders reduced credit to the U.S. energy sector after crude dropped near $26 a barrel, sparking fear that indebted shale producers would default. With prices double that level now, the worries about bad loans have eased. JPMorgan said it released $93 million of money it had previously set aside, primarily driven by improvement in oil and gas, compared with a $713 million increase in reserves the same quarter a year ago. Wells Fargo cut back its bad-loan provisions as well. “Improvement in the oil and gas portfolio, as well as continued improvement in residential real estate, drove a $200 million reserve release in the quarter” Mike Loughlin, Wells Fargo chief risk officer, said in the report. Citigroup said it released $77 million in reserves in the first quarter, compared with the $233 million build in reserves a year earlier, which was driven by energy-related exposure. “If oil stays where it is for the next 12 months, there is not a big concern for credit quality,” Spencer Cutter, U.S. credit analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence, said by telephone. Despite all the improvement in the energy markets, banks will still be cautious in lending to oil companies, according to Cutter. “Big banks will be more selective when choosing who to extend loans and will increase lending to better producers,” he said. Share this: Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 11:45 am Fri, April 14, 2017 Finance & Commerce Bloomberg News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Latest Posts A tour of the new Millwright Building in Minneapolis April 14, 2017 1:12 pm Manufacturer to take over boat plant in Little Falls April 14, 2017 1:58 pm Sponsored Content: The Affordable Housing Summit April 13, 2017 9:51 am First phase of Lake Street development clears panel April 14, 2017 11:59 am Just Sold: Chanhassen warehouses fetch $4.4 million April 14, 2017 7:02 am Wells Fargo board to lawyers: pay attention April 14, 2017 7:02 am United Properties revives hotel plan near Target Field April 13, 2017 4:44 pm Editors’ Picks Our best, right now. Manufacturer to take over boat plant in Little Falls by Clare Kennedy | Apr. 14 A tour of the new Millwright Building in Minneapolis by Matt M. Johnson | Apr. 14 First phase of Lake Street development clears panel by Hank Long | Apr. 14 Just Sold: Chanhassen warehouses fetch $4.4 million by Anne Bretts | Apr. 14 Wells Fargo board to lawyers: pay attention by Barbara L. Jones | Apr. 14 In Brief Former MnDOT commissioner Richard Braun dies April 13, 2017 4:20 pm Neal Simonson to lead Coldwell Banker Burnet branch April 11, 2017 2:42 pm Most-read stories: Week of April 3 April 10, 2017 10:04 am Bemidji meat company launches $1.9M expansion April 7, 2017 2:16 pm Midwest Steel Supply moving to Rogers April 6, 2017 2:57 pm Features Sustainable: Energy partnership targets public housing April 4, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Organizations warming to geothermal energy March 7, 2017 7:03 am Building Blocks: Miller Textile Building February 17, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Ackerberg joins coalition for ‘circular economy’ February 7, 2017 7:02 am Nation & World J.C. Penney delays closing of 138 stores by several weeks April 14, 2017 2:08 pm U.S. retail sales fell in March, second straight monthly drop April 14, 2017 12:12 pm Consumer prices down 0.3 percent in March April 14, 2017 12:12 pm U.S. businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent April 14, 2017 12:11 pm Culture shock: Businesses see need to change April 14, 2017 12:07 pm Get the Morning Memo Subscribe to F&C's free email alert and receive business news updates every weekday. Email Address * Twitter Buzz My Tweets Most-Read Content United Properties revives hotel plan near Target Field Lot developer wants to buy 3M land in Oakdale A tour of the new Millwright Building in Minneapolis Just Sold: Chanhassen warehouses fetch $4.4 million Lennar plans second tower on Superior Plating site Profiles of Progress MN 2017 honorees Health Care Special Section Top Women in Finance 2016 Top Projects of 2015 Awards Magazine Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Recent Comments ankita jaiswal: By when can be these services available approx TIME?... Chris Winters: Dan, I can see why you would want a personal guarantee when... Warren Hart: This sounds good but in practice it ruins entire neighborhoo... My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts April 15, 2017 Digital Edition J.C. Penney delays closing of 138 stores by several weeks Manufacturer to take over boat plant in Little Falls A tour of the new Millwright Building in Minneapolis U.S. retail sales fell in March, second straight monthly drop Finance and Commerce ABOUT CONTACT US ADVERTISE REPRINTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MARKETS April 15, 2017 | Last updated 3 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors14 Markets7 Automotives Banking2 Construction Employment Features2 General Investment Media Careers2 Energy71 Retail1 Shipping Technology2 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Toddlers playing with tablets sleep less: Study Japan potato-chip crisis sparks panic buying Wall Street banks thrive and lending stalls Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation $9,950 to flyers who give up seats Alitalia workers urged to OK compromise deal ATR signs $536m, 20-aircraft deal with Iran Economy4 Property GN Property top stories in Property Gulf Real Estate Awards: champions of the trade Nakheel to scale up multibillion contracts Aldar targets mid-market housing Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus As Trump era starts, Wall Street banks thrive and lending stalls Two US biggest trading firms — JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. — posted strong revenue this week Published: 18:29 April 14, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New York: US banks reporting their first profits under Donald Trump’s presidency are showing a split: Wall Street businesses are faring far better than some of those serving Main Street. The nation’s two biggest trading firms — JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. — posted surprisingly strong revenue on Thursday from buying and selling securities in the first quarter, when political turmoil prompted clients to adjust holdings. Wells Fargo & Co., which focuses on more traditional banking to consumers and businesses, reported sluggish results and said total loans fell from the end of last year. The picture painted by senior bankers contained some irony: They’re hearing excitement and optimism from business leaders over Trump’s sweeping pledges for pro-growth policies. But some corporate clients are now delaying big decisions to see how his proposals take shape — and whether his administration can actually turn them into laws. “There’s a lot of people with ideas, with expansion ideas, deal-type of notions, that are waiting to act, waiting for some sort of clarity,” Wells Fargo Chief Financial Officer John Shrewsberry told Bloomberg Television. Companies are poised to proceed once “the broad business regulatory landscape is well understood, when tax reform is understood, maybe when health care is understood.” JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon, who’s voiced support for many of Trump’s plans to stoke the economy, cautioned analysts not to overreact to slowing growth in commercial and industrial lending. Consumers and businesses are healthy. Some companies are tapping capital markets instead. And even if new policies take awhile, they can unleash broad benefits, he said. “When you have a new president and they get going, the nine months after the 100 days is going to be a sausage-making period,” he said. “There will be ups and downs, wins and losses, stuff like that. But it is a pro-growth agenda.” For now, political turmoil in the US and Europe, as well as changes in Federal Reserve policy, are stoking the type of Wall Street operations that faced criticism during the presidential campaign. One bright spot cited by banks was interest-rate trading. The threat of higher borrowing costs also drove corporations to issue debt, which boosted credit trading. And rising US equities helped stock traders. JPMorgan’s fixed-income trading revenue rose 17 per cent to $4.22 billion (Dh15 billion). The firm also showed a surprise increase in equity trading, which rose 2 per cent. Companywide, net income jumped 17 per cent to $6.45 billion. At Citigroup, fixed-income traders posted their best quarter in three years, with revenue climbing 19 per cent from a year earlier to $3.62 billion. Equities desks boosted revenue 10 per cent. Net income climbed 17 per cent to $4.09 billion. “Whenever you have tectonic shifts in financial markets like we’ve had, that creates activity on Wall Street because clients have to react,” said Marty Mosby, an analyst at Vining-Sparks IBG. Financial stocks surged after the November election as investors speculated that Trump would sideline Wall Street’s sharpest critics, dismantle regulation and pursue policies that spur inflation and lift long-term interest rates. The industry got further reassurance this week when he reversed course on other key parts of his campaign rhetoric — backing off protectionist policies and praising the Federal Reserve’s Janet Yellen. Those were seen as signs he’s listening more to moderate advisers from finance, including former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. President Gary Cohn. Three more big banks — Bank of America Corp., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Morgan Stanley — are set to disclose their quarterly results next week. Wells Fargo, meanwhile, reported revenue on Thursday that missed analysts’ estimates as the lender’s embattled community bank weighed on results. The firm has had trouble attracting new retail-bank customers while grappling with a bogus-account scandal and as fewer customers take out loans. Wells Fargo was the worst performer in the S&P 500 Financials Index of 65 companies, declining 3.3 per cent on Thursday in New York. “Loan growth was certainly muted,” said Jason Goldberg, an analyst at Barclays Plc. “While the administration has certainly talked a pro-growth agenda, they haven’t yet executed on it. But to the extent that they implement policies that actually improve the economy, we’d expect loan growth to follow.” More from Markets Asian shares, won dip on worries over N. Korea Yield-hungry Russians play vulture in Croatia Nintendo shares jump after switch sets records Most popular mining ETF to widen holdings Crisis-era lesson on lofty ratings returns Fortune, Mapletree among best-value REIT Dollar rises after sliding on Trump remarks UAE indices fall with global markets tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsMarkets tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNforexusd Also In MarketsAsian shares, won dip on worries over N. Korea Business Gallery First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Stock Look Up Search Latest share prices Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Buyers return to UAE markets 02Goldman first to register foreign MFs in UAE 03Nasdaq Dubai optimistic on 2017 after good start Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 1Image Pictures: Nokia 3310 comes back to life at MWC Feb 27, 2017 11Images Pink diamond worth millions shown in London Mar 21, 2017 Markets International Commodity Prices Error - No Data As on 2017-04-15 00:35:18 Most Popular on Gulf News Isra'a Wal Miraj holiday announced in UAE 2017 UAE holidays Came with no passport, stayed 48 years Indian expat fired over social media abuse Anchor reads news of husband’s death United gets more social media trashing Massage card barrage frustrates residents Tough times ahead for Karama’s strip mall Drug mule with 115 pills in stomach held Close Recommended For You Daesh death toll hits 90 from huge US bomb PUBLISHED ON Apr 15, 2017 ‘Fast 8’ director Gray speeds outta ‘Compton’PUBLISHED ON Apr 15, 2017 Two killed, five injured in Sharjah firePUBLISHED ON Apr 15, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://blogs.barrons.com/focusonfunds/2017/04/14/is-it-time-to-get-out-of-bank-stocks/ Focus on Funds Is it Time to Get Out of Bank Stocks? By Crystal Kim April 14, 2017 11:03 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large The markets are closed today, a good time for investors to reflect on the week's events. JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Wells Fargo (WFC), and Citigroup (C) reported quarterly results yesterday and despite some evidence of earnings strength, none of the major bank stocks were rewarded. JPMorgan's stock declined 1.17% to $84. Wells Fargo shares fell 3.33% to $51 and Citigroup's shares fell 0.80% to $58. Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images So the Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLF) and the SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) got hit. These results starkly contrast the optimism around financial stocks following the Election. The prospect of rising rates and corporate tax cuts caused a stamped into the space. The Financial Select Sector SPDR roughly doubled from November to March to about $25 billion, taking in more than $7.8 billion in inflows. The SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF (KRE) saw some $1.1 billion in fresh money. Next week Bank of America (BAC), Goldman Sachs (GS), and Morgan Stanley (MS) will report, but some investors are already shifting away from the sector. Ned Davis Research Group's U.S. sector strategist Pat Tschosik, in a note published yesterday indicated that the firm would move 200 basis points or 2 percentage points of allocation out of financial stocks and into energy stocks. The end result would be a near-400 basis point overweight in energy and 170 basis point overweight in financials. "We are not yet convinced the rising rate environment is dead..., the move should be considered short-term and tactical in nature" wrote Tschosik. "We do warn however that two financials internal indicators are close to leaving their bullish mode." If the firm reaches the conclusion that rates aren't rising, they could turn more bearish. They have not changed their outlook for three rate hikes this year and the 10-year yield creeping to 2.8% by the end of 2017. "If that forecast is lowered and we give up hope that the 10-year yield can break above the 2.6% to 2.7% level, we would likely further reduce Financials exposure." Text Size Regular Medium Large CITIGROUP FINANCIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR ETF JPMORGAN CHASE SPDR S&P BANK ETF SPDR S&P REGIONAL BANKING ETF WELLS FARGO Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS BlackRock Chief Larry Fink Earned A Bit Less Last Year NEXT Hedge Funds Really, Really, Really Love ETFs Most Popular Good News and Bad News for Netflix Why Tesla’s Cars Cost 50% More in China Alibaba Has a $20 Billion Cloud Opportunity Bill Gross: Stocks Rest on Faulty Foundation Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Beijing warns a ‘storm is about to break’ as tensions mount over N Korea The astonishing reinvention of Donald Trump Russian language in decline as post-Soviet states reject it Big US banks defy calls that they should be broken up Fall in US consumer prices casts doubt on ‘Trumpflation’ hopes US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read The astonishing reinvention of Donald Trump Big US banks defy calls that they should be broken up Fall in US consumer prices casts doubt on ‘Trumpflation’ hopes Trump’s foreign exchange wobbles risk backlash at home Why Donald Trump still needs Stephen Bannon Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read KPMG scandal highlights problem of auditing’s revolving door KPMG fires 6 employees over advance warning on audits Technology transforms Big Four hiring practices English Premier League faces loss after currency own goal Credit Suisse executives agree 40% cut to their bonuses Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read English Premier League faces loss after currency own goal Russian language in decline as post-Soviet states reject it Geopolitical worries fuel risk-averse mood Trump’s foreign exchange wobbles risk backlash at home Rise of private debt creates fears of a bubble Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Auditing: Pitch battle United pays heavy price for customer carelessness The UK’s negotiating position on Brexit is a fantasy Russian language in decline as post-Soviet states reject it Sean Spicer, White House spokesman with a painful turn of phrase Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub Burger King activates a Google Home controversy How to choose a business school The academic who believes he can predict CEO departures Native English speakers must learn how they come across Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump Lena Dunham on ‘Girls’, gender politics and growing up Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television The power brokers behind Brexit: Nick Timothy and Martin Selmayr How to measure risk in the real world Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Jes Staley’s setback illustrates inexperience in key areas Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
login register advertise back issues contact us subscribe   artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance news recent Archive 04.13.17 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement 04.13.17 Pierre Huber to Close Art & Public Gallery in Geneva 04.13.17 Hauser & Wirth Names Randy Kennedy as Director of Special Projects 04.13.17 Dispute Threatens Plans to Establish Hilma af Klint Museum 04.13.17 James Baldwin Returns to Harlem 04.13.17 Robert Ryman Gifts Twenty-One Works to Dia Art Foundation 04.12.17 Lower Manhattan Cultural Council Awards 2017 Grants and Residencies 04.12.17 Carriage Trade Gallery Reopens in New York recent Archive week of 02.13.17 week of 02.06.17 week of 01.30.17 week of 01.23.17 week of 01.16.17 week of 01.09.17 week of 01.02.17 week of 12.26.16 week of 12.19.16 week of 12.12.16 week of 12.05.16 week of 11.28.16 week of 11.21.16 week of 11.14.16 week of 11.07.16 week of 10.31.16 week of 10.24.16 week of 10.17.16 week of 10.10.16 week of 10.03.16 Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the opening of Documenta 14 in Athens Andrew Hultkrans on fake news Pia Capelli at the 22nd edition of MiArt Michael Wilson at the 7th annual Brooklyn Artists Ball Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the 6th Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival in Cairo Kate Sutton at the 1st Kathmandu Triennale Diary Picks Film Newest Reviews “Signifying Form” John McAllister Maeve Brennan Stephen Irwin Rene Ricard Trish Tillman Sebastião Salgado Erwin Wurm “Échame Aguas” Vincenzo Agnetti Tommy Hartung Christopher Williams Zhang Enli Roberto Cuoghi Michel Nedjar Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Nick Pinkerton on Anocha Suwichakornpong’s By the Time It Gets Dark Paige K. Bradley on Makoto Shinkai’s Your Name Nick Pinkerton on “Ecstasy and Irony: Czech Cinema, 1927–1943” Nick Pinkerton on All These Sleepless Nights Amy Taubin on Tony Conrad: Completely in the Present Charlie Fox on John Waters’s Multiple Maniacs POSTED April 14, 2017 Phillips Appoints Lilly Chan Managing Director of Asia Lilly Chan Phillips has named Lilly Chan, Christie’s global managing director for Asian art, as its new managing director of Asia. Chan will take up the post in May and will be based in the company’s Hong Kong office. Chan will be responsible for implementing and managing all strategic, procedural, and operational aspects of the company in Asia with a focus on realizing Phillips’s vision for building the brand. Prior to joining Christie’s, Chan worked at JP Morgan Treasury Services, where she was the head of new product marketing for the Asia-Pacific market. “The importance of Asia to our overall international growth strategy cannot be overstated,” said Phillips CEO Edward Dolman. “The collecting of contemporary art, design objects, photographs, and jewelry in Asia has been growing at an exponential rate and we are seeing more Asian collectors at our New York and London auctions. A foremost priority for us has been to strengthen our presence in Asia and build relationships with collectors across the region—and a critical component in this ambitious plan is the appointment of an experienced managing director such as Lilly. I look forward to working with her and our entire Asian team to build our reputation as the most innovative auction house in the region.” ► MORE Along with growing the Hong Kong office, Phillips has made a series of recent appointments to boost its presence in Asia. In the past year, the company named Jane Yoon as the regional representative in Korea, Cindy Yen in Taiwan, and Kyoko Hattori in Japan. LESS Permalink Comments LATEST NEWS April 14, 2017 Gillian Wearing Becomes First Woman to Create Work for UK’s Parliament Square Gillian Wearing Photo: Linda Nylind for The Guardian The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has announced that Turner-Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing will be the first woman commissioned to make an artwork for the UK’s Parliament Square, Mark Brown of The Guardian reports. The “milestone project” was endorsed by Prime Minister Theresa May earlier this month. Wearing will create a statue of suffragette Millicent Fawcett, who led the biggest suffrage organization, the NUWSS, from 1890 to 1919, and played a key role in gaining women the vote. The work will be installed alongside nine statues of men—Sir Robert Peel, Benjamin Disraeli, the Earl of Derby, Lord Palmerston, Field Marshal Jan Smuts, Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Nelson Mandela, and Mahatma Gandhi. The statue will be installed in 2018 during the upcoming centenary celebrations of women winning the right to vote in the UK. Activist Caroline Criado-Perez launched a campaign to break up the male-dominated square in 2016. She started a petition that was signed by 85,000 people. “Women make up more than half the population—but from looking at our public spaces, you would never know that,” Criado-Perez said. “Just 2.7 percent of British statues are of named women, and even these are mostly royals.” ► MORE In the September 2011 issue of Artforum, Emily Hall reviewed Wearing’s show at Tanya Bonakdar Gallery in New York. She wrote: “Long before Facebook, Gillian Wearing was pulling apart the conflicted, mediated relationship between our real selves and those we present to the world. Whether photographing strangers on the street holding signs that state what they’re thinking, or documenting herself dancing wildly in a public place, or filming adults as they lip-synch to recordings of children speaking, she mixes and matches the elements of identity—those elements that we assume compose our selves, our most private selves—and makes them public in ways that confound personhood rather than cement it.” LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Lorraine Pearce (1934–2017) Lorraine Pearce, White House curator, with a visitor in the China room. Photo: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Lorraine Pearce, a decorative arts scholar who became the first curator for the White House, died in Charlottesville, Virginia, on March 14 at the age of eighty-two, Richard Sandomir of the New York Times reports. Former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy asked Pearce to help her restore the White House’s historic rooms, which were given a modern look during a restoration under president Harry Truman. Pearce created the curator position and then began working to revert the rooms to the style they were decorated in after the 1817 reconstruction. Born in the Bronx on April 14, 1934, Pearce studied at the City College of New York before traveling to Strasbourg, France, on a Fulbright Scholarship. She earned her master’s degree in early American culture from the Winterthur Program at the University of Delaware. Founder of the Winterthur Museum Henry Francis du Pont recommended Pearce to the Kennedys while serving as chairman of the White House Fine Arts Committee. ► MORE During her tenure at the presidential mansion, Pearce cataloged the White House’s historic objects including, furniture, paintings, statues, and antiques, sorted through storage, and conducted extensive research on items that were for sale and donated. Among Pearce’s discoveries were a mirror that belonged to George Washington and a chair that once sat in Abraham Lincoln’s bedroom. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 William Kentridge Establishes Johannesburg Art Center William Kentridge at his independent art center in Johannesburg. Photo: Stella Olivier After the closure of South Africa’s Johannesburg Art Gallery sparked concerns over dwindling funds for public art institutions, South African artist William Kentridge decided to open an independent art center, Cristina Ruiz of the Art Newspaper reports. Located in the Arts on Main complex in Central Johannesburg, which also houses Kentridge’s studio and other cultural organizations, the center opened in March with a series of performances, film screenings, and exhibitions. “Ideally, we would have double the space and double the money, but I think the small scale is also good,” Kentridge said. “As soon as it gets larger it gets lost in questions of committees and trustees, and suddenly everyone is having to write big proposals to justify their work before it is made rather than allowing the work to come from the very uncertainty around it.” Kentridge is critical of NGOs, non-governmental organizations, which support art projects because in order to receive funding artists must adhere to their funding guidelines, which can restrict their vision for a work. He believes artists should be able to experiment and make work that isn’t successful without fearing repercussions, which is why the artist calls the venue a center for the “less good idea.” He wants it to be a “safe space for uncertainty, doubt, stupidity and, at times, failure.” ► MORE The center will organize two seasons of programming each year. Kentridge has committed to funding the space for the next three years, but did not confirm how much he invested in the project. According to reports in South African media outlets, the center has an annual budget of $229,000. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Pedro Lasch to Join Usdan Summer Camp as First-Ever Artist in Residence Pedro Lasch Usdan Summer Camp for the arts—an arts education initiative founded in 1968 that today serves more than 1,500 students each year—has announced that artist Pedro Lasch has been chosen as its inaugural artist in residence. Located in Wheatley Heights on Long Island, New York, the nonprofit program welcomes students from ages four to eighteen. Beginning this summer, Lasch will launch a three-year art project in collaboration with Usdan’s students, faculty, and staff. “Dreaming in the Woods” will draw from the people, grounds, and resources at Usdan for inspiration in the creation of new works and will give students first-hand experience in making art. “Often, collaborations with children are dismissed as not being ‘professional’ or ‘real art,’” Lasch said. “I’m excited to be doing this work at Usdan—a camp known for putting the student at the center and fostering creativity on all levels—as a way to challenge these typical perspectives and push towards a collaborative and innovative contemporary art engagement.” ► MORE Executive director Lauren Brandt Schloss said, “As discussions about launching the artist-in-residence program at Usdan took hold, Pedro was always top of mind. The goal of these artists in residence initiatives is to bring into all disciplines of contemporary art the ideas, concerns, and voices of youth.” Born and raised in Mexico City, Lasch studied art at Cooper Union before earning his master’s degree from Goldsmiths College in London. From 1999 to 2005, he served as the founding director of the experimental program Art, Story-Telling, and the Five Senses in Jackson Heights, Queens, and joined Duke University as a professor in 2002. Lasch co-authored two books: Black Mirror/Espejo Negro, 2012, and Grand Gestures and (Im)modest Proposals, 2012. His work has been featured in exhibitions at PS1 MoMA, the Queens Museum, The Phillips Collection, the Fifty-Sixth Venice Biennale, the Eleventh Havana Biennale, and Documenta 13. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture Steve Tobin, Trinity Root, 2005. Pennsylvania-based sculptor Steve Tobin is suing Lower Manhattan’s Trinity Church for relocating an eighteen-foot-tall bronze memorial dedicated to the victims of the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Modeled after a massive Sycamore tree that grew in the churchyard until it was destroyed by debris from the Twin Towers, Trinity Root cost the artist more than $300,000 to make. Last year, Tobin was shocked when he found out that the church had moved the sculpture to a site in Connecticut without telling him. He also claims that the work was damaged during transport. Tobin’s lawyer Steven S. Honigman filed a lawsuit in a Manhattan Federal District Court on Wednesday after attempts to work out the issue with the church were unsuccessful. “This is about the solemn promise the church gave to Steve Tobin when he offered to create that sculpture,” Honigman said. “He offered to create it if the church would give it a permanent place in the courtyard. The church agreed.” ► MORE According to the complaint, Reverend William Lupfer, the eighteenth rector of Trinity, wanted to send the work away so that “hordes of strangers” would stop crowding the church’s courtyard. Even though Tobin no longer owns the piece, Honigman said the church is in violation of a law that “prohibits the removal of [permanent, site-specific] sculptures.” In response, the church said: “While we have no comment on this litigation, Trinity is pleased to have the sculpture at Trinity’s retreat center, where it will be among a collection of planned sites that will encourage prayerful reflection, remembrance, and spiritual transformation.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Knight Foundation Awards $250,000 to New Museum’s NEW INC New Museum The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation has announced that it will be investing $250,000 into the New Museum’s experimental initiative NEW INC. Now in its third year, the shared workspace and professional development program is expanding its scope and will investigate the impact technology has on the future of art museums. “Museum professionals need new skills and resources to meet changing demands and grab audience attention in an increasingly digital world,” said Victoria Rogers, the Knight Foundation’s vice president for arts. “NEW INC will help advance this goal, providing them the skills necessary to embrace technology, innovate, and create lasting impact for their institutions and their communities.” Based at the New Museum on the Lower East Side, NEW INC brings together more than one hundred cultural practitioners and creative entrepreneurs, including Rhizome and Columbia University’s GSAPP Incubator, for a twelve-month basis. With the additional funding, the New Museum will invite organizations focused on the experimentation, development, and adoption of new technologies that attract audiences to museums and engage visitors within the museum space. Five teams—up to ten people total—will receive fully subsidized memberships at NEW INC and will be eligible for up to $10,000 in seed funding. ► MORE “Museums have been experimenting with innovative technological applications for public engagement, presentation, preservation and more, but we believe the market is still underdeveloped and underserved, particularly as it pertains to small and mid-sized institutions,” said Julia Kaganskiy, director of NEW INC. “These NEW INC members will explore new exhibition design ideas, audience engagement tools, cost-effective products and more efficient services to meet this need.” Cofounded by Lisa Phillips and Karen Wong in 2014, NEW INC is the first museum-led incubator for art, design, and technology. Directed by Julia Kaganskiy, the initiative has helped launch more than one hundred startups ventures in the creative industries. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor of Wall Street’s Charging Bull Calls for Removal of Fearless Girl New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio with Fearless Girl. Photo: James Keivom for New York Daily News Arturo Di Modica, the sculptor of the iconic Charging Bull statue on Wall Street, is petitioning the two companies that commissioned the popular Fearless Girl statue, which was installed in front of his three-and-a-half-ton bronze bovine on March 7 for International Women’s Day, to remove the work, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Claiming that it violates the Visual Artists Rights Act by illegally commercializing his statue, Di Modica sent a letter to Boston-based State Street Global Advisors, the advertising agency McCann New York, and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio explaining that Charging Bull became wrapped up in an advertising campaign that he did not consent to. The letter states: “We request that the Fearless Girl statue be removed and placed somewhere else and that damages be awarded to Mr. Di Modica for the violation of his legal, statutory rights.” During a press conference the artist held in Midtown Manhattan on Wednesday, he said that Fearless Girl was an insult to his work, which was meant to be a symbol of “freedom in the world, peace, strength, power, and love” when it was installed after the stock market crashed in the 1980s. ► MORE Anne McNally, a spokeswoman for State Street Global, said, “We continue to be grateful to the City of New York and people around the world who have responded so enthusiastically to what the Fearless Girl represents—the power and potential of having more women in leadership.” While the Fearless Girl statue was only supposed to be installed for one month, de Blasio extended the permit for the work through February 2018. On Wednesday he tweeted: “Men who don’t like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement Carolee Schneemann in Salzburg, 2015. Photo: Andy Archer Carolee Schneemann will be awarded the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement at the Fifty-Seventh Venice Biennale, “VIVA ARTE VIVA,” opening on May 13. The decision was made by the Biennale’s board of directors, chaired by Paolo Baratta, upon recommendation of Christine Macel, the curator of this year’s exhibition. “Schneemann has been one of the most important figures in the development of performance and body art,” Macel said in a statement. “She uses her own body as the prevalent material of her art. In so doing, she situates women as both the creator and an active part of the creation itself. In opposition to traditional representation of women merely as nude object, she uses the naked body as a primal, archaic force [that can] unify energies. Her style is direct, sexual, liberating and autobiographical. She champions the importance of women’s sensual pleasure and she examines the possibilities of political and personal emancipation from predominant social and aesthetic conventions. Through the exploration of a large range of media, such as painting, filmmaking, video art, and performance, Schneemann re-writes her personal history of art, refusing the idea of an ‘his-tory’ narrated exclusively from the male point of view.” Born in Fox Chase, Pennsylvania, in 1939, Schneemann’s artistic career spans more than six decades. She has been a recipient of a number of awards including a 1999 Art Pace International artist residency in San Antonio, Texas; the Pollock-Krasner Foundation grant (1997, 1998); a 1993 Guggenheim fellowship; a Gottlieb Foundation grant; and a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship. She has also taught at many institutions including New York University, California Institute of the Arts, Bard College, and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. ► MORE Schneemann has authored a number of books, including Cezanne, She Was A Great Painter (1976); Early and Recent Work (1983); and More Than Meat Joy: Performance Works and Selected Writings (1979, 1997). Her works are found in the permanent collections of the Museum der Moderne in Salzburg; the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía in Madrid; New York’s MoMA; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; London’s Tate Modern; and the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, among others. In the February 2017 issue of Artforum, Lauren O’Neill-Butler reviews Schneemann’s two-part exhibition at P.P.O.W and Gallerie Lelong. She wrote: “What does an enduring commitment to feminist antiwar resistance look like? For more than five decades, Carolee Schneemann has underwritten her art with a desire to understand and observe. From Viet-Flakes, 1965, and Snows, 1967, which protested the Vietnam War, to the ‘Lebanon Series,’ 1983–91, on the destruction of Beirut, and Terminal Velocity, 2001–2005, wherein she took on 9/11, she has long borne witness to cruelty and empathy, though discussions of her oeuvre sideline this theme in favor of other, related issues of gender and sexuality.” Schneemann will receive the award during the awards ceremony and inauguration of the exhibition on Saturday, May 13 at Ca’ Giustinian, the Biennale’s headquarters. LESS Permalink Comments diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 All rights reserved. artforum.com is a registered trademark of Artforum International Magazine, New York, NY
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Extended Stay America’s (STAY) Buy Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Sanofi SA (SNY) Raised to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comtech Telecomm. Corp. (CMTL) Stake Increased by Creative Planning Creative Planning Holds Position in RAIT Financial Trust (RAS) Creative Planning Acquires 496 Shares of Knowles Corp (KN) 3M Co (MMM) Stake Decreased by Creative Planning Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A. Raymond James Trust N.A. Has $542,000 Position in L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Charter Trust Co. Has $190,000 Stake in OFG Bancorp (OFG) Raymond James Trust N.A. Lowers Position in Envision Healthcare Co. (EVHC) Zacks: Analysts Expect Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) to Announce $0.40 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate NEWTEK Business Services Corp (NEWT) Will Announce Earnings of $0.33 Per Share Cathay General Bancorp (CATY) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings (CRBP) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.24 Community Bank System (CBU) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Cardinal Financial (CFNL) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows CCA Industries (CAW) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.50 Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Cut by Analyst Sanofi SA (SNY) Raised to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) from an underperform rating to a neutral rating in a research note published on Tuesday morning. SNY has been the subject of a number of other reports. HSBC Holdings plc cut shares of Sanofi SA from a hold rating to a reduce rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Sanofi SA from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $46.00 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Natixis raised shares of Sanofi SA from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. They set an underweight rating for the company. Finally, Liberum Capital initiated coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. They set a hold rating for the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. Sanofi SA has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $62.75. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) opened at 45.65 on Tuesday. Sanofi SA has a one year low of $36.81 and a one year high of $45.95. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $44.34 and its 200 day moving average price is $41.08. The stock has a market cap of $115.29 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.56 and a beta of 0.98. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.67 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.01. Sanofi SA had a net margin of 13.66% and a return on equity of 26.37%. The company earned $8.88 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.87 billion. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Sanofi SA will post $3.03 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/sanofi-sa-sny-raised-to-neutral-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The business also recently announced an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a $1.5771 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 3.65%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. Sanofi SA’s dividend payout ratio is 54.90%. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. TNB Financial bought a new stake in shares of Sanofi SA during the first quarter worth about $1,329,000. Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 6.0% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 82,197 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,719,000 after buying an additional 4,635 shares during the period. Gradient Investments LLC raised its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 15,470.7% in the first quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 6,384 shares of the company’s stock worth $289,000 after buying an additional 6,343 shares during the period. E&G Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 9.9% in the first quarter. E&G Advisors LP now owns 23,125 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,046,000 after buying an additional 2,075 shares during the period. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Sanofi SA by 126.0% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 5,525 shares of the company’s stock worth $242,000 after buying an additional 3,080 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 9.63% of the company’s stock. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Saturday, April 15, 2017, 2:02 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Interest rates give big banks a boost By COMPILED BY DEMOCRAT-GAZETTE STAFF WIRE REPORTS This article was published April 14, 2017 at 2:11 a.m. Comments aAFont Size PHOTO BY AP / ROGELIO V. SOLIS A customer uses an ATM at a Wells Fargo bank in Jackson, Miss., on Tuesday. The bank on Thursday reported a quarterly profit of nearly $5.46 billion, exceeding Wall Street expectations. NEW YORK -- JPMorgan Chase reported first-quarter earnings that easily beat analysts' estimates Thursday, helped by a steady climb in interest rates from a year earlier as well as gains in investment banking. The nation's largest bank by assets reported net income of $6.45 billion, or $1.65 per share, compared with net income of $5.52 billion, or $1.35 a share, from a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expected the bank to earn $1.51 a share. As analysts expected, JPMorgan's bottom line benefited directly from the Federal Reserve's push to raise interest rates over the past year. Net revenue on a managed basis was $25.59 billion compared with $24.08 billion in the same period a year earlier. Interest income rose $12.39 billion compared with $11.67 billion a year ago. Wells Fargo and Citigroup, which also reported their quarterly results on Thursday, also reported higher interest income in the first quarter. JPMorgan also reported solid loan growth in the quarter across both its consumer and business lending businesses. "We are off to a good start for the year with all of our businesses performing well and building on their momentum from last year," JPMorgan Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon said in a prepared statement. JPMorgan's investment banking division also did well, reporting net income of $3.24 billion compared with $1.98 billion in the same period a year earlier. Investment banking revenue rose 34 percent from year earlier, while JPMorgan's trading division saw a 14 percent rise in revenue from a year earlier, helped especially by bond trading. JPMorgan's stock fell $1, or 1.2 percent, to close Thursday at $84.40. Citigroup reported a first-quarter profit that beat analysts' expectations. Like its competitors, Citi benefited from higher trading revenue and interest rates. The New York-based bank said it earned $4.1 billion, or $1.35 a share, compared with $3.5 billion, or $1.10 a share, in the same period a year earlier. Analysts were looking for Citi to earn $1.23 a share, according to FactSet. Citi had a strong quarter in its investment banking division, as well as consumer banking business, which helped build revenue across all its major business lines. "The momentum we saw across many of our businesses toward the end of last year carried into the first quarter, resulting in significantly better overall performance than a year ago," said Citigroup CEO Michael Corbat in a statement. In the company's investment banking division, its biggest business by revenue and profit, Citi reported net income of $3 billion, up 61 percent from a year ago. Fixed income trading revenue rose 19 percent from a year earlier, and stock trading revenue increased 10 percent. However, Citi's consumer banking division saw a drop in profits. Net income fell to $1 billion from $1.19 billion a year earlier. While revenue was up, the bank had higher expenses mostly related to having to set aside more money to cover bad loans. With the fewest U.S. branches of any large competitor, Citigroup is counting on its credit-card franchise to drive growth in North America. It issued more than 1 million new cards in six months last year after signing a partnership with Costco Wholesale Corp. to be the preferred lender to the warehouse club's shoppers. Citigroup's stock fell 47 cents to close at $58.04. Shares of Wells Fargo plunged in early trading on Thursday after the bank, still reeling from the aftermath of a scandal over bogus bank accounts, posted profits that were slightly below those of a year ago and revealed that new customers shunned the bank during March. Wells Fargo earned nearly $5.46 billion for its quarter that ended in March, about $5 million below the more than $5.46 billion the banking giant posted in profits for the year-ago first quarter, the company reported. Wells Fargo's first-quarter profits of $1 a share topped Wall Street's expectations of 96 cents a share. The aftermath of the debacle over bogus checking and credit card accounts continues to loom over Wells Fargo, which is battling to burnish its scandal-scarred reputation. Bank employees opened up to 2.1 million accounts without the permission of customers. "Clearly we have had a very difficult period in our history," Timothy Sloan, Wells Fargo's chief executive officer, told analysts during a conference call to discuss the results. "Rebuilding trust is our most important activity. Every day we are continuing to make progress." San Francisco-based Wells Fargo generated $22 billion in revenue during the January-through-March period, down 0.9 percent from the year-ago first quarter. Analysts had predicted revenue of $22.4 billion. Wells Fargo's stock fell $1.77, or 3.3 percent, to close at $51.35. Investors are selling in part because Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, the bank's largest shareholder, said late Wednesday that it would sell some of its stake for regulatory reasons. Information for this article was contributed by Ken Sweet of The Associated Press, Dakin Campbell of Bloomberg News and George Avalos of The Mercury News. Business on 04/14/2017 Print Headline: Interest rates give big banks a boost Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business J.C. Penney delays closing of 138 stores, inc... U.S. retail sales fell in March, second strai... Interest rates give big banks a boost Public's cameras bane of business VW chief optimistic on rebound Telemarketer who violated do-not-call list se... A surge of thunderstorms driving up insurance... Teachers cash in on their lessons Day's selling a drain on indexes More Business stories > Comments on: Interest rates give big banks a boost To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Arkansas Supreme Court grants emergency stay for 1 of 7 inmates scheduled to die (5 comments) Former Arkansas youth pastor gets 80 years for raping 2 girls (10 comments) Judge issues temporary restraining order halting Arkansas executions (15 comments) Trump Jr. mocks college students' concern over Chick-fil-A (43 comments) Johnny Depp, Damien Echols appear at Arkansas anti-execution rally (15 comments) Ex-Little Rock officer liable in teen's shooting death, ordered to pay $415,000 to family (19 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market edestrians are reflected on an window of a security company flashing the Tokyo stock exchange's morning session closing rate in Tokyo on April 10, 2017. (AFP/Getty Images) edestrians are reflected on an window of a security company flashing the Tokyo stock exchange's morning session closing rate in Tokyo on April 10, 2017. (AFP/Getty Images) Before the Bell: Five things every investor needs to know today Add to ... Subscribers Only TERRY WEBER The Globe and Mail Published Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 7:39AM EDT Last updated Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 9:59AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn X To continue reading this article, you must be a Globe Unlimited subscriber. Don't stop here. Go unlimited. A Globe Unlimited subscription also gives you: Full access to all our award-winning news articles and exclusive features Access and availability on all devices and platforms Real-time Stock Quotes that remove the 15-minute stock price delay on all Canadian stock portals Reuters Financial News providing key insights from the world's best economies and markets newsroom Subscribe to Globe Unlimited now! Already a print newspaper subscriber? Click here to get full access to Globe Unlimited. Already a Globe Unlimited subscriber? Log in to keep reading. Keep me logged in I forgot my password No Thanks Equity Markets Global markets remained muted Monday as investors kept a close eye on events in the Middle East and North Korea. The spectre of the start of U.S. earnings season also tempered trading at the start of a holiday-shortened week. Wall Street futures, which had been mixed for much of the morning, turned modestly higher just before 9 a.m., signalling a flat start to the trading day. “U.S. equities look firm and while traders will be keeping an eye on the relations between Russia, the U.S. and any subsequent moves from Bashar al-Assad, (first quarter) earnings will play a larger role for traders too,” IG chief market strategist Chris Weston said in a note. “JPMorgan and a number of other financial companies kick-off proceedings on Wednesday…and we subsequently get 4 per cent of the S&P 500 market capitalization reporting this week.” Overseas, Tokyo’s Nikkei gained 0.7 per cent, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng dipped slightly and the Shanghai composite lost 0.5 per cent. In Europe, London’s FTSE 100 was up 0.1 per cent just after 5 a.m. (ET). Germany’s DAX and the Paris CAC 40 were down by between 0.1 and 0.5 per cent. Commodities Brent crude edged toward $56 (U.S.) Monday in the wake of a shutdown of Libya’s largest oilfield and continued concerns about the geopolitical situation in Syria. On Sunday, Libya’s Sharara was shut down after a group cut off a pipeline linking it to an oil terminal. U.S. crude edged above $52 in the early going. In Canada this week, the two-day Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers Scotiabank investment symposium kicks off in Toronto on Tuesday. Topics up for discussion include the future of Canada’s energy industry as the U.S. sector begins to increase production. In other commodities, gold steadied off a five-month high and silver slipped modestly after touching its highest level since late February on Friday. In London, copper prices slid as the U.S. dollar found support in expectations of future Federal Reserve tightening, although tight supply helped limit the declines. Currencies and bonds The Canadian dollar was little changed early Monday. Traders will be looking ahead to the Bank of Canada rate decision and release of the central bank’s latest monetary policy report. Although the Canadian economy has been showing signs of strength recently, there’s little expectation of a rate move. Economists will instead be looking for an indication of the weight given to recent reports suggesting the Canadian economy has found its footing. “For now, the odds are that the bank will continue to wax dovish to lean against potential (Canadian dollar) strength,” Bipan Rai, executive director of macro strategy at CIBC World Markets, said in a morning note. The U.S. dollar moved higher against world currencies after hawkish comments from New York Federal Reserve president William Dudley pointed to continued interest rate hikes. Fed chair Janet Yellen was also due to speak at the University of Michigan on Monday afternoon. Markets will be watching for any further hint on the timing and number of rate hikes for the rest of the year. Elsewhere, Reuters reports that France’s bond yield spread over Germany hit 72 basis points in early trading on Monday, its highest since Feb. 27 as investors worried about the rise of far-right candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon in the polls ahead of this month’s French presidential vote. Stocks set to see action Shares of Barclays Bank PLC could come under pressure on Monday on news regulators are investigating CEO Jes Staley and the bank over attempts to uncover the identity of the author of a letter in a whistleblowing incident. The bank says it has reprimanded Staley but will support his reappointment at the bank’s annual meeting in May. U.S. bank stocks may start to move as the start of earnings season kicks off this week. Citigroup Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Wells Fargo & Co. are all set to report results on Thursday. On average, analysts expect the six biggest U.S. banks to see a profit increase of 4.7 per cent compared to the prior year, according to Reuters data. Wells Fargo shares were modestly higher in premarket trading following the release of a report on an internal investigation into abusive sales practices. The report laid a large part of the blame on former head of the retail division, Carrie Tolstedt and her team. More reading: Monday's small-cap stocks to watch More reading: Monday's analyst upgrades and downgrades Economic News At 8:15 a.m. (ET) Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. said Monday housing starts trended higher at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 253,720 units in March, up from 214,253 in February. "March housing starts were at their highest level since September 2007, " CMHC's chief economist Bob Dugan said in the report. “Stronger residential construction at the national level is reflected by a rising trend in single-detached and multi-unit starts in Ontario and continued growth of new rental apartments in Quebec." Economists had been expecting March starts to come in at an annual rate of up to 220,000. At 4 p.m. (ET) U.S. Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen speaks at Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy in Ann Arbor, Mich. With files from Reuters and Bloomberg Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeInvestor More Related to this Story Barclays reprimands chief executive for trying to identify whistleblower U.S. companies poised to report first quarter of double-digit profit gains since 2014 Asian stocks struggle, U.S. dollar shines as geopolitical risks grow Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News North Korea 'on the brink of war' as U.S. ships approach News 36 killed in 'mother of all bombs' blast in Afghanistan Report on Business Elon Musk's message for disgruntled shareholders: Buy Ford stock Life Chef Basics: Conquer your fried-food cravings with this easy fish and chips recipe Report on Business Andrew Willis: The problem with banks is they're not ready for the fintech revolution Arts Disney announces all-female Star Wars spin-offs Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Four personal finance books millennials should read News Trump offers Passover, Easter greetings Life Kids delight as marshmallows rain down from helicopter News Russian, Iranian and Syrian foreign ministers condemn U.S. strikes on Syria News Scarlett Johansson 'disappointed' in Ivanka Trump Technology Parrot named Gary could advance drone flight capability ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Oil industry backs Clark’s re-election bid in B.C. election Arts Doyle: With transgender outing on Survivor, a political lesson from reality TV Most popular Anxiety intensifies in Toronto's suburbs as anti-Muslim rhetoric escalates April 15: Your daily horoscope Clark’s uninspiring battle plan reminiscent of Harper’s Senate blocks Liberals’ plan to repeal ‘anti-union’ law Amid fear of war, Trump has military targets in North Korea, but also risks X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT International Trader - Asia How to Invest in China’s New Urban Creation Xiong’an should be a long-term play. Beneficiaries include China Evergrande, BBMG, and a little-known small-cap stock. By Daniel Shane Biography April 15, 2017 12:15 a.m. ET Until very recently, the word “Xiong’an” would have generated no more than a confused stare from most Chinese. The city in northern Hebei province, about 100 miles south of Beijing, is a rural backwater. That’s all set to change: The government plans to transform Xiong’an into China’s next business and commercial hub. Morgan Stanley thinks the city, whose population today is about one million, will attract up to $350 billion in investment in coming years. That could make it the biggest infrastructure project in the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Good News and Bad News for Netflix Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Why Tesla’s Cars Cost 50% More in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Alibaba Has a $20 Billion Cloud Opportunity Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bill Gross: Stocks Rest on Faulty Foundation Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 15, 2017 3:06 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement Business briefs: McDonald’s CEO Easterbrook sees pay package nearly double to $15.4 million; US businesses increase inventories; Company pleads guilty in counterfeit Patriots T-shirts case April 15, 2017 12:00 AM Associated Press Steve Easterbrook, the CEO of McDonald’s, saw his total compensation nearly double in his second full year on the job. From wire reports McDonald’s CEO Easterbrook sees pay package nearly double to $15.4 million McDonald’s CEO Steve Easterbrook’s total compensation nearly doubled to $15.4 million last year, his second full year in the top job, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. Mr. Easterbrook received a base salary of about $1.3 million last year, up from just over $1 million in 2015. The value of his stock awards jumped to $5.1 million, up from $2.9 million the year before, and the value of his stock option awards rose to $3.9 million from $2.1 million the year before. His performance-based bonus shot up to $4.6 million, from $1.5 million in 2015. And the value of his perks rose to $523,665 from $341,301 a year earlier.  US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent U.S. businesses increased their stockpiles in February by a modest amount while their sales slowed. The Commerce Department says business inventories rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.3 percent in February after an identical increase in January. And sales rose 0.2 percent in February after a slightly faster 0.3 percent increase in January. An effort by businesses to rebuild their stockpiles added a full percentage point to economic growth in the October-December quarter, a period when the economy grew by a tepid 2.1 percent, as measured by the gross domestic product. Many analysts believe growth slowed in the January-March quarter, in part because they think inventories subtracted from overall economic activity. Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting annual GDP growth of just 1 percent in the first quarter. Company pleads guilty in counterfeit Patriots T-shirts case A New Hampshire company has pleaded guilty to trafficking counterfeit New England Patriots playoff championship and Super Bowl T-shirts during the 2015 National Football League playoffs. CK Productions Inc., in Pelham, New Hampshire, pleaded guilty in federal court in Boston on Thursday to trafficking in counterfeit goods. Sentencing is scheduled for Sept. 6. Prosecutors say the business printed and sold over 1,700 counterfeit T-shirts, with a retail value of over $29,000. The playoff T-shirts bore the trademarked words “Patriots” and “Super Bowl” and the Patriots logo. Groupon cuts about 100 jobs, most in Chicago Groupon laid off about 100 employees this week, primarily at its Chicago headquarters, according to sources. A spokesman for Groupon confirmed the job cuts by email but did not provide a total number. “We’ve had a small number of position eliminations in our Chicago office,” he wrote. “These actions are a part of our continued efforts to streamline our operations and increase our overall efficiency and effectiveness.” He said the cuts at the e-commerce marketplace included about 30 positions in the editorial group. Separately, the company announced in February that it is laying off the remaining 95 employees of LivingSocial, the onetime competitor it acquired in 2016. The effective layoff date for those employees, based in Washington, D.C., is April 24. The company had 8,300 employees globally at the end of 2016. It employed 1,950 in Chicago as of last August. Crate & Barrel CEO Doug Diemoz out, but company won’t say why Crate & Barrel’s CEO, who is at the center of a lawsuit from rival Restoration Hardware, is out after less than two years at the retailer. The company, headquartered in suburban Chicago, confirmed that Doug Diemoz, who was recruited from Restoration Hardware to head Crate & Barrel in 2015, left earlier this week. A spokeswoman declined to say why. The spokeswoman added that Mr. Diemoz’s departure has nothing to do with the suit, which aims to prevent Crate & Barrel from opening a food and beverage operation in any of its stores for a year. Abbott and Alere agree to play nice with $5.3 billion deal Abbott Laboratories agreed to consummate its troubled acquisition of Alere Inc. in a deal that values the medical test maker’s equity at $5.3 billion, shaving $500 million from the original price and ending months of legal maneuvering that appeared headed for a Delaware court. Alere shareholders will get $51 a share in cash, according to a statement Friday. While the new price is an 8.9 percent cut from the deal announced in February 2016, it’s a 21 percent jump from the company’s closing price on Thursday. The two parties were slated to meet in Delaware Chancery Court next week to begin hearings on Abbott’s lawsuit to terminate the purchase. The companies expect the transaction to close by the end of third quarter, pending shareholder and regulatory approval. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Walt Disney Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Effect Walt Disney (DIS) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Columbia Property Trust (CXP) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact CU Bancorp (CUNB) Stock Price Aclaris Therapeutics Inc (ACRS) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.54 Per Share Sigma Capital Group Plc (SGM) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Pattern Energy Group (PEGI) Earns News Impact Score of 0.37 Espey Manufacturing & Electronics Corp. (ESP) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Effect Pool (POOL) Stock Price Good Times Restaurants Inc. (GTIM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sterling Resources Ltd (SLG) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCAU) to Announce $0.41 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate VWR Corp (VWR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.11 Billion Zacks: Analysts Expect Upland Software Inc (UPLD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $20.55 Million Analysts Set Sandstorm Gold Ltd (SSL) PT at $7.64 ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Receives News Impact Score of 0.15 Ooma (OOMA) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.13 Paypal Holdings (PYPL) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc (LL) Receives $12.86 Average PT from Analysts Analysts Set United Technologies Co. (UTX) Target Price at $116.15 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Effect Walt Disney (DIS) Stock Price April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) has trended somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, rates the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Walt Disney earned a news impact score of 0.22 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news coverage about the entertainment giant an impact score of 36 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the news articles that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Walt Disney Co (DIS) (americanbankingnews.com) ‘Dancing With the Stars’ readies Disney Night (orlandosentinel.com) Disney ends work week with The Last Jedi trailer (hmssweblog.wordpress.com) A brief history of every Star Wars trailer ever made (finance.yahoo.com) The ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Trailer Is Just As Cryptic As ‘The Force Awakens’ Trailers (finance.yahoo.com) Shares of Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) traded up 0.14% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $113.20. 6,530,791 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $179.00 billion, a PE ratio of 20.43 and a beta of 1.25. Walt Disney has a one year low of $90.32 and a one year high of $114.25. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $111.91 and a 200-day moving average price of $103.93. Walt Disney also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Traders acquired 2,729 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 133% compared to the typical daily volume of 1,171 call options. Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The entertainment giant reported $1.55 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.48 by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $14.78 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.30 billion. Walt Disney had a net margin of 16.29% and a return on equity of 19.43%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 3.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.63 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Walt Disney will post $5.95 EPS for the current year. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Walt Disney from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $115.00 price target on shares of Walt Disney and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. FBR & Co lifted their price target on shares of Walt Disney from $113.00 to $116.00 and gave the company a “mkt perform” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Drexel Hamilton reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Walt Disney in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Walt Disney from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $116.23 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and twenty have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $116.38. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-unlikely-to-effect-walt-disney-dis-stock-price.html. In other news, EVP Brent Woodford sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.50, for a total transaction of $221,000.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 27,745 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,065,822.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Company insiders own 13.00% of the company’s stock. About Walt Disney The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment company. The Company operates in four business segments: Media Networks, Parks and Resorts, Studio Entertainment, and Consumer Products & Interactive Media. The media networks segment includes cable and broadcast television networks, television production and distribution operations, domestic television stations, and radio networks and stations. Receive News & Ratings for Walt Disney Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pattern Energy Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pattern Energy Group (PEGI) Earns News Impact Score of 0.37 Espey Manufacturing & Electronics Corp. (ESP) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Effect Pool (POOL) Stock Price Good Times Restaurants Inc. (GTIM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sterling Resources Ltd (SLG) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCAU) to Announce $0.41 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate VWR Corp (VWR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.11 Billion Zacks: Analysts Expect Upland Software Inc (UPLD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $20.55 Million Analysts Set Sandstorm Gold Ltd (SSL) PT at $7.64 ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Receives News Impact Score of 0.15 Ooma (OOMA) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.13 Paypal Holdings (PYPL) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Lumber Liquidators Holdings Inc (LL) Receives $12.86 Average PT from Analysts Analysts Set United Technologies Co. (UTX) Target Price at $116.15 Brokerages Set City Office REIT Inc (CIO) Target Price at $14.63 Analysts Set Centene Corp (CNC) Target Price at $77.40 Analysts Set Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) PT at $4.13 Embraer SA (ERJ) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 NVR (NVR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Photronics (PLAB) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.09 Pattern Energy Group (PEGI) Earns News Impact Score of 0.37 April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media stories about Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) (TSE:PEG) have been trending positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a unit of Accern, scores the sentiment of media coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Pattern Energy Group earned a news sentiment score of 0.37 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media stories about the company an impact score of 85 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on PEGI shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Pattern Energy Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $26.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Pattern Energy Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective (down previously from $36.00) on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $21.00 price objective for the company. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $25.29. Shares of Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) traded down 0.66% on Friday, reaching $21.15. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 602,155 shares. The company’s market cap is $1.85 billion. Pattern Energy Group has a 52-week low of $18.68 and a 52-week high of $25.13. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $20.32 and a 200 day moving average of $20.39. Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter. Pattern Energy Group had a positive return on equity of 0.16% and a negative net margin of 7.83%. The company had revenue of $81.06 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $105.84 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.03 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 10.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Pattern Energy Group will post $0.01 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a dividend of $0.4138 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This is a positive change from Pattern Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.41. This represents a $1.66 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 7.83%. Pattern Energy Group’s payout ratio is currently -428.95%. In other news, Director Patricia S. Bellinger purchased 3,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $19.74 per share, for a total transaction of $59,220.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 17,738 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $350,148.12. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 1.79% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/pattern-energy-group-pegi-earns-news-impact-score-of-0-37.html. Pattern Energy Group Company Profile Pattern Energy Group Inc is an independent power company focused on owning and operating power projects. The Company holds interests in over 18 wind power projects located in the United States, Canada and Chile with total capacity of over 2,644 megawatts (MW). Each of its projects has contracted to sell its output pursuant to a power sale agreement. Receive News & Ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 15 April 2017 Ergen has more options with US$6.2bil spectrum spree NEW YORK: Dish Network Corp spent a surprising US$6.2bil on wireless airwaves in a government auction, a big splurge that did little to address questions about the endgame for billionaire Charlie Ergen’s satellite company. Only T-Mobile US Inc bid more in the auction, spending US$8bil out of the US$19.8bil in total proceeds. Dish’s hefty purchase jolted investors and bedeviled analysts, as the company already sits on one of largest troves of spectrum in the industry – and still doesn’t actually provide a wireless service. It’s anyone’s guess what Ergen will do next: Sell Dish? Become a phone company? Sit and wait? Dish now controls a much more diverse spectrum portfolio that gives Ergen plenty of options. The Englewood, Colorado-based company has airwaves that are ideal for streaming movies as well as maintaining a cellular signal over long distances. It could decide to package the licences together for a sale to wireless carriers or cable companies – or use the frequencies it just bought to fulfill a promise to the Federal Communications Commission by launching a network focused on enabling devices to exchange information. “The big surprise to us was the amount of spectrum that Dish won – US$6.2bil versus our estimate of nothing,” said Marci Ryvicker, an analyst at Wells Fargo & Co, in a note pn Thursday. “Maybe we shouldn’t be that surprised given the attractive pricing and Charlie’s penchant for purchasing spectrum, especially when it’s a deal.” Prices for this auction were significantly lower than a US airwaves sale that ended in 2015 and drew US$44.9bil in bids. The average price per megahertz per US resident was about 90 US cents, compared with US$2.72 in that sale, said Kevin Roe, of Roe Equity Research LLC. Comcast Corp. and AT&T Inc were among the other significant bidders. For years, Dish has been buying spectrum opportunistically, bidding on airwaves at auction and acquiring licences on the cheap from bankrupt satellite companies. Yet the company has never fully articulated a plan for putting those airwaves to use, suggesting Ergen may be interested only in selling the assets for a profit down the road. “Dish is turning itself into a one-stop shop for wireless spectrum with the idea that a firm outside of the telecommunications industry (think internet or tech) could purchase the company and build its way into wireless,” said Phil Cusick, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co, in a note on Thursday. But he called such a deal unlikely. The company has already missed a deadline imposed by the FCC to serve phone-toting consumers using some of those airwaves. To avoid a penalty, the company pledged to deploy a network by 2020. On a recent conference call, Ergen said Dish doesn’t need to seek out a merger with another company to build a service. “Things could change, right? But we certainly believe we can control our own destiny,” Ergen said. Buying more spectrum without clear plans for the future has spooked investors. Dish shares fell 2.5 percent to $62.38 at the close on Thursday in New York. “Wall Street gets nervous because the payoff is uncertain,” said Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics LLC. “Charlie is really good at acquiring spectrum but not good at building a network or selling it.” If Ergen does end up selling Dish, who would buy it? Verizon Communications Inc didn’t bid at all in the auction and AT&T Inc acquired nearly US$1bil worth of spectrum, far less than it’s done in the past. This suggests the two largest wireless carriers may not be interested in the spectrum Dish acquired, making an acquisition less likely, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence analysis. Closing the gap The airwaves auctioned by the FCC were voluntarily surrendered by TV stations so the frequencies can be repurposed for surging wireless data traffic. Stations are getting US$10bil in payments to go off the air or move to other airwaves. As the top bidder, Bellevue, Washington-based T-Mobile gained ground on AT&T and Verizon in holdings of spectrum in lower frequency bands, which is prized for its ability to penetrate walls and cover wide areas. With the purchase, T-Mobile now owns 41.1 megahertz of spectrum below the 1-gigahertz frequency, compared with 46.2 megahertz for Verizon and 70.5 megahertz for AT&T, according to Bloomberg Intelligence. Comcast, which plans to unveil a new wireless service that uses Wi-Fi hotspots and Verizon’s cellular network, bid US$1.7bil on airwaves, much less than expected, according to Macquarie analyst Amy Yong. About a quarter of the investors Yong surveyed thought the cable giant would spend as much as US$6bil. It’s still unclear what Comcast’s spending says about the company’s wireless strategy. By owning spectrum, the cable giant could eventually build its own network and lease or buy additional airwaves to add capacity. But analysts have long speculated that Philadelphia-based Comcast could buy a wireless company and own its network. The company declined to comment, citing government restrictions on what bidders can say about their plans. AT&T’s acquisition of less than US$1bil worth of spectrum means it’ll get a refund of about US$1.4bil from a deposit it had made with the FCC to participate in the auction. The Dallas-based phone carrier will reap rich rewards from operating the first nationwide emergency communications network and thus may not have needed the airwaves as much as others. AT&T declined to comment. Verizon, the largest wireless carrier in the US, and Sprint Corp didn’t bid at all. “By not bidding, Verizon let the other bidders get away with airwaves far more cheaply,” said Entner. Verizon may have steered clear from the auction in part because it’s thinking of buying Dish’s spectrum later, Roe said. “Verizon’s need for more urban capacity makes Dish’s spectrum a natural fit,” he said. Verizon declined to comment. Shares of Verizon, AT&T and Comcast fell less than 1% at the close in New York on Thursday, while T-Mobile rose slightly. Companies that expressed interest in selling frequencies included CBS Corp, Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox Inc and Comcast’s NBC Universal. The FCC said the auction raised US$7.3bil to pay down the national debt, far short of the US$10bil to US$40bil the Congressional Budget Office estimated in 2015. – Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Dish Network Corp digital trend Related Stories You May Be Interested SP Setia’s mega acquisition NetX bets on payment solutions Palm oil falls to 6-month low on strengthening ringgit Employers grapple with rising costs and EIS Pedalling to save the planet Siew yoke loves briyani Others Also Read Know all about colorectal cancer Alonso's Indy 500 plan is 'barking mad', says Horner Etihad Airways turns plane around for elderly couple to visit dying grandson Property Related advertisement Latest News Facebook shareholders propose reports on ‘fake news’, pay equality Asian economies escape 'manipulator' tag, but expect more pressure on trade New Chinese owners of Italy's AC Milan football club to invest in stadium Abbott agrees to buy Alere at lower price of US$5.3bil from earlier offer Palm oil falls to 6-month low on strengthening ringgit Most Viewed in Business Wanted: More high-quality investments SP Setia’s mega acquisition Maybank to list Etiqa? New Chinese owners of Italy's AC Milan football club to invest in stadium What’s going on in MUI? Thriven explains Bukit Tunku land sale Dream come true for Liverpool fans Nintendo seen releasing mini-size Switch in 2019 Eye on stock: Lion Industries Ringgit closes firmer against major currencies, KLCI slumps advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Centurylink Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centurylink Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Centurylink (CTL) Stock Price Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.22 Brokerages Set Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC – (ADAP) Target Price at $15.50 Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Receives $58.79 Consensus PT from Brokerages Zacks: DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Given $127.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by William Blair Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) to Hold Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Effect Icon Plc (ICLR) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Daktronics (DAKT) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Effect Rexahn Pharmaceuticals (RNN) Stock Price Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Professional Diversity Network (IPDN) Share Price Darden Restaurants (DRI) Earns News Impact Score of 0.07 Analysts Set Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) PT at $100.66 Group 1 Automotive, Inc. (GPI) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.71 Per Share Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wells Fargo & Co Chemours’ (CC) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) to Post $0.54 Earnings Per Share Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc. (ELS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Centurylink (CTL) Stock Price April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Centurylink (NYSE:CTL) have been trending somewhat positive on Friday, according to Alpha One. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, scores the sentiment of news coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Centurylink earned a media sentiment score of 0.15 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media coverage about the company an impact score of 91 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s analysis: Technical Analysis Perspective: Grand Canyon Education, Inc. (LOPE), CenturyLink, Inc. (CTL) – Post Analyst (postanalyst.com) John DeLozier, vice president of CenturyLink Channel Alliances, honored by Channel Partners magazine with 2017 Circle of Excellence award (finance.yahoo.com) BRIEF-CenturyLink says CEO Glen Posttotal 2016 compensation was $13.97 mln (feeds.reuters.com) Stock Seesawing Amidst Rampant Activity: CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL) – The Herald (hiramherald.com) Considerable Mover: CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL), Ocera Therapeutics (NASDAQ:OCRX) – eMarketsDaily (emarketsdaily.com) A number of research analysts recently weighed in on CTL shares. Vetr lowered shares of Centurylink from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $25.27 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $27.00 price target on shares of Centurylink in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Cowen and Company set a $29.00 price target on shares of Centurylink and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Centurylink from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Centurylink from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $28.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $26.71. Shares of Centurylink (NYSE:CTL) traded down 0.08% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $25.12. 9,958,699 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of $23.66 and a 200 day moving average of $24.98. Centurylink has a one year low of $22.33 and a one year high of $33.45. The stock has a market cap of $13.73 billion, a PE ratio of 21.66 and a beta of 0.83. Centurylink (NYSE:CTL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.56 by $0.02. Centurylink had a return on equity of 9.58% and a net margin of 3.58%. The firm had revenue of $4.29 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.32 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.80 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down 4.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Centurylink will post $2.16 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were given a dividend of $0.54 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $2.16 annualized dividend and a yield of 8.60%. Centurylink’s payout ratio is currently 186.21%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/somewhat-favorable-media-coverage-extremely-likely-to-impact-centurylink-ctl-stock-price.html. About Centurylink CenturyLink, Inc is an integrated communications company. The Company is engaged in providing an array of communications services to its residential and business customers. Its segments include business, which provides strategic, legacy and data integration products and services to small, medium and enterprise business, wholesale and governmental customers, including other communication providers, and consumer, which provides strategic and legacy products and services to residential customers. Receive News & Ratings for Centurylink Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centurylink Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PerkinElmer Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) to Post $0.54 Earnings Per Share Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc. (ELS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Receives $45.00 Average Target Price from Analysts Brokerages Set Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Target Price at $187.00 Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.19 Cabot Corp (CBT) Receives News Impact Score of 0.19 Insider Selling: Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Insider Sells 9,401 Shares of Stock Delano Ladd Sells 1,095 Shares of Healthequity Inc (HQY) Stock Joseph E. Turk, Jr. Sells 1,000 Shares of NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) Stock TheStreet, Inc. (TST) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.03 Per Share Brokerages Set Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Price Target at $18.86 Brokerages Anticipate Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) to Announce $0.14 EPS Brokerages Set Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Target Price at $32.33 Brokerages Set St. James's Place plc (STJ) Price Target at $1,142.36 PDF Solutions (PDFS) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.05 PJT Partners (PJT) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.06 SCYNEXIS (SCYX) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds MGP Ingredients (MGPI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.06 Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc. (FSNN) Given $3.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Receives $221.08 Consensus PT from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) to Post $0.54 Earnings Per Share April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect PerkinElmer, Inc. (NYSE:PKI) to report earnings per share (EPS) of $0.54 for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Six analysts have provided estimates for PerkinElmer’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.52 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.58. PerkinElmer reported earnings of $0.56 per share in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year over year growth rate of 3.6%. The company is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings report after the market closes on Thursday, May 4th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that PerkinElmer will report full year earnings of $2.81 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.73 to $2.91. For the next year, analysts forecast that the business will report earnings of $3.12 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.95 to $3.40. Zacks’ EPS averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that follow PerkinElmer. PKI has been the subject of several research reports. Bank of America Corp lowered shares of PerkinElmer from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target for the company. in a report on Friday, February 3rd. BTIG Research reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of PerkinElmer in a report on Sunday, February 5th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of PerkinElmer from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $55.00 price target on shares of PerkinElmer in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott raised shares of PerkinElmer from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $57.09. In other PerkinElmer news, insider Joel S. Goldberg sold 30,710 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.45, for a total transaction of $1,702,869.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 91,768 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,088,535.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Andrew Okun sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $57.27, for a total transaction of $171,810.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 12,441 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $712,496.07. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 68,972 shares of company stock valued at $3,789,481 over the last three months. 2.30% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Sandy Spring Bank raised its position in PerkinElmer by 0.3% in the third quarter. Sandy Spring Bank now owns 42,584 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,389,000 after buying an additional 140 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in PerkinElmer by 1.1% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 153,373 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,606,000 after buying an additional 1,659 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in PerkinElmer by 98.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 259,078 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,537,000 after buying an additional 128,698 shares during the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. raised its position in PerkinElmer by 65.9% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 111,182 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,239,000 after buying an additional 44,160 shares during the last quarter. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in PerkinElmer by 2.2% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 96,164 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,397,000 after buying an additional 2,100 shares during the last quarter. 89.82% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/zacks-brokerages-anticipate-perkinelmer-inc-pki-to-post-0-54-earnings-per-share.html. Shares of PerkinElmer (NYSE:PKI) traded down 0.32% on Friday, reaching $56.95. 501,087 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. PerkinElmer has a 1-year low of $45.35 and a 1-year high of $58.40. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $56.48 and its 200-day moving average price is $53.74. The company has a market capitalization of $6.25 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.75 and a beta of 0.80. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 10th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 14th will be paid a dividend of $0.07 per share. This represents a $0.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.49%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 11th. PerkinElmer’s payout ratio is 13.15%. PerkinElmer Company Profile PerkinElmer, Inc is a provider of products, services and solutions to the diagnostics, research, environmental, industrial and laboratory services markets. The Company operates through two segments: Discovery & Analytical Solutions and Diagnostics. The Discovery & Analytical Solutions segment serves the environmental, food, industrial, life sciences research and laboratory services markets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on PerkinElmer (PKI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PerkinElmer Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Healthequity Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Healthequity Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Insider Sells 9,401 Shares of Stock Delano Ladd Sells 1,095 Shares of Healthequity Inc (HQY) Stock Joseph E. Turk, Jr. Sells 1,000 Shares of NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) Stock TheStreet, Inc. (TST) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.03 Per Share Brokerages Set Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Price Target at $18.86 Brokerages Anticipate Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) to Announce $0.14 EPS Brokerages Set Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Target Price at $32.33 Brokerages Set St. James's Place plc (STJ) Price Target at $1,142.36 PDF Solutions (PDFS) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.05 PJT Partners (PJT) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.06 SCYNEXIS (SCYX) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds MGP Ingredients (MGPI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.06 Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc. (FSNN) Given $3.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Receives $221.08 Consensus PT from Analysts Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Taubman Centers (TCO) Stock Price TransAlta (TAC) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Sensient Technologies (SXT) Stock Price Superior Industries International (SUP) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Stock Price North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Delano Ladd Sells 1,095 Shares of Healthequity Inc (HQY) Stock April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Healthequity Inc (NASDAQ:HQY) EVP Delano Ladd sold 1,095 shares of Healthequity stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.60, for a total value of $47,742.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 5,132 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $223,755.20. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Healthequity Inc (NASDAQ:HQY) traded down 0.74% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $43.09. The stock had a trading volume of 242,599 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $43.00 and its 200-day moving average is $41.38. The company has a market capitalization of $2.57 billion, a PE ratio of 97.93 and a beta of 1.94. Healthequity Inc has a 1-year low of $22.26 and a 1-year high of $49.25. Healthequity (NASDAQ:HQY) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.02. Healthequity had a return on equity of 11.08% and a net margin of 15.19%. The business earned $46.83 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $45.55 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.07 EPS. Healthequity’s revenue for the quarter was up 30.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Healthequity Inc will post $0.53 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Delano Ladd Sells 1,095 Shares of Healthequity Inc (HQY) Stock” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/delano-ladd-sells-1095-shares-of-healthequity-inc-hqy-stock.html. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Healthequity by 0.6% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 128,230 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,854,000 after buying an additional 764 shares during the last quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund raised its stake in shares of Healthequity by 88.5% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 139,674 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,287,000 after buying an additional 65,560 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Healthequity by 19.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,123,191 shares of the company’s stock worth $118,213,000 after buying an additional 503,204 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Healthequity by 2.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 204,527 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,741,000 after buying an additional 4,740 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Healthequity by 37.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 675,549 shares of the company’s stock worth $25,570,000 after buying an additional 182,935 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 89.22% of the company’s stock. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the company. Chardan Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price target (up previously from $50.00) on shares of Healthequity in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on Healthequity in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. started coverage on Healthequity in a research note on Monday, March 13th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $58.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Healthequity from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 4th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on Healthequity from $44.00 to $51.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. Healthequity currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $45.18. Healthequity Company Profile HealthEquity, Inc provides a range of solutions for managing healthcare accounts (Health Savings Accounts (HSAs), Health Reimbursement Arrangements (HRAs) and Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs)) for health plans, insurance companies and third-party administrators. The Company is engaged in technology-enabled services platforms that allow consumers to make healthcare saving and spending decisions. Receive News & Ratings for Healthequity Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Healthequity Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance St. James's Place plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TheStreet, Inc. (TST) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.03 Per Share Brokerages Set Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Price Target at $18.86 Brokerages Anticipate Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) to Announce $0.14 EPS Brokerages Set Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Target Price at $32.33 Brokerages Set St. James's Place plc (STJ) Price Target at $1,142.36 PDF Solutions (PDFS) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.05 PJT Partners (PJT) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.06 SCYNEXIS (SCYX) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds MGP Ingredients (MGPI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.06 Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc. (FSNN) Given $3.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Receives $221.08 Consensus PT from Analysts Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Taubman Centers (TCO) Stock Price TransAlta (TAC) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Sensient Technologies (SXT) Stock Price Superior Industries International (SUP) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Stock Price North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Comstock Mining (LODE) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.04 Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Expect Teradyne, Inc. (TER) to Post $0.38 EPS Brokerages Set St. James's Place plc (STJ) Price Target at $1,142.36 April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ) have received an average rating of “Buy” from the sixteen analysts that are currently covering the firm. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 1,142.36 ($14.19). STJ has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on shares of St. James's Place plc from GBX 1,096 ($13.61) to GBX 1,108 ($13.76) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Panmure Gordon increased their price target on shares of St. James's Place plc from GBX 1,145 ($14.22) to GBX 1,274 ($15.82) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. BNP Paribas reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 1,065 ($13.22) price target on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc increased their price target on shares of St. James's Place plc from GBX 1,095 ($13.60) to GBX 1,145 ($14.22) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Macquarie raised shares of St. James's Place plc to an “outperform” rating and increased their price target for the company from GBX 924 ($11.47) to GBX 1,186 ($14.73) in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ) traded down 0.0105% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 1057.8889. 1,849,382 shares of the stock traded hands. St. James's Place plc has a 12 month low of GBX 521.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,126.44. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,068.08 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,015.30. The stock’s market cap is GBX 5.52 billion. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a GBX 20.67 ($0.26) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.96%. This is a positive change from St. James's Place plc’s previous dividend of $12.33. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. In other news, insider Andrew Croft sold 6,471 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,053 ($13.08), for a total value of £68,139.63 ($84,613.97). COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/brokerages-set-st-jamess-place-plc-stj-price-target-at-1142-36.html. About St. James's Place plc St. James’s Place plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which provides wealth management advice, investment management and related services to businesses and individuals across the United Kingdom. The Company’s segments include Life business, Unit Trust business, Distribution business and Other. The Company’s Life business segment offers pensions, protection and investment products through its life assurance subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for St. James's Place plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Asante Solutions Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Asante Solutions Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TheStreet, Inc. (TST) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.03 Per Share Brokerages Set Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Price Target at $18.86 Brokerages Anticipate Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) to Announce $0.14 EPS Brokerages Set Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Target Price at $32.33 Brokerages Set St. James's Place plc (STJ) Price Target at $1,142.36 PDF Solutions (PDFS) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.05 PJT Partners (PJT) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.06 SCYNEXIS (SCYX) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds MGP Ingredients (MGPI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.06 Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc. (FSNN) Given $3.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Receives $221.08 Consensus PT from Analysts Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Taubman Centers (TCO) Stock Price TransAlta (TAC) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Sensient Technologies (SXT) Stock Price Superior Industries International (SUP) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Stock Price North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Comstock Mining (LODE) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.04 Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Expect Teradyne, Inc. (TER) to Post $0.38 EPS Brokerages Set Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Price Target at $18.86 April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Asante Solutions Inc (NASDAQ:PUMP) have earned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight brokerages that are covering the company. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price target among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $18.67. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada assumed coverage on shares of Asante Solutions in a research note on Tuesday. They set an “outperform” rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc. assumed coverage on shares of Asante Solutions in a research note on Tuesday. They set a “strong-buy” rating and a $18.00 price objective on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies assumed coverage on shares of Asante Solutions in a research note on Tuesday. They set an “overweight” rating and a $18.00 price objective on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on shares of Asante Solutions in a research note on Tuesday. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Asante Solutions in a research note on Friday. In other Asante Solutions news, Director Spencer D. Armour III sold 81,106 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.00, for a total transaction of $1,135,484.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, major shareholder Energy Capital Partners Ii, Ll sold 2,771,557 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $14.00, for a total transaction of $38,801,798.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 14,476,436 shares of company stock worth $202,670,104. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Brokerages Set Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Price Target at $18.86” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/brokerages-set-asante-solutions-inc-pump-price-target-at-18-86.html. Asante Solutions (NASDAQ:PUMP) traded down 0.48% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $14.50. 721,726 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s 50-day moving average is $13.78 and its 200-day moving average is $13.78. The company’s market cap is $1204.08 billion. Asante Solutions has a one year low of $12.26 and a one year high of $15.30. Asante Solutions Company Profile Asante Solutions, Inc is a medical device company. The Company is a manufacturer of Asante Snap Insulin Pump System (Snap system), which is a pump featuring a modular design with pre-filled insulin cartridges and disposable pump bodies, utilized in combination with a controller. The Snap system comprises four components: the Snap system controller, a disposable pump body, disposable pre-filled insulin cartridges and disposable infusion sets. Receive News & Ratings for Asante Solutions Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Asante Solutions Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Switch to the mobile version of this page. East Bay Express Oakland, Berkeley, And East Bay News, Events, Restaurants, Music, & Arts Facebook Twitter Instagram Subscribe Home Search Your Profile News & Opinion Arts & Culture Food & Drink Movies Music Calendar Blogs Locations Special Reports EBX Web Services Browse Search Article Search Event Search Location Search Movie Search Best Of Search Member Search Video Search Search By Cover eBlast Search eDeals Search Browse Your Profile Login Create Account Browse News & Opinion Submit a Letter Story Archives Browse Arts & Culture Submit an Event Arts Listings Story Archives Browse Movies Times & Tickets Movie Theaters Story Archives Browse Food & Drink Restaurant Guide Nightclubs & Bars Food & Wine Listings Story Archives Browse Music Submit an Event Music Listings Nightclubs & Bars Story Archives Browse Blogs What the Fork Seven Days Culture Spy Legalization Nation Blog Archives Browse Locations Art Galleries Movie Theaters Museums Nightclubs & Bars Restaurant Guide Wineries Browse Calendar All Listings Staff Picks Music Listings Events & Attractions Museums & Galleries Theater & Dance Listings Lectures & Lit Listings Food & Wine Listings Other Listings Submit an Event Browse Special Reports Insider's Guide 2016 Holiday Guide 2015 Year in Review 2015 Taste, Fall 2016 Taste, Fall 2015 Taste, Spring 2016 Fall Arts 2015 Back to School 2015 Best Of Local Economy 2015 Summer Guide 2016 Summer Guide 2015 Sustainable Living 2015 Sustainable Living 2016 Taste, Spring 2015 Browse Classifieds Post an Ad Adult Bulletin Board Buy/Sell/Trade Community Employment Mind/Body/Spirit Music Xchange Rentals Real Estate Services Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Archives | RSS Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Report: Profound Racial Disparities in Mortgage Lending Seen in Oakland By Darwin BondGraham Wed, Feb 24, 2016 at 9:57 AM Email Tweet Print click to enlarge Greenlining Institute. According to a research report published today, Blacks and Latinos are “severely underrepresented” among borrowers who obtained a loan from a major bank to purchase a home in the city of Oakland. The report, by the Greenlining Institute and Urban Strategies Council, also found that banks issued a much smaller total number of home mortgage loans in Oakland compared to Fresno and Long Beach, two other cities analyzed in the study. And Black and Latino borrowers in Oakland applied for home loans at very low rates, and were approved at lower rates than whites. This dearth in mortgage lending by major banks in Oakland, compounded by low numbers of mortgage loan applications from Black and Latino customers, and lower loan approval rates, is perpetuating and exacerbating wealth disparities, the authors of the study concluded. See also: JP Morgan Chase's Home Loans in Oakland Mostly Went to White and Wealthy Residents The study analyzed bank lending data for the year 2013 that was obtained from the federal government. The twelve largest banks, measured by the total dollar amount of loans originated in California, were included in the study. The authors compared Oakland, Fresno, and Long Beach because these cities are of similar size and have racially diverse populations, and they represent different geographic areas of the state with different economies. The data analyzed by the Greenlining Institute and Urban Strategies Council showed that major banks are making far fewer total mortgage loans in Oakland compared to Fresno and Long Beach. “Despite comparable populations, Oakland had less than one quarter as many loan applications and originations as Long Beach and Fresno,” the report states. It’s unclear why major banks are approving fewer home loans in Oakland, but it may be due to Oakland’s increasingly unaffordable prices, and the presence of cash investors who crowd out buyers who need bank loans to close a deal. Whatever the cause, this lower level of bank lending in Oakland is compounded by racial disparities. According to the report, Black and Latino residents make up 56 percent of Oakland’s total population, but they received just 10 percent of the total dollars lent by major banks for home purchases. “Across the board, what the report shows is that Black and Latino communities were way under-represented when it comes to obtaining mortgage loans,” said Zachary Murray of the Greenlining Institute, one of the authors of the report. Greenlining Institute and Urban Strategies Council found that in 2013 the top twelve banks only approved a total of four loans for Black borrowers to purchase homes in the city of Oakland. The other 44 home mortgage loans made to Black borrowers in Oakland were refinance loans. In the same year, Latinos only obtained sixty mortgage loans in Oakland, and just seven of these were to purchase a home. By contrast, white borrowers obtained 358 mortgage loans in 2013 and 40 of these were to purchase homes. Asians obtained 186 mortgage loans, and 37 of these were to buy a home. Particular banks exhibited wide racial disparities in their mortgage lending activities. According to the report, Wells Fargo Bank, US Bank, and CashCall all exhibited much lower loan origination rates for Blacks and Latinos than for Asians and whites. A loan origination rate measures what percent of applicants for a loan are approved and receive the loan. Some banks, including Chase and Bank of America did better, originating loans at almost equal rates for Black and Latino customers as they did for white and Asian customers. But for all of the twelve banks analyzed in the report, white and Asian customers were more likely to have their loans approved than Black and Latino customers. Sasha Werblin of Greenlining, one of the authors of the study, said that lower average household wealth and income could be one reason that Blacks and Latinos are less able to obtain home loans. The economic crisis and recession of 2007-2010, and the foreclosure crisis that peaked in 2011-2012 reduced the savings of many families, and had a disproportionately harmful impact on Black and Latino households in California. But Werblin said that it is also incumbent on banks to offer sustainable and quality financial products that help them build wealth and secure housing. “What are banks doing to market to these individuals? Do they have products that would fit the needs of these individuals?” said Weblin in a previous interview. The full report can be downloaded here. « Wednesday Must Reads: Oakland…  |  Thursday Must Reads: Four OPD… »   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (10) Showing 1-10 of 10 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-10 of 10 Comment Add a comment Anonymous and pseudonymous comments will be removed. Subscribe to this thread Author Archives Sen. Nancy Skinner Asks Contra Costa Supervisors to Cancel $95 Million Jail Expansion by Darwin BondGraham Apr 14, 2017 Oakland Officials Want to Ban Flavored Blunt Wrappers, Two-Pack Cigars, And Vape Juice The proposal is designed to prevent tobacco companies from marketing to kids. by Darwin BondGraham Apr 13, 2017 More» Readers also liked… Oakland Bus Stop Battle Continues, Outcome Unclear by Sydney Johnson Apr 13, 2016 UC Berkeley Police Lieutenant Allegedly Sent Racist Email to Chief by Darwin BondGraham Aug 19, 2016 Building Engulfed by Deadly Oakland Fire Had Pending Habitability Complaints City inspectors visited the building on November 14. by Darwin BondGraham Dec 3, 2016 Most Popular Stories Viewed Shared Commented Videos Sen. Nancy Skinner Asks Contra Costa Supervisors to Cancel $95 Million Jail Expansion Oakland Officials Want to Ban Flavored Blunt Wrappers, Two-Pack Cigars, And Vape Juice The proposal is designed to prevent tobacco companies from marketing to kids. Berkeley Farmers Market Canceled Due To Safety Fears Over Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally Speakers too extreme for other alt-right gatherings to appear this weekend. Berkeley City Council Resorts to 'Nuclear Option' ... In Library Board Drama Hayward Police Chief: There Is No Video of Fatal Police Shooting of 16-Year-Old Elena Mondragon Uber Not Coming To Oakland After All? Spokesman says only 200-300 employees initially to work in Oakland, not up to 3,000. Berkeley Farmers Market Canceled Due To Safety Fears Over Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally Speakers too extreme for other alt-right gatherings to appear this weekend. Landlord Of West Oakland Building Destroyed By Fire Was Working To Evict Tenants A 2005 city inspector wrote that 'babies are getting asthma and very sick' in the building. The Beat Won’t Go On: Chicago Landlord Evicts Coffee With A Beat, Longtime Adams Point Shops Fama’s African Braids and Oakland Spa also will be evicted. Alameda Sheriff's Letter Supporting Trump Attorney General Jeff Sessions Draws Criticism From Immigration and Civil Rights Advocates A local immigrants rights coalition called collusion with Trump and Sessions a 'disgrace.' Berkeley Farmers Market Canceled Due To Safety Fears Over Pro-Trump, Alt-Right Rally Speakers too extreme for other alt-right gatherings to appear this weekend. Comments (34) The Beat Won’t Go On: Chicago Landlord Evicts Coffee With A Beat, Longtime Adams Point Shops Fama’s African Braids and Oakland Spa also will be evicted. Comments (15) Landlord Of West Oakland Building Destroyed By Fire Was Working To Evict Tenants A 2005 city inspector wrote that 'babies are getting asthma and very sick' in the building. Comments (14) Oakland Officials Want to Ban Flavored Blunt Wrappers, Two-Pack Cigars, And Vape Juice The proposal is designed to prevent tobacco companies from marketing to kids. Comments (9) Uber Not Coming To Oakland After All? Spokesman says only 200-300 employees initially to work in Oakland, not up to 3,000. Comments (8) Fire Destroys West Oakland Apartment Building. Multiple Rescues Reported. Building has long, and recent, record of code violations. Oakland Mayor Literally Raises A's Flag Over City Hall An Hour After Raiders-To-Vegas Vote Mayor said her "heart aches" for Raiders fans. West Oakland Fire Survivors Say City's Response Is Unacceptable and Victim Assistance Is Lacking Recent Issues Apr 5, 2017 Mar 29, 2017 Mar 22, 2017 Mar 15, 2017 Mar 8, 2017 Mar 1, 2017 More Issues Best of the East Bay 2016 Intro Readers' Poll Winners Arts & Culture Goods & Services Food & Drink OTHER YEARS 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 About Us Advertise National Advertising Staff Jobs Newsletters & eLerts Privacy Policy Terms of Use Report a Problem RSS Contact Us Site Map Your Profile Check Out Food, Music and Arts in Other Cities © 2017 East Bay Express    All Rights Reserved Powered by Foundation
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology The Players Sign In/Up Levin Report Jamie Dimon Wants Everyone to Cut Trump Some Slack Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Levin Report Jamie Dimon Wants Everyone to Cut Trump Some Slack Expecting things to go smoothly “would be silly.” by Bess LevinApril 14, 2017 6:02 pm Email Facebook Twitter Jamie Dimon, who thinks all of these historic blunders are fine. By David A.Grogan/CNBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images. Eighty-five days into his presidential term, Donald Trump is struggling to live up to expectations. The same man who once promised voters, “You’re going to win so much, you may even get tired of winning and you’ll say please, please it’s too much winning, we can’t take it anymore,” has, in fact, racked up a remarkable number of amateur-hour screw-ups. Trump’s travel ban was suspended; his plan to repeal Obamacare went down in flames; his campaign is under investigation by the F.B.I. for its communications with Russia; and the U.S. is on the brink of war with North Korea. In the span of 12 weeks, it’s not clear whether the administration has gotten better or worse as it ricochets from shilling for Ivanka Trump’s clothing line to walking back ill-informed opinions on Hitler. Short of Trump undergoing a personality transplant, and replacing the bumbling idiots of the West Wing over the weekend, his first 100 days are shaping up to be a historic failure. But according to JP Morgan C.E.O. Jamie Dimon, these sorts of blunders are totally typical for a new administration and it is ridiculous to have expected things to have gone more smoothly so far. “You all should expect as a given that, when you have a new president and they get going, that the nine months after the first 100 days are a sausage-making period,” Dimon said Thursday during a conference call with analysts to discuss JP Morgan’s first quarter earnings. “To expect there to be smooth sailing, that would be silly,” he added. After reportedly turning down an offer to serve as Trump’s Treasury Secretary, Dimon, a lifelong Democrat who once enjoyed a bromance with Barack Obama before their relationship cooled, has shown nothing but unbridled optimism for the Donald and the gang that couldn’t shoot straight in Washington. The banker, who is a member of Trump’s policy forum and heads the Business Roundtable, a group that advises the president, has said that the former beauty-pageant owner is doing a bang-up job and to “forget about the tweets.” Trump himself is apparently even more optimistic about his own prospects, telling Fox Business this week that he “doesn’t think there is a presidential period of time in the first 100 days where anyone has done nearly what we’ve been able to do.” His record low approval ratings prove him right, although perhaps not in the way he meant. If you would like to receive the Levin Report in your inbox daily, click here to subscribe. Other bankers are a bit more skeptical While Trump is enjoying the confidence of Jamie Dimon, other C.E.O.s aren’t convinced he’ll turn out to be the pro-growth president the corporate world is praying for. Per Dealbook: Some of the nation’s top bankers said on Thursday that businesses were feeling less certain that Mr. Trump can pull off his ambitious agenda to deregulate and cut taxes. Many industries, the bank executives said, are increasingly cautious about taking on too much new debt, particularly after efforts to replace the Affordable Care Act failed last month, raising doubts about whether the president can get pro-business measures like tax cuts through Congress. And such political uncertainty comes at a time when the Federal Reserve has embarked on raising interest rates, which will make borrowing costlier. “They all want to believe that there is more growth ahead, but they need to see something out there before they act,” John Shrewsberry, the chief financial officer of Wells Fargo, said in an interview. Wells Fargo, a leading lender to American consumers and businesses, said its outstanding loans in the first quarter had increased just 1 percent from a year earlier. Citigroup, which has a large global presence operating in dozens of countries, said its lending growth wasn’t that much larger, with overall loans rising 2 percent. United Airlines continues its apology tour On the heels of the news that the passenger dragged from a United flight Sunday night suffered a broken nose, a concussion, and lost two teeth—and, naturally, will be suing—the airline’s chairman has issued his own memo to employees expressing remorse for the incident, following three earlier statements from C.E.O. Oscar Munoz (the first two, which used the phrase “re-accomodate the passenger” doesn’t count). Per the Wall Street Journal: Robert Milton, chairman of the 15-member board, said directors have been meeting and talking this week and working with Chief Executive Oscar Munoz. “We are supporting Oscar and his team as they work to assure that something like this does not happen again,” Mr. Milton said in the memo. Mr. Milton also apologized to Dr. David Dao, the passenger who police from Chicago’s Aviation Department dragged off Flight 3411 on Sunday. Mr. Milton, a former CEO of Air Canada who joined United’s board a year ago, told employees United needs to respond to the incident by crafting “friendly policies and redouble our efforts to win back the trust of everyone.” He said United needs employee ideas large and small “on how we can bring a smile to the faces of our customers with acts of kindness, service, respect and understanding.” Obviously, not beating them senseless would be a great start. Looking to make a buck or two off the Trump presidency? If you’ve been thinking about paying a visit to the White House to curry favor with the Don in an attempt to, just for example, win a government contract for your company but want to avoid the pesky scrutiny of the dishonest media who you just know will make a story of that bag of cash you had on your person, today’s your lucky day. Administration officials said Friday the White House “will no longer disclose logs of visitors to the 18-acre complex where President Donald Trump lives and works.” While the White House officials cited concern for privacy and national security risks in their decision, others are not entirely convinced. “The only reason to keep secret the White House visitor logs is to hide from the American public the corporate influence-peddlers who are seeking favors and gifts from the White House,” Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen, told Bloomberg. “More secrecy equals more cronyism, more insider dealing and more corruption.” “Amex, challenged by Chase, is losing the snob war” Time was, American Express’s pitch to new customers was that whipping out an Amex at dinner would signal to your fellow diners that you had arrived. These days, though, the card is grappling with a scary new reality: the millennial would-be customers they’re going after want to have money, but they don’t want to be “braggy” about it. More important to them is the appearance of being “interesting,” which, amazingly, they think is a trait that can be conferred by a credit card. The New York Times tells the tale: This is the real reason Amex’s executives became so worried when they heard about the dinner, one of multiple held by Chase, when a cardholder said his Sapphire card made him more interesting. American Express, for decades, has essentially sold snob appeal. But for millennials, snobbery isn’t quite as appealing as it once was. Or, more precisely, snobbery has to be hidden and camouflaged as something else, like an Instagram post from your Iceland spelunking adventure or a lament about how hard it is to find a charging station near Burning Man for your electric sports car. Elsewhere! Investors can’t believe Trump is doing this to them again (The Hive) Best corporate profit growth since 2011 competes with geopolitical pressures on markets (CNBC) Uber lost $2.8 billion last year (CNN Tech) The great Japan potato-chip crisis: panic buying, $12 bags (Bloomberg) United pays heavy price for customer carelessness (Financial Times) Credit Suisse to cut executive bonuses by 40 percent (W.S.J.) A.I.G.'s board denies C.E.O. 2016 cash bonus after dismal earnings (Reuters) The world’s most breathtaking pub crawl requires a helicopter (Bloomberg) Share Email Facebook Twitter YOU MIGHT LIKE Jamie Dimon Says Trump Was Just Kidding About Kicking 11 Million Immigrants out of the CountryVanity Fair America’s “Least-hated Banker” Says Trump Is Doing a Bang-Up JobVanity Fair Why Is Donald Trump Always Leaning on Lecterns?Vanity Fair The Inside Story of the Kushner-Bannon Civil WarVanity Fair Meet the Catholic Priest Whose Twitter Puts Trump to ShameVanity Fair Trump Threatens War with North Korea, Then Leaves for Mar-a-LagoVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Jamie Dimon Says Trump Was Just Kidding About Kicking 11 Million Immigrants out of the CountryBY BESS LEVIN America’s “Least-hated Banker” Says Trump Is Doing a Bang-Up JobBY BESS LEVIN SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Hot Topics: Missing Longmont teen found dead Conor O'Neill's closing. Again Flatiron Flyer crowding 3303 Broadway project News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Boulder County trust deeds, April 17, 2017 Posted:   04/14/2017 01:42:02 PM MDT Updated:   04/14/2017 01:42:14 PM MDT REAL ESTATE, COMMERCIAL DEALSTrust deedsThis list includes trust deeds (to secure repayment of A. loan) of $750,000 or more. Information includes the borrower, lender, address or legal description of the property, date the trust deed was filed and amount. 2897 Mapleton II LLC, Continual Divide LLC, 2897 Mapleton Ave., Boulder, 03/31/2017, $2,200,000.00 Aaron J. and Susan J. Garcia, Elevations Credit Union, 750 Seventh St., Boulder, 03/31/2017, $800,000.00 Boulder City Housing Authority, Firstbank,, Boulder City Housing Authority, Firstbank,, 03/30/2017, $29,705,000.00 Gsa Revocable Trust, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, 1002 Mapleton Ave., Boulder, 03/30/2017, $5,700,000.00 Julia K. Luckey, HUD, 270 Gold Run Road, Boulder, 03/31/2017, $837,000.00 Julia K. Luckey, United Mortgage Corp., 270 Gold Run Road, Boulder, 03/31/2017, $837,000.00 Marshall and Alison Heywood Lees, Firstbank, 2621 Third St., Boulder, 03/30/2017, $2,000,000.00 Martin Maria Carolina Parada San, JPMorgan Chase Bank, 7380 Panorama Drive, Boulder, 04/03/2017, $993,750.00 Quentin D. and Melinda R. Rider, Guaranty Bank Trust Co., 3709 Paonia St., Boulder, 04/03/2017, $1,025,100.00 Rebecca Ellis Crowe, 59com LLC, 3030 Galena Way, Boulder, 03/30/2017, $1,450,000.00 Scott and Naomi Perian, Cherry Creek Mortgage Co. Inc., 2755 Iliff St., Boulder, 04/03/2017, $819,000.00 Advertisement DeedsThis list includes deeds (conveying title to A. property) of $350,000 or more. Information includes the seller, buyer, address or legal description of the property, date the deed was filed and amount. 1111 Maxwell 222 LLC, Greg and Jacob Naber, 1111 Maxwell Ave., Apt. 222, Boulder, 04/03/2017, $369,000.00 1491 Llbrookfield LLC, Yida Zhang, 1491 Lodge Lane, Boulder, 03/31/2017, $900,000.00 59com LLC, Rebecca Ellis Crowe, 3030 Galena Way, Boulder, 03/30/2017, $1,675,000.00 Aida N. Aweida, Maria Carolina Parada Sanmartin, 7380 Panorama Drive, Boulder, 04/03/2017, $1,325,000.00 Ann Andrews, Michael A. Calcote, 339 Lodgewood Point, Lafayette, 03/30/2017, $539,900.00 Ann M. Steinbaugh, Ann Andrews, 339 Lodgewood Point, Lafayette, 03/30/2017, $539,900.00 Boulder Creek Delo LLC, Mia A. Jasper, 1038 Johnson Lane, Louisville, 03/30/2017, $699,500.00 Bryan R. Helstad, GKR Trust, 1840 Lehigh St., Boulder, 04/03/2017, $995,000.00 Caribou Road Holdings LLC, Neverland Real Estate Holdings LLC, 250 Caribou Road, Nederland, 03/31/2017, $480,000.00 Catharine A. and Neal Eric Lurie, Denali R. Hussin, 4934 10th St., Boulder, 03/31/2017, $675,000.00 Cjm Properties LLC, John F. Strobel Trust, 1215 High St., Boulder, 04/03/2017, $1,265,000.00 Claudio and Gail Coppoli, David P. Schneider, 6847 Twin Lakes Road, Boulder, 03/31/2017, $652,000.00 Daniel E. and Jordan Anne Pault Babeon, Alexis and Garrett Palmer, 4708 Ipswich St., Boulder, 04/03/2017, $555,000.00 Deborah L. Casher, Kimberly B. Weinstein, 815 Maxwell Ave., Apt. 2, Boulder, 03/31/2017, $640,000.00 Elizabeth C. and Brian K. Cleveland, Scott and Cheryl Gibbons, 20 S. Boulder Circle, Apt. 2307, Boulder, 03/30/2017, $380,000.00 Jeffrey B. and Jennifer J. Davis, Christine Marie Kilzer and Jaymes Elton Russell Waters, 10600 Fourmile Canyon Drive, Boulder, 03/30/2017, $499,000.00 Jill Ertl Esbensen, Scott and Naomi Perian, 2755 Iliff St., Boulder, 04/03/2017, $1,170,000.00 Joseph B. and Pamela K. Franklin, Aspen Tree Appraisal Trust, 850 20th St., Apt. 205, Boulder, 04/03/2017, $372,500.00 Melinda R. and Quentin D. Rider, Rachel Joyce, 3741 Paonia St., Boulder, 04/03/2017, $905,000.00 Revielle Custom Carpentry Inc., Melinda R. and Quentin D. Rider, 3709 Paonia St., Boulder, 04/03/2017, $1,366,800.00 Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Conor O'Neill's Irish Pub in Boulder is closing again — this time for good Jewish teen arrested in Israel is suspected in Boulder JCC threats, police say Boulder's Leave No Trace wants people to pick up trash   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Boys lacrosse: Monarch runs win streak to five games Hitt scores four to pace Coyotes LAFAYETTE — Statistically speaking, the Monarch boys lacrosse team graduated nearly 70 percent of its scoring output at the end of last school year. Full Story Baseball: At mid-season, new RPI calculations still drawing slew of opinions Baseball: Mason Hitz delivers for Boulder against Monarch Baseball: Dawson baseball players build character in Cuba Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Engility Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Engility Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Expect Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) to Announce $0.99 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Expect Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Will Post Earnings of $0.98 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Engility Holdings, Inc. (EGL) Will Announce Earnings of $0.42 Per Share Analysts Expect DTE Energy Co (DTE) Will Announce Earnings of $1.57 Per Share ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) Insider James P. Mcclure Sells 1,970 Shares of Stock PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Insider Anne Mccallion Sells 4,572 Shares of Stock GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Insider Barbara Martin Coppola Sells 2,073 Shares of Stock OHR Pharmaceutical Inc (OHRP) CFO Samuel Backenroth Buys 71,429 Shares Merck & Co., Inc. Forecasted to Post FY2021 Earnings of $4.85 Per Share (MRK) DHT Holdings Inc (DHT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $73.29 Million Stanley Furniture Co. (STLY) Short Interest Down 17.3% in March Clarke Inc. (CKI) Insider Clarke Inc. Buys 21,800 Shares Short Interest in SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Drops By 1.9% Hecla Mining Company (HL) Director Anthony P. Taylor Sells 30,000 Shares of Stock B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Insider Dale Alton Craig Sells 80,000 Shares of Stock Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Stake Increased by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Maintains Stake in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Stake Decreased by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Capital City Trust Co. FL Sells 20 Shares of Fastenal Company (FAST) Agenus Inc (AGEN) CEO Garo H. Armen Buys 100,000 Shares of Stock Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Engility Holdings, Inc. (EGL) Will Announce Earnings of $0.42 Per Share April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts predict that Engility Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:EGL) will announce $0.42 earnings per share for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Four analysts have issued estimates for Engility Holdings’ earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.37 to $0.46. Engility Holdings posted earnings of $0.24 per share in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 75%. The company is scheduled to issue its next quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Thursday, May 4th. On average, analysts expect that Engility Holdings will report full year earnings of $2.08 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.98 to $2.16. For the next financial year, analysts anticipate that the business will post earnings of $2.23 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.02 to $2.33. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that that provide coverage for Engility Holdings. Engility Holdings (NYSE:EGL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 9th. The company reported $0.51 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.50 by $0.01. Engility Holdings had a positive return on equity of 9.35% and a negative net margin of 12.16%. The firm had revenue of $506.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $512.77 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.66 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 5.7% on a year-over-year basis. EGL has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Engility Holdings from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Noble Financial raised shares of Engility Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Cowen and Company set a $36.00 price objective on shares of Engility Holdings and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Vertical Research started coverage on shares of Engility Holdings in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. They set a “hold” rating and a $31.00 price objective for the company. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Engility Holdings from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $34.88. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Engility Holdings by 1,008.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 88,916 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,801,000 after buying an additional 80,897 shares during the period. Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its position in shares of Engility Holdings by 50.5% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 17,970 shares of the company’s stock worth $606,000 after buying an additional 6,030 shares during the period. Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC acquired a new position in shares of Engility Holdings during the fourth quarter worth $16,294,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Engility Holdings by 9.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 245,670 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,739,000 after buying an additional 21,989 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Engility Holdings by 42.8% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 264,537 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,333,000 after buying an additional 79,350 shares during the period. 93.17% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Engility Holdings (NYSE:EGL) traded down 1.90% on Tuesday, reaching $26.34. The company had a trading volume of 62,823 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is $968.76 million. Engility Holdings has a 52-week low of $18.21 and a 52-week high of $39.16. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $29.08 and a 200 day moving average price of $31.54. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Engility Holdings, Inc. (EGL) Will Announce Earnings of $0.42 Per Share” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/zacks-analysts-anticipate-engility-holdings-inc-egl-will-announce-earnings-of-0-42-per-share.html. About Engility Holdings Engility Holdings, Inc (Engility) is a provider of systems engineering services, training, program management, and operational support for the United States Government worldwide. The Company’s business is focused on providing a range of engineering, technical, analytical, advisory, training, logistics and support services. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Engility Holdings (EGL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Engility Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Engility Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Politics Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Politics Home Executive Senate House Defense Judiciary Fox News Poll Fox News Halftime Report The mother of all news dumps By Chris Stirewalt Published April 14, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   **Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day? Sign up here.** THE MOTHER OF ALL NEWS DUMPS It’s the Friday before a holiday weekend, and for more than 200 million Americans who are professing Christians, its Good Friday – which means church services for some, travel for many and errands for almost all.  It also happens to be a fantastic day for a news dump.  For the uninitiated, an afternoon like this one is a great time to break some bad news. It’s still technically a workday. But people are distracted. News organizations are short-staffed. The stock market is closed. And by about 3 p.m. ET, most of America has checked out of work mode.  And by Monday, there will be a whole new set of outrages, viral videos, hot takes and sensations to absorb our attention. If your company isn’t getting the patent, if you’re dropping out of the race, if the congressman’s Twitter wasn’t really hacked or if you’re sorry to say that, yes, in fact that really was you in the videotape, this is your moment! And in Washington, it certainly feels like a banner day to, as the song says, “let it go.” And there’s certainly plenty of inventory. The White House alone is bursting like an Easter basket of possibilities. Fire Steve Bannon? Offload other troublesome staffers? “Re-accommodate” Reince Prebius from chief of staff and elevate economic adviser Gary Cohn? Release documents? Shuck another campaign promise or two?  With so much gossip, so many leaks and so much drama it could seemingly be anything.  But if we are going to let our imaginations run, let’s let them run as wildly and freely as a pack of toddlers all jacked up on Peeps.  With that in mind, we offer you the Halftime Report’s fantasy Good Friday news releases. The mother of all news dumps, if you will. Here’s what we wish you would be missing while you are fighting over the last ham at the grocery store: 1) United Airlines announces it is cancelling its long-scheduled but ill-timed cross promotion with World Wrestling Entertainment: “Smack Down High Fares.” 2) Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will suspend her bid to join the Chappaqua, N.Y. Zoning Board, “blaming powerful floral interests” who she says are backing the new signage for Edith’s Flowers and Gifts for the setback. No determination has been made about the estimated $7.5 million in campaign funds Clinton raised. 3) President Trump’s executive order re-naming “Trumpsconsin,” “Trumpsylvania” and “Trumpigan” was issued without prior review by the White House Counsel’s Office. The order is temporarily withdrawn pending Jared and Ivanka’s return from their skiing trip.  4) Energy Secretary Rick Perry did not, contrary to fake news reports from the dishonest media, discharge a firearm in the large conference room on the fourth floor in celebration of the early completion of the quarterly Federal Energy Regulatory Commission review. In other news, the small conference room on the sixth floor will be temporarily closed for renovations.  5) Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer apologizes for the insensitivity of having JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Deutsche Bank as sponsors of his People’s Justice Uprising for Climate and Income Equality event scheduled for next week. The leader still hopes that Sen. Bernie Sanders will reconsider and attend but disagrees with the assessment from his good friend from Vermont that the leader is “a putz.” 6) Supreme Court Associate Justice Neil Gorsuch acknowledges the authenticity of photographs and one very disturbing video showing him as a former roadie for the heavy metal band Queensrÿche and engaged in what some have deemed as acts of animal cruelty. Those looking for an on-the-record quote from the justice can feel free to use the following: “Too late now, suckers. “Rage for Order,” b---hes!.” 7) The Washington Post’s new front-page motto “Democracy dies in darkness” will be replaced by something more in keeping with the paper’s current mission: “Click this link or Donald Trump will eat your liver.” 8) Fox News anchor Dana Perino actually likes cats better. There. She said it. Are you people happy now?   9) House Speaker Paul Ryan was released without charges today by the Hamilton County Ohio Sheriff’s Department following what the speaker deemed “a simple misunderstanding.” While he was, as local outlets have reported, found on the property of his good friend and colleague former Speaker John Boehner, officials had no admissible evidence that Speaker Ryan was in any way responsible for the vandalism to the Boehner’s lawn mower or for burning the words “YOU DID THIS TO ME” in the family’s front yard with gasoline. 10) A statement from White House press secretary Sean Spicer: “As God is my witness, I had no idea when I kicked that bag in frustration that it contained a puppy. While I was wrong to vent my frustrations by kicking anything, I had no way of knowing that in the velvet bag was an Easter gift to one of my aides from her fiancée. I certainly could not know that it contained an adorable, six-week old Irish setter named Bella, with the most beautiful big brown eyes that just break your damned heart. Moreover, the only reason the whimpering puppy limped into the packed press room just moments before I was to begin my briefing was that I was distracted by my efforts to obtain veterinary care for the injured animal. I’m so sorry, Bella…” THE RULEBOOK: THE CIRCLE OF LIFE  “The surrounding powers impose an absolute necessity of union to a certain degree, at the same time that they nourish by their intrigues the constitutional vices which keep the republic in some degree always at their mercy.” – Alexander Hamilton or James Madison,Federalist No. 20 TIME OUT: EGGS? REALLY? TIME: “Easter, which takes place this Sunday, usually occurs towards the beginning of spring, a season when plants bloom and animals give birth. Eggs in particular are a clear symbol of rebirth and fertility. …But when it comes to the Easter egg, however, evidence suggests that the obvious metaphor came after the association between the holiday and the item was already established. The story starts in Medieval Europe, but it may or may not have originated with Christians. According to some, the first Easter eggs actually belonged to a different religious tradition. ‘Many scholars believe that Easter had its origins as an early Anglo-Saxon festival that celebrated the goddess Eastre, and the coming of spring, in a sense a resurrection of nature after winter,’ Carole Levin, Professor of History and Director of the Medieval and Renaissance Studies Program at the University of Nebraska, tells TIME in an email.” Flag on the play? - Email us at HALFTIMEREPORT@FOXNEWS.COM with your tips, comments or questions. POWER PLAY: GET YOUR ROLL ON  Before you begin your Easter weekend Fox News politics editor Chris Stirewalt is back with another ‘Power Play’ quiz show on the week’s news and more! With the holiday around the corner we brushed up on Washington’s Easter history. Do you know who the first president was to host the Easter Egg Roll at the White House and why? Test your knowledge against this week's players, Chris Deaton and Susan Ferrechio. WATCH HERE PLAY-BY-PLAY Eli Lake explores likelihood of troops going into Syria - Bloomberg  Poll: After airstrikes in Syria Trump’s foreign policy disapproval drops - Marist College  Behind Trump’s ObamaCare bargaining chip - NYT A new Steve tries to rise: Stephen Miller expands his profile at the White House - Politico Trump admin only has the funds to build seven miles of border wall - The Hill VP Pence will travel to South Korea on Sunday to show U.S. commitment - Reuters Sen. Jeff Flake faces brutal Arizona town hall - Arizona Republic Nancy Pelosi wants Congress back in session to debate the president’s recent decisions - The Hill DCCC raises record breaking $31 million in first quarter - The Hill ANY GIVEN SUNDAY Watch “Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace” Check local listings for broadcast times in your area. #mediabuzz - Host Howard Kurtz has the latest take on the week’s media coverage. Watch #mediabuzz Sundays at 11 a.m. ET. AUDIBLE: BURN “They quietly go about their work and try not to get too worked up over the headlines, including the fanciful notion that they spy on their fellow citizens via microwave ovens.” –Speaking at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, CIA Director Mike Pompeo compliments his staff while mocking Kellyanne Conway’s statement regarding the president’s claim that the Obama administration wiretapped Trump Tower.   FROM THE BLEACHERS “In [yesterday’s] Audible NYC to OK, an unnamed Republican spouted some gibberish about Oklahoma City or the Ozarks. Being from Missouri, a large portion of which contains some of “the Ozarks’, I know several people, personally, and as evidenced by Missouri being a RED STATE, that would welcome the Trump organization’s businesses, buildings, and brand to our Show Me state; just as Trump himself is welcome as our POTUS. I don’t consider that unnamed person’s statement to be naïve and offensive to our State.  I consider THAT person to be even more naïve and offensive than he thinks we are.  The kicker is that he is STUPID too.” – Carla Ball, Kahoka, Mo. [Ed. note: Ms. Ball, I would not dare to endeavor to improve on what you’ve said. And I would be a little afraid to try…] “In attempting to reform healthcare, politicians should remember what H.L. Mencken said, ‘For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong.’ Americans dichotomize between ‘Healthcare’ and ‘My Healthcare.’  We support change as long as I and my family can receive the best care and fastest care when we need it. Healthcare cost inflation can be attributed to two events.  The introduction of Medicare in 1965 and the creation of the intermediary in 1936.  Since we do not have the courage to touch entitlements, a solution requires we diminish the intermediary's influence.  The core approach must be Health Saving Accounts which return health care purchasing responsibility to the individual.  How HSAs are structured is critical as are changes to the insurers market and reimbursement structures.  Politicians will never figure it out.” – Ira B. Korman, Dallas  [Ed. note: Very well said, Mr. Korman! Giving the federal government the problems of health insurance and health care (two very different things) to try to solve would be like asking an orangutan to replace the alternator in your car. They make a lot of noise and create a lot of mess, but things never seem to end up in the right place. You sound like a person who knows from whence he speaks on this subject, so I am inclined to defer to you. But I do know this: one of the reasons that people have lost so much confidence in the government over the past 50 years is that people have continued to ask it to do things for which it is neither designed nor equipped. It’s unfair to be disappointed when the orangutan puts your alternator in wrong.]  Share your color commentary: Email us at  HALFTIMEREPORT@FOXNEWS.COM and please make sure to include your name and hometown. G.O.A.T. WREG: “… [Speedy the goat], the loud family pet, is now being hailed a hero. … [Abigail Bruce] said her sleep was interrupted Saturday night by Speedy. Speedy was jumping on her legs and then her chest. … ‘I woke up to Abigail running into the room saying it was smokey and she could barely breathe,’ said her father Nick Bruce. He soon realized the garage was engulfed in flames. … The family jumped out the bedroom window and onto the front lawn unscathed. … The family said it could have been worse if it weren't for Speedy. … Speedy joined the family two days before their home caught fire. The goat was an early birthday gift for Abigail. ‘I didn't approve of him at first but he'll be there from now on,’ said Nick Bruce.” AND NOW, A WORD FROM CHARLES… “And the reason it is a radical departure is because in the inaugural address he defines national interests very narrowly, and here, what we are back to is the traditional American understanding of national interests as a broad definition going all the way back to Harry Truman in which we define our interest as worldwide.” – Charles Krauthammer on “Special Report with Bret Baier.” Chris Stirewalt is the politics editor for Fox News. Brianna McClelland contributed to this report. Want FOX News Halftime Report in your inbox every day? Sign up here. Chris Stirewalt joined Fox News Channel (FNC) in July of 2010 and serves as politics editor based in Washington, D.C. Additionally, he authors the daily Fox News Halftime Report political news note and co-hosts the hit podcast, Perino & Stirewalt: I'll Tell You What. He also is the host of Power Play, a feature video series on FoxNews.com. Stirewalt makes frequent appearances on network programs, including America’s Newsroom, Special Report with Bret Baier and Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace. He also provides expert political analysis for FNC’s coverage of state, congressional and presidential elections. Advertisement Trending in Politics 1 Tax Day protests: Anti-Trump marches planned nationwide to demand tax returns 2 Sean Spicer reports to Pentagon for Navy Reserve duty 3 MOAB drop ordered by US general, Trump approval not needed, officials say 4 Pro-Trump blogger Cernovich getting big scoops, mainstream attention 5 Christian persecution: How many are being killed, where they are being killed Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wall Street loses the spring in its step CBS News Anthony Mirhaydari 15 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL For inflation, it's all about oil Consumer inflation posts biggest drop in over 2 years Wall Street doesn’t have to worry about a meltdown today because, thankfully, the markets will be closed for the Easter holiday weekend. But equities sure were hit hard on Thursday, with a 139-point (0.7 percent) drop pushing the Dow Jones industrials index further from its 50-day moving average.  Quotes in the article JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 84.40 -1.00 -1.17% Wells Fargo & Co WFC ▼ 51.35 -1.77 -3.33% Citigroup Inc C ▼ 58.04 -0.47 -0.80% AdChoices This is now the most significant downtrend for U.S. stocks since before Election Day.  It puts an end to a tight two-month trading range as the first-quarter earnings season kicks off. Investors are growing increasingly concerned about President Donald Trump’s shift away from domestic priorities like tax reform and health care legislation to foreign policy, where the White House can exercise power more unilaterally. The situation in Syria remains at a low boil, and the standoff with North Korea is heating up as the Trump administration puts pressure on China to get Pyongyang under control on fears the despotic nation is preparing another nuclear weapons test. And on Thursday President Trump dropped the “the “mother of all bombs” bomb on ISIS positions in Afghanistan. Bank stocks were hit after JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Citigroup reported results, reversing an initial surge on better-than-expected earnings and revenues. As investors dig into the results’ details, negatives like surging credit card charge-offs, lower mortgage originations and tighter net interest margins dampened spirits. Wells Fargo fell 3.3 percent despite beating earnings estimates because the results were low quality, helped by provisions and taxes. Revenues missed on softer net interest margins. Mortgage applications fell by 23 percent quarter-over-quarter to just $59 billion, below the nadir hit in 2014 and back to financial crisis lows. JPMorgan lost 1.2 percent in sympathy, setting up a possible test of its 200-day moving average, not touched since last summer. That would be a near 11 percent decline from here.  The bank reported earnings of $1.65 per share on revenues $25.6 billion vs. estimates of $1.51 and $24.6 billion, respectively. But average core loans increased 9 percent over last year, missing estimates for 10 percent growth and fueling concerns about slowing U.S. loan demand. On the economic front, March producer prices fell 0.1 percent vs. the flat reading expected. On an annual basis, however, prices posted their largest increase since March 2012, up 2.3 percent.  Consumers keep beaming with confidence, as the April Michigan consumer sentiment index came in at 98 vs. the 96.5 expected and the 96.9 reported in March. The current conditions subindex hit its highest level since 2000 and nearly reached the all-time high set in 1999. But looking ahead, stocks look vulnerable to continued further drops as the CBOE Volatility Index, Wall Street’s fear gauge, hits preelection levels on the geopolitical turmoil. And market breadth, or the share of stocks moving higher, continues to narrow in a clear warnings signal: The percentage of NYSE stocks above their 50-day moving average, a measure of medium-term trend, fell to just 47 percent on Thursday down from a high of more than 83 percent set in early January. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CBS News The 11 highest-paying companies in America CBS News 5 cars turning heads at the New York Auto Show CBS News CBS News View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
login register advertise back issues contact us subscribe   artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance news recent Archive 04.13.17 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement 04.13.17 Pierre Huber to Close Art & Public Gallery in Geneva 04.13.17 Hauser & Wirth Names Randy Kennedy as Director of Special Projects 04.13.17 Dispute Threatens Plans to Establish Hilma af Klint Museum 04.13.17 James Baldwin Returns to Harlem 04.13.17 Robert Ryman Gifts Twenty-One Works to Dia Art Foundation 04.12.17 Lower Manhattan Cultural Council Awards 2017 Grants and Residencies 04.12.17 Carriage Trade Gallery Reopens in New York recent Archive week of 02.13.17 week of 02.06.17 week of 01.30.17 week of 01.23.17 week of 01.16.17 week of 01.09.17 week of 01.02.17 week of 12.26.16 week of 12.19.16 week of 12.12.16 week of 12.05.16 week of 11.28.16 week of 11.21.16 week of 11.14.16 week of 11.07.16 week of 10.31.16 week of 10.24.16 week of 10.17.16 week of 10.10.16 week of 10.03.16 Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the opening of Documenta 14 in Athens Andrew Hultkrans on fake news Pia Capelli at the 22nd edition of MiArt Michael Wilson at the 7th annual Brooklyn Artists Ball Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the 6th Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival in Cairo Kate Sutton at the 1st Kathmandu Triennale Diary Picks Film Newest Reviews “Signifying Form” John McAllister Maeve Brennan Stephen Irwin Rene Ricard Trish Tillman Sebastião Salgado Erwin Wurm “Échame Aguas” Vincenzo Agnetti Tommy Hartung Christopher Williams Zhang Enli Roberto Cuoghi Michel Nedjar Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Nick Pinkerton on Anocha Suwichakornpong’s By the Time It Gets Dark Paige K. Bradley on Makoto Shinkai’s Your Name Nick Pinkerton on “Ecstasy and Irony: Czech Cinema, 1927–1943” Nick Pinkerton on All These Sleepless Nights Amy Taubin on Tony Conrad: Completely in the Present Charlie Fox on John Waters’s Multiple Maniacs POSTED April 14, 2017 Lorraine Pearce (1934–2017) Lorraine Pearce, White House curator, with a visitor in the China room. Photo: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Lorraine Pearce, a decorative arts scholar who became the first curator for the White House, died in Charlottesville, Virginia, on March 14 at the age of eighty-two, Richard Sandomir of the New York Times reports. Former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy asked Pearce to help her restore the White House’s historic rooms, which were given a modern look during a restoration under president Harry Truman. Pearce created the curator position and then began working to revert the rooms to the style they were decorated in after the 1817 reconstruction. Born in the Bronx on April 14, 1934, Pearce studied at the City College of New York before traveling to Strasbourg, France, on a Fulbright Scholarship. She earned her master’s degree in early American culture from the Winterthur Program at the University of Delaware. Founder of the Winterthur Museum Henry Francis du Pont recommended Pearce to the Kennedys while serving as chairman of the White House Fine Arts Committee. ► MORE During her tenure at the presidential mansion, Pearce cataloged the White House’s historic objects including, furniture, paintings, statues, and antiques, sorted through storage, and conducted extensive research on items that were for sale and donated. Among Pearce’s discoveries were a mirror that belonged to George Washington and a chair that once sat in Abraham Lincoln’s bedroom. LESS Permalink Comments LATEST NEWS April 14, 2017 Gillian Wearing Becomes First Woman to Create Work for UK’s Parliament Square Gillian Wearing Photo: Linda Nylind for The Guardian The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has announced that Turner-Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing will be the first woman commissioned to make an artwork for the UK’s Parliament Square, Mark Brown of The Guardian reports. The “milestone project” was endorsed by Prime Minister Theresa May earlier this month. Wearing will create a statue of suffragette Millicent Fawcett, who led the biggest suffrage organization, the NUWSS, from 1890 to 1919, and played a key role in gaining women the vote. The work will be installed alongside nine statues of men—Sir Robert Peel, Benjamin Disraeli, the Earl of Derby, Lord Palmerston, Field Marshal Jan Smuts, Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Nelson Mandela, and Mahatma Gandhi. The statue will be installed in 2018 during the upcoming centenary celebrations of women winning the right to vote in the UK. Activist Caroline Criado-Perez launched a campaign to break up the male-dominated square in 2016. She started a petition that was signed by 85,000 people. “Women make up more than half the population—but from looking at our public spaces, you would never know that,” Criado-Perez said. “Just 2.7 percent of British statues are of named women, and even these are mostly royals.” ► MORE In the September 2011 issue of Artforum, Emily Hall reviewed Wearing’s show at Tanya Bonakdar Gallery in New York. She wrote: “Long before Facebook, Gillian Wearing was pulling apart the conflicted, mediated relationship between our real selves and those we present to the world. Whether photographing strangers on the street holding signs that state what they’re thinking, or documenting herself dancing wildly in a public place, or filming adults as they lip-synch to recordings of children speaking, she mixes and matches the elements of identity—those elements that we assume compose our selves, our most private selves—and makes them public in ways that confound personhood rather than cement it.” LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 William Kentridge Establishes Johannesburg Art Center William Kentridge at his independent art center in Johannesburg. Photo: Stella Olivier After the closure of South Africa’s Johannesburg Art Gallery sparked concerns over dwindling funds for public art institutions, South African artist William Kentridge decided to open an independent art center, Cristina Ruiz of the Art Newspaper reports. Located in the Arts on Main complex in Central Johannesburg, which also houses Kentridge’s studio and other cultural organizations, the center opened in March with a series of performances, film screenings, and exhibitions. “Ideally, we would have double the space and double the money, but I think the small scale is also good,” Kentridge said. “As soon as it gets larger it gets lost in questions of committees and trustees, and suddenly everyone is having to write big proposals to justify their work before it is made rather than allowing the work to come from the very uncertainty around it.” Kentridge is critical of NGOs, non-governmental organizations, which support art projects because in order to receive funding artists must adhere to their funding guidelines, which can restrict their vision for a work. He believes artists should be able to experiment and make work that isn’t successful without fearing repercussions, which is why the artist calls the venue a center for the “less good idea.” He wants it to be a “safe space for uncertainty, doubt, stupidity and, at times, failure.” ► MORE The center will organize two seasons of programming each year. Kentridge has committed to funding the space for the next three years, but did not confirm how much he invested in the project. According to reports in South African media outlets, the center has an annual budget of $229,000. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Phillips Appoints Lilly Chan Managing Director of Asia Lilly Chan Phillips has named Lilly Chan, Christie’s global managing director for Asian art, as its new managing director of Asia. Chan will take up the post in May and will be based in the company’s Hong Kong office. Chan will be responsible for implementing and managing all strategic, procedural, and operational aspects of the company in Asia with a focus on realizing Phillips’s vision for building the brand. Prior to joining Christie’s, Chan worked at JP Morgan Treasury Services, where she was the head of new product marketing for the Asia-Pacific market. “The importance of Asia to our overall international growth strategy cannot be overstated,” said Phillips CEO Edward Dolman. “The collecting of contemporary art, design objects, photographs, and jewelry in Asia has been growing at an exponential rate and we are seeing more Asian collectors at our New York and London auctions. A foremost priority for us has been to strengthen our presence in Asia and build relationships with collectors across the region—and a critical component in this ambitious plan is the appointment of an experienced managing director such as Lilly. I look forward to working with her and our entire Asian team to build our reputation as the most innovative auction house in the region.” ► MORE Along with growing the Hong Kong office, Phillips has made a series of recent appointments to boost its presence in Asia. In the past year, the company named Jane Yoon as the regional representative in Korea, Cindy Yen in Taiwan, and Kyoko Hattori in Japan. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Pedro Lasch to Join Usdan Summer Camp as First-Ever Artist in Residence Pedro Lasch Usdan Summer Camp for the arts—an arts education initiative founded in 1968 that today serves more than 1,500 students each year—has announced that artist Pedro Lasch has been chosen as its inaugural artist in residence. Located in Wheatley Heights on Long Island, New York, the nonprofit program welcomes students from ages four to eighteen. Beginning this summer, Lasch will launch a three-year art project in collaboration with Usdan’s students, faculty, and staff. “Dreaming in the Woods” will draw from the people, grounds, and resources at Usdan for inspiration in the creation of new works and will give students first-hand experience in making art. “Often, collaborations with children are dismissed as not being ‘professional’ or ‘real art,’” Lasch said. “I’m excited to be doing this work at Usdan—a camp known for putting the student at the center and fostering creativity on all levels—as a way to challenge these typical perspectives and push towards a collaborative and innovative contemporary art engagement.” ► MORE Executive director Lauren Brandt Schloss said, “As discussions about launching the artist-in-residence program at Usdan took hold, Pedro was always top of mind. The goal of these artists in residence initiatives is to bring into all disciplines of contemporary art the ideas, concerns, and voices of youth.” Born and raised in Mexico City, Lasch studied art at Cooper Union before earning his master’s degree from Goldsmiths College in London. From 1999 to 2005, he served as the founding director of the experimental program Art, Story-Telling, and the Five Senses in Jackson Heights, Queens, and joined Duke University as a professor in 2002. Lasch co-authored two books: Black Mirror/Espejo Negro, 2012, and Grand Gestures and (Im)modest Proposals, 2012. His work has been featured in exhibitions at PS1 MoMA, the Queens Museum, The Phillips Collection, the Fifty-Sixth Venice Biennale, the Eleventh Havana Biennale, and Documenta 13. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture Steve Tobin, Trinity Root, 2005. Pennsylvania-based sculptor Steve Tobin is suing Lower Manhattan’s Trinity Church for relocating an eighteen-foot-tall bronze memorial dedicated to the victims of the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Modeled after a massive Sycamore tree that grew in the churchyard until it was destroyed by debris from the Twin Towers, Trinity Root cost the artist more than $300,000 to make. Last year, Tobin was shocked when he found out that the church had moved the sculpture to a site in Connecticut without telling him. He also claims that the work was damaged during transport. Tobin’s lawyer Steven S. Honigman filed a lawsuit in a Manhattan Federal District Court on Wednesday after attempts to work out the issue with the church were unsuccessful. “This is about the solemn promise the church gave to Steve Tobin when he offered to create that sculpture,” Honigman said. “He offered to create it if the church would give it a permanent place in the courtyard. The church agreed.” ► MORE According to the complaint, Reverend William Lupfer, the eighteenth rector of Trinity, wanted to send the work away so that “hordes of strangers” would stop crowding the church’s courtyard. Even though Tobin no longer owns the piece, Honigman said the church is in violation of a law that “prohibits the removal of [permanent, site-specific] sculptures.” In response, the church said: “While we have no comment on this litigation, Trinity is pleased to have the sculpture at Trinity’s retreat center, where it will be among a collection of planned sites that will encourage prayerful reflection, remembrance, and spiritual transformation.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Knight Foundation Awards $250,000 to New Museum’s NEW INC New Museum The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation has announced that it will be investing $250,000 into the New Museum’s experimental initiative NEW INC. Now in its third year, the shared workspace and professional development program is expanding its scope and will investigate the impact technology has on the future of art museums. “Museum professionals need new skills and resources to meet changing demands and grab audience attention in an increasingly digital world,” said Victoria Rogers, the Knight Foundation’s vice president for arts. “NEW INC will help advance this goal, providing them the skills necessary to embrace technology, innovate, and create lasting impact for their institutions and their communities.” Based at the New Museum on the Lower East Side, NEW INC brings together more than one hundred cultural practitioners and creative entrepreneurs, including Rhizome and Columbia University’s GSAPP Incubator, for a twelve-month basis. With the additional funding, the New Museum will invite organizations focused on the experimentation, development, and adoption of new technologies that attract audiences to museums and engage visitors within the museum space. Five teams—up to ten people total—will receive fully subsidized memberships at NEW INC and will be eligible for up to $10,000 in seed funding. ► MORE “Museums have been experimenting with innovative technological applications for public engagement, presentation, preservation and more, but we believe the market is still underdeveloped and underserved, particularly as it pertains to small and mid-sized institutions,” said Julia Kaganskiy, director of NEW INC. “These NEW INC members will explore new exhibition design ideas, audience engagement tools, cost-effective products and more efficient services to meet this need.” Cofounded by Lisa Phillips and Karen Wong in 2014, NEW INC is the first museum-led incubator for art, design, and technology. Directed by Julia Kaganskiy, the initiative has helped launch more than one hundred startups ventures in the creative industries. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor of Wall Street’s Charging Bull Calls for Removal of Fearless Girl New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio with Fearless Girl. Photo: James Keivom for New York Daily News Arturo Di Modica, the sculptor of the iconic Charging Bull statue on Wall Street, is petitioning the two companies that commissioned the popular Fearless Girl statue, which was installed in front of his three-and-a-half-ton bronze bovine on March 7 for International Women’s Day, to remove the work, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Claiming that it violates the Visual Artists Rights Act by illegally commercializing his statue, Di Modica sent a letter to Boston-based State Street Global Advisors, the advertising agency McCann New York, and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio explaining that Charging Bull became wrapped up in an advertising campaign that he did not consent to. The letter states: “We request that the Fearless Girl statue be removed and placed somewhere else and that damages be awarded to Mr. Di Modica for the violation of his legal, statutory rights.” During a press conference the artist held in Midtown Manhattan on Wednesday, he said that Fearless Girl was an insult to his work, which was meant to be a symbol of “freedom in the world, peace, strength, power, and love” when it was installed after the stock market crashed in the 1980s. ► MORE Anne McNally, a spokeswoman for State Street Global, said, “We continue to be grateful to the City of New York and people around the world who have responded so enthusiastically to what the Fearless Girl represents—the power and potential of having more women in leadership.” While the Fearless Girl statue was only supposed to be installed for one month, de Blasio extended the permit for the work through February 2018. On Wednesday he tweeted: “Men who don’t like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement Carolee Schneemann in Salzburg, 2015. Photo: Andy Archer Carolee Schneemann will be awarded the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement at the Fifty-Seventh Venice Biennale, “VIVA ARTE VIVA,” opening on May 13. The decision was made by the Biennale’s board of directors, chaired by Paolo Baratta, upon recommendation of Christine Macel, the curator of this year’s exhibition. “Schneemann has been one of the most important figures in the development of performance and body art,” Macel said in a statement. “She uses her own body as the prevalent material of her art. In so doing, she situates women as both the creator and an active part of the creation itself. In opposition to traditional representation of women merely as nude object, she uses the naked body as a primal, archaic force [that can] unify energies. Her style is direct, sexual, liberating and autobiographical. She champions the importance of women’s sensual pleasure and she examines the possibilities of political and personal emancipation from predominant social and aesthetic conventions. Through the exploration of a large range of media, such as painting, filmmaking, video art, and performance, Schneemann re-writes her personal history of art, refusing the idea of an ‘his-tory’ narrated exclusively from the male point of view.” Born in Fox Chase, Pennsylvania, in 1939, Schneemann’s artistic career spans more than six decades. She has been a recipient of a number of awards including a 1999 Art Pace International artist residency in San Antonio, Texas; the Pollock-Krasner Foundation grant (1997, 1998); a 1993 Guggenheim fellowship; a Gottlieb Foundation grant; and a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship. She has also taught at many institutions including New York University, California Institute of the Arts, Bard College, and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. ► MORE Schneemann has authored a number of books, including Cezanne, She Was A Great Painter (1976); Early and Recent Work (1983); and More Than Meat Joy: Performance Works and Selected Writings (1979, 1997). Her works are found in the permanent collections of the Museum der Moderne in Salzburg; the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía in Madrid; New York’s MoMA; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; London’s Tate Modern; and the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, among others. In the February 2017 issue of Artforum, Lauren O’Neill-Butler reviews Schneemann’s two-part exhibition at P.P.O.W and Gallerie Lelong. She wrote: “What does an enduring commitment to feminist antiwar resistance look like? For more than five decades, Carolee Schneemann has underwritten her art with a desire to understand and observe. From Viet-Flakes, 1965, and Snows, 1967, which protested the Vietnam War, to the ‘Lebanon Series,’ 1983–91, on the destruction of Beirut, and Terminal Velocity, 2001–2005, wherein she took on 9/11, she has long borne witness to cruelty and empathy, though discussions of her oeuvre sideline this theme in favor of other, related issues of gender and sexuality.” Schneemann will receive the award during the awards ceremony and inauguration of the exhibition on Saturday, May 13 at Ca’ Giustinian, the Biennale’s headquarters. LESS Permalink Comments diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 All rights reserved. artforum.com is a registered trademark of Artforum International Magazine, New York, NY
login register advertise back issues contact us subscribe   artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance news recent Archive 04.13.17 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement 04.13.17 Pierre Huber to Close Art & Public Gallery in Geneva 04.13.17 Hauser & Wirth Names Randy Kennedy as Director of Special Projects 04.13.17 Dispute Threatens Plans to Establish Hilma af Klint Museum 04.13.17 James Baldwin Returns to Harlem 04.13.17 Robert Ryman Gifts Twenty-One Works to Dia Art Foundation 04.12.17 Lower Manhattan Cultural Council Awards 2017 Grants and Residencies 04.12.17 Carriage Trade Gallery Reopens in New York recent Archive week of 02.13.17 week of 02.06.17 week of 01.30.17 week of 01.23.17 week of 01.16.17 week of 01.09.17 week of 01.02.17 week of 12.26.16 week of 12.19.16 week of 12.12.16 week of 12.05.16 week of 11.28.16 week of 11.21.16 week of 11.14.16 week of 11.07.16 week of 10.31.16 week of 10.24.16 week of 10.17.16 week of 10.10.16 week of 10.03.16 Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the opening of Documenta 14 in Athens Andrew Hultkrans on fake news Pia Capelli at the 22nd edition of MiArt Michael Wilson at the 7th annual Brooklyn Artists Ball Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the 6th Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival in Cairo Kate Sutton at the 1st Kathmandu Triennale Diary Picks Film Newest Reviews “Signifying Form” John McAllister Maeve Brennan Stephen Irwin Rene Ricard Trish Tillman Sebastião Salgado Erwin Wurm “Échame Aguas” Vincenzo Agnetti Tommy Hartung Christopher Williams Zhang Enli Roberto Cuoghi Michel Nedjar Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Nick Pinkerton on Anocha Suwichakornpong’s By the Time It Gets Dark Paige K. Bradley on Makoto Shinkai’s Your Name Nick Pinkerton on “Ecstasy and Irony: Czech Cinema, 1927–1943” Nick Pinkerton on All These Sleepless Nights Amy Taubin on Tony Conrad: Completely in the Present Charlie Fox on John Waters’s Multiple Maniacs POSTED April 14, 2017 Gillian Wearing Becomes First Woman to Create Work for UK’s Parliament Square Gillian Wearing Photo: Linda Nylind for The Guardian The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has announced that Turner-Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing will be the first woman commissioned to make an artwork for the UK’s Parliament Square, Mark Brown of The Guardian reports. The “milestone project” was endorsed by Prime Minister Theresa May earlier this month. Wearing will create a statue of suffragette Millicent Fawcett, who led the biggest suffrage organization, the NUWSS, from 1890 to 1919, and played a key role in gaining women the vote. The work will be installed alongside nine statues of men—Sir Robert Peel, Benjamin Disraeli, the Earl of Derby, Lord Palmerston, Field Marshal Jan Smuts, Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Nelson Mandela, and Mahatma Gandhi. The statue will be installed in 2018 during the upcoming centenary celebrations of women winning the right to vote in the UK. Activist Caroline Criado-Perez launched a campaign to break up the male-dominated square in 2016. She started a petition that was signed by 85,000 people. “Women make up more than half the population—but from looking at our public spaces, you would never know that,” Criado-Perez said. “Just 2.7 percent of British statues are of named women, and even these are mostly royals.” ► MORE In the September 2011 issue of Artforum, Emily Hall reviewed Wearing’s show at Tanya Bonakdar Gallery in New York. She wrote: “Long before Facebook, Gillian Wearing was pulling apart the conflicted, mediated relationship between our real selves and those we present to the world. Whether photographing strangers on the street holding signs that state what they’re thinking, or documenting herself dancing wildly in a public place, or filming adults as they lip-synch to recordings of children speaking, she mixes and matches the elements of identity—those elements that we assume compose our selves, our most private selves—and makes them public in ways that confound personhood rather than cement it.” LESS Permalink Comments LATEST NEWS April 14, 2017 Lorraine Pearce (1934–2017) Lorraine Pearce, White House curator, with a visitor in the China room. Photo: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Lorraine Pearce, a decorative arts scholar who became the first curator for the White House, died in Charlottesville, Virginia, on March 14 at the age of eighty-two, Richard Sandomir of the New York Times reports. Former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy asked Pearce to help her restore the White House’s historic rooms, which were given a modern look during a restoration under president Harry Truman. Pearce created the curator position and then began working to revert the rooms to the style they were decorated in after the 1817 reconstruction. Born in the Bronx on April 14, 1934, Pearce studied at the City College of New York before traveling to Strasbourg, France, on a Fulbright Scholarship. She earned her master’s degree in early American culture from the Winterthur Program at the University of Delaware. Founder of the Winterthur Museum Henry Francis du Pont recommended Pearce to the Kennedys while serving as chairman of the White House Fine Arts Committee. ► MORE During her tenure at the presidential mansion, Pearce cataloged the White House’s historic objects including, furniture, paintings, statues, and antiques, sorted through storage, and conducted extensive research on items that were for sale and donated. Among Pearce’s discoveries were a mirror that belonged to George Washington and a chair that once sat in Abraham Lincoln’s bedroom. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 William Kentridge Establishes Johannesburg Art Center William Kentridge at his independent art center in Johannesburg. Photo: Stella Olivier After the closure of South Africa’s Johannesburg Art Gallery sparked concerns over dwindling funds for public art institutions, South African artist William Kentridge decided to open an independent art center, Cristina Ruiz of the Art Newspaper reports. Located in the Arts on Main complex in Central Johannesburg, which also houses Kentridge’s studio and other cultural organizations, the center opened in March with a series of performances, film screenings, and exhibitions. “Ideally, we would have double the space and double the money, but I think the small scale is also good,” Kentridge said. “As soon as it gets larger it gets lost in questions of committees and trustees, and suddenly everyone is having to write big proposals to justify their work before it is made rather than allowing the work to come from the very uncertainty around it.” Kentridge is critical of NGOs, non-governmental organizations, which support art projects because in order to receive funding artists must adhere to their funding guidelines, which can restrict their vision for a work. He believes artists should be able to experiment and make work that isn’t successful without fearing repercussions, which is why the artist calls the venue a center for the “less good idea.” He wants it to be a “safe space for uncertainty, doubt, stupidity and, at times, failure.” ► MORE The center will organize two seasons of programming each year. Kentridge has committed to funding the space for the next three years, but did not confirm how much he invested in the project. According to reports in South African media outlets, the center has an annual budget of $229,000. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Phillips Appoints Lilly Chan Managing Director of Asia Lilly Chan Phillips has named Lilly Chan, Christie’s global managing director for Asian art, as its new managing director of Asia. Chan will take up the post in May and will be based in the company’s Hong Kong office. Chan will be responsible for implementing and managing all strategic, procedural, and operational aspects of the company in Asia with a focus on realizing Phillips’s vision for building the brand. Prior to joining Christie’s, Chan worked at JP Morgan Treasury Services, where she was the head of new product marketing for the Asia-Pacific market. “The importance of Asia to our overall international growth strategy cannot be overstated,” said Phillips CEO Edward Dolman. “The collecting of contemporary art, design objects, photographs, and jewelry in Asia has been growing at an exponential rate and we are seeing more Asian collectors at our New York and London auctions. A foremost priority for us has been to strengthen our presence in Asia and build relationships with collectors across the region—and a critical component in this ambitious plan is the appointment of an experienced managing director such as Lilly. I look forward to working with her and our entire Asian team to build our reputation as the most innovative auction house in the region.” ► MORE Along with growing the Hong Kong office, Phillips has made a series of recent appointments to boost its presence in Asia. In the past year, the company named Jane Yoon as the regional representative in Korea, Cindy Yen in Taiwan, and Kyoko Hattori in Japan. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Pedro Lasch to Join Usdan Summer Camp as First-Ever Artist in Residence Pedro Lasch Usdan Summer Camp for the arts—an arts education initiative founded in 1968 that today serves more than 1,500 students each year—has announced that artist Pedro Lasch has been chosen as its inaugural artist in residence. Located in Wheatley Heights on Long Island, New York, the nonprofit program welcomes students from ages four to eighteen. Beginning this summer, Lasch will launch a three-year art project in collaboration with Usdan’s students, faculty, and staff. “Dreaming in the Woods” will draw from the people, grounds, and resources at Usdan for inspiration in the creation of new works and will give students first-hand experience in making art. “Often, collaborations with children are dismissed as not being ‘professional’ or ‘real art,’” Lasch said. “I’m excited to be doing this work at Usdan—a camp known for putting the student at the center and fostering creativity on all levels—as a way to challenge these typical perspectives and push towards a collaborative and innovative contemporary art engagement.” ► MORE Executive director Lauren Brandt Schloss said, “As discussions about launching the artist-in-residence program at Usdan took hold, Pedro was always top of mind. The goal of these artists in residence initiatives is to bring into all disciplines of contemporary art the ideas, concerns, and voices of youth.” Born and raised in Mexico City, Lasch studied art at Cooper Union before earning his master’s degree from Goldsmiths College in London. From 1999 to 2005, he served as the founding director of the experimental program Art, Story-Telling, and the Five Senses in Jackson Heights, Queens, and joined Duke University as a professor in 2002. Lasch co-authored two books: Black Mirror/Espejo Negro, 2012, and Grand Gestures and (Im)modest Proposals, 2012. His work has been featured in exhibitions at PS1 MoMA, the Queens Museum, The Phillips Collection, the Fifty-Sixth Venice Biennale, the Eleventh Havana Biennale, and Documenta 13. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture Steve Tobin, Trinity Root, 2005. Pennsylvania-based sculptor Steve Tobin is suing Lower Manhattan’s Trinity Church for relocating an eighteen-foot-tall bronze memorial dedicated to the victims of the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Modeled after a massive Sycamore tree that grew in the churchyard until it was destroyed by debris from the Twin Towers, Trinity Root cost the artist more than $300,000 to make. Last year, Tobin was shocked when he found out that the church had moved the sculpture to a site in Connecticut without telling him. He also claims that the work was damaged during transport. Tobin’s lawyer Steven S. Honigman filed a lawsuit in a Manhattan Federal District Court on Wednesday after attempts to work out the issue with the church were unsuccessful. “This is about the solemn promise the church gave to Steve Tobin when he offered to create that sculpture,” Honigman said. “He offered to create it if the church would give it a permanent place in the courtyard. The church agreed.” ► MORE According to the complaint, Reverend William Lupfer, the eighteenth rector of Trinity, wanted to send the work away so that “hordes of strangers” would stop crowding the church’s courtyard. Even though Tobin no longer owns the piece, Honigman said the church is in violation of a law that “prohibits the removal of [permanent, site-specific] sculptures.” In response, the church said: “While we have no comment on this litigation, Trinity is pleased to have the sculpture at Trinity’s retreat center, where it will be among a collection of planned sites that will encourage prayerful reflection, remembrance, and spiritual transformation.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Knight Foundation Awards $250,000 to New Museum’s NEW INC New Museum The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation has announced that it will be investing $250,000 into the New Museum’s experimental initiative NEW INC. Now in its third year, the shared workspace and professional development program is expanding its scope and will investigate the impact technology has on the future of art museums. “Museum professionals need new skills and resources to meet changing demands and grab audience attention in an increasingly digital world,” said Victoria Rogers, the Knight Foundation’s vice president for arts. “NEW INC will help advance this goal, providing them the skills necessary to embrace technology, innovate, and create lasting impact for their institutions and their communities.” Based at the New Museum on the Lower East Side, NEW INC brings together more than one hundred cultural practitioners and creative entrepreneurs, including Rhizome and Columbia University’s GSAPP Incubator, for a twelve-month basis. With the additional funding, the New Museum will invite organizations focused on the experimentation, development, and adoption of new technologies that attract audiences to museums and engage visitors within the museum space. Five teams—up to ten people total—will receive fully subsidized memberships at NEW INC and will be eligible for up to $10,000 in seed funding. ► MORE “Museums have been experimenting with innovative technological applications for public engagement, presentation, preservation and more, but we believe the market is still underdeveloped and underserved, particularly as it pertains to small and mid-sized institutions,” said Julia Kaganskiy, director of NEW INC. “These NEW INC members will explore new exhibition design ideas, audience engagement tools, cost-effective products and more efficient services to meet this need.” Cofounded by Lisa Phillips and Karen Wong in 2014, NEW INC is the first museum-led incubator for art, design, and technology. Directed by Julia Kaganskiy, the initiative has helped launch more than one hundred startups ventures in the creative industries. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor of Wall Street’s Charging Bull Calls for Removal of Fearless Girl New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio with Fearless Girl. Photo: James Keivom for New York Daily News Arturo Di Modica, the sculptor of the iconic Charging Bull statue on Wall Street, is petitioning the two companies that commissioned the popular Fearless Girl statue, which was installed in front of his three-and-a-half-ton bronze bovine on March 7 for International Women’s Day, to remove the work, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Claiming that it violates the Visual Artists Rights Act by illegally commercializing his statue, Di Modica sent a letter to Boston-based State Street Global Advisors, the advertising agency McCann New York, and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio explaining that Charging Bull became wrapped up in an advertising campaign that he did not consent to. The letter states: “We request that the Fearless Girl statue be removed and placed somewhere else and that damages be awarded to Mr. Di Modica for the violation of his legal, statutory rights.” During a press conference the artist held in Midtown Manhattan on Wednesday, he said that Fearless Girl was an insult to his work, which was meant to be a symbol of “freedom in the world, peace, strength, power, and love” when it was installed after the stock market crashed in the 1980s. ► MORE Anne McNally, a spokeswoman for State Street Global, said, “We continue to be grateful to the City of New York and people around the world who have responded so enthusiastically to what the Fearless Girl represents—the power and potential of having more women in leadership.” While the Fearless Girl statue was only supposed to be installed for one month, de Blasio extended the permit for the work through February 2018. On Wednesday he tweeted: “Men who don’t like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement Carolee Schneemann in Salzburg, 2015. Photo: Andy Archer Carolee Schneemann will be awarded the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement at the Fifty-Seventh Venice Biennale, “VIVA ARTE VIVA,” opening on May 13. The decision was made by the Biennale’s board of directors, chaired by Paolo Baratta, upon recommendation of Christine Macel, the curator of this year’s exhibition. “Schneemann has been one of the most important figures in the development of performance and body art,” Macel said in a statement. “She uses her own body as the prevalent material of her art. In so doing, she situates women as both the creator and an active part of the creation itself. In opposition to traditional representation of women merely as nude object, she uses the naked body as a primal, archaic force [that can] unify energies. Her style is direct, sexual, liberating and autobiographical. She champions the importance of women’s sensual pleasure and she examines the possibilities of political and personal emancipation from predominant social and aesthetic conventions. Through the exploration of a large range of media, such as painting, filmmaking, video art, and performance, Schneemann re-writes her personal history of art, refusing the idea of an ‘his-tory’ narrated exclusively from the male point of view.” Born in Fox Chase, Pennsylvania, in 1939, Schneemann’s artistic career spans more than six decades. She has been a recipient of a number of awards including a 1999 Art Pace International artist residency in San Antonio, Texas; the Pollock-Krasner Foundation grant (1997, 1998); a 1993 Guggenheim fellowship; a Gottlieb Foundation grant; and a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship. She has also taught at many institutions including New York University, California Institute of the Arts, Bard College, and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. ► MORE Schneemann has authored a number of books, including Cezanne, She Was A Great Painter (1976); Early and Recent Work (1983); and More Than Meat Joy: Performance Works and Selected Writings (1979, 1997). Her works are found in the permanent collections of the Museum der Moderne in Salzburg; the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía in Madrid; New York’s MoMA; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; London’s Tate Modern; and the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, among others. In the February 2017 issue of Artforum, Lauren O’Neill-Butler reviews Schneemann’s two-part exhibition at P.P.O.W and Gallerie Lelong. She wrote: “What does an enduring commitment to feminist antiwar resistance look like? For more than five decades, Carolee Schneemann has underwritten her art with a desire to understand and observe. From Viet-Flakes, 1965, and Snows, 1967, which protested the Vietnam War, to the ‘Lebanon Series,’ 1983–91, on the destruction of Beirut, and Terminal Velocity, 2001–2005, wherein she took on 9/11, she has long borne witness to cruelty and empathy, though discussions of her oeuvre sideline this theme in favor of other, related issues of gender and sexuality.” Schneemann will receive the award during the awards ceremony and inauguration of the exhibition on Saturday, May 13 at Ca’ Giustinian, the Biennale’s headquarters. LESS Permalink Comments diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 All rights reserved. artforum.com is a registered trademark of Artforum International Magazine, New York, NY
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sat, Apr 15, 2017 - Page 10　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp US banks post solid earnings, hopeful on Trump’s agenda AFP, NEW YORK Strong trading results, rather than lending, was the driving force behind solid earnings reported by large US banks on Thursday, as executives expressed measured optimism about the prospects for US President Donald Trump’s pro-growth agenda. JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc reported big jumps in first-quarter net income compared with the same period last year, while Wells Fargo & Co continued to feel the effects of a fake accounts scandal and reported flat profits, missing analysts’ forecasts, but in a sign of sluggishness at all three banks, loan growth was weak, especially in some key areas such as corporate loans, which can serve as a proxy on broader economic activity. “The economy is still what the economy was, it’s a slow-growth economy” Citigroup chief financial officer John Gerspach said on a conference call with reporters. “It’s not a robust economy yet, [but] I do believe that there is optimism that it will continue to grow and get better.” Gerspach said Trump’s election, as well as the expectations of tax cuts and other measures had boosted optimism for stronger growth, but “we haven’t seen concrete changes yet in policies.” Banking shares had rallied strongly on Trump’s election amid expectation that he would ease regulations and promote other growth measures, but the sector has cooled considerably. JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon described US consumers and businesses as “healthy overall,” but said growth could accelerate sharply if overly-constraining regulations were eased. Dimon declined to estimate the chances Trump would be able to enact such changes. “I don’t want to put odds on it, but I think you have a lot of people working on it to get it done,” he told reporters. JPMorgan said results were boosted by big jumps in trading of bonds and other financial products, as well as the benefit of higher interest rates. Net income rose 16.8 percent to US$6.5 billion. Citigroup also highlighted strong trading results, especially in interest rate-related products. Net income rose 16.8 percent to US$4.1 billion. Both banks also benefited from lower reserves compared with the first quarter last year, when they set aside hundreds of millions of dollars to protect against the possibility of energy defaults due to the oil industry slump. Wells Fargo also benefited from improvements in the energy sector, which permitted it to release US$200 million in reserves. However, the bank’s expenses for salaries and other non-interest costs rose by nearly four times that amount due to higher legal costs and greater spending on compliance programs. Earnings were US$5.5 billion, the same as the previous year. The bank experienced a 35 percent drop in the opening of new checking accounts and a 42 percent tumble in credit-card applications. “Right now, the most important job of this company is rebuilding trust,” Sloan said on a conference call with analysts. This story has been viewed 1649 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-04-08 to 2017-04-15 Most read Most e-mailed 1 USING IDIOMS 活用成語 2 The Liberty Times Editorial: Chiang Kai-shek’s place in history 3 EDITORIAL: Beijing losing points with detention 4 Firecracker pandemonium 炮聲喧天 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 Adidas, Carbon to mass-produce 3D-printed shoe 2 Man receives electronic eyes in successful surgery 3 Young workers’ salaries averaged NT$29,427 a month last year 青年平均月薪29K 4 Our newest citizens are deserving of praise 5 Navy plans to build an upgraded version of corvette: source MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tahoe Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Premier Gold Mines Ltd. (PG) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Scotiabank Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Given New C$31.00 Price Target at Scotiabank Oncolytics Biotech Inc. (ONC) Given New C$1.50 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Mandalay Resources Corp. (MND) Receives Outperform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) Receives Outperform Rating from Scotiabank Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Emera Inc (EMA) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at CSFB Brightcove Inc (BCOV) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $37.37 Million Inter Pipeline Ltd Announces Monthly Dividend of C$0.14 (IPL) KB Home Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.03 (KBH) Credit Suisse AG – Credit Suisse Silver Shares Covered Call Exchange Traded Notes (slvo) Announces Dividend of $0.02 China Telecom Co. Limited (CHA) Increases Dividend to $1.35 Per Share Sharon Dowdall Sells 4,524 Shares of NovaGold Resources Inc. (NG) Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Pennantpark Floating Rate Capital Ltd (PFLT) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research First National Bank of Omaha Reduces Position in Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Toro Co (TTC) Stake Maintained by CrestPoint Capital Management LLC First National Bank of Omaha Purchases 3,518 Shares of Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) J B Hunt Transport Services Inc (JBHT) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Vertical Research Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at CSFB April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - CA - Finance Tweet CSFB initiated coverage on shares of Tahoe Resources Inc (TSE:THO) (NASDAQ:TAHO) in a research report released on Thursday morning. The brokerage issued an outperform rating and a C$14.00 target price on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. National Bank Financial cut their target price on shares of Tahoe Resources from C$18.25 to C$14.50 in a research note on Friday, March 10th. CIBC cut shares of Tahoe Resources from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from C$18.00 to C$15.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their price objective on shares of Tahoe Resources from C$16.50 to C$15.00 in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an outperform rating and issued a C$15.00 price objective (down previously from C$16.00) on shares of Tahoe Resources in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity dropped their price objective on shares of Tahoe Resources from C$17.50 to C$15.00 and set a buy rating for the company in a research note on Friday, March 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of C$16.03. Shares of Tahoe Resources (TSE:THO) traded up 4.07% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $12.03. 2,432,722 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Tahoe Resources has a 12 month low of $9.58 and a 12 month high of $22.13. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $10.69 and a 200-day moving average price of $12.72. The stock has a market cap of $3.75 billion and a PE ratio of 29.56. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/tahoe-resources-inc-tho-receives-new-coverage-from-analysts-at-csfb.html. In other news, Director Drago Guillermo Kisic bought 11,142 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of C$7.17 per share, with a total value of C$79,888.14. About Tahoe Resources Tahoe Resources Inc is a mine operating, mineral exploration and development company. The Company’s principal business activities are to operate the Escobal mine, a silver mining operation in southeastern Guatemala; the La Arena mine, a gold mining operation located in northwestern Peru, and the Shahuindo gold mine, located in northwestern Peru. Receive News & Ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs April 14, 2017 You Pay Your Fair Share, Shouldn’t Wall Street? by Sarah Anderson by Tweet Email Did you pay all of your taxes this April? Wall Street banks typically pay much less than the official 35 percent corporate tax rate. And yet after attacking Hillary Clinton for her ties to Wall Street, President Donald Trump is pushing reforms that would make it even easier for big banks to rig the tax rules and skip out on paying their fair share. Nine of the largest and most profitable U.S. banks paid an average federal tax rate of only 18.6 percent between 2008 and 2015, according to a new paper co-published by the Institute for Policy Studies and several tax and Wall Street reform groups. By using various loopholes, these banks avoided paying about $80 billion that could’ve gone towards urgent public needs, like fixing our crumbling infrastructure and expanding pre-K programs. Under Trump’s plan, tax-dodging banks would pay even less. The official rate would drop to 15 percent, and they’d still benefit from loopholes that would let them pay even lower rates. (Photo: Flickr/ Michael Fleshman) One of the biggest loopholes allows U.S. banks and other large corporations to use “creative accounting” to shift profits earned in the United States to foreign nations with low or no corporate taxes. Corporations still owe U.S. taxes on these profits, but they can put off paying them indefinitely. Wouldn’t it be nice if you could just send Uncle Sam an IOU every year? Financial firms are particularly good at this offshore tax-dodging game. The six largest U.S. banks (Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Wells Fargo) have set up more than 2,300 subsidiaries in tax havens like Bermuda and the Cayman Islands. In 2016, they were holding nearly $150 billion in profits offshore. Trump’s tax plan would slash the rate on those offshore profits to just 10 percent, saving the banks an estimated $25 billion. When these tax discounts on offshore profits have been tried in the past, they didn’t help bring back U.S. jobs. Instead of doling out new tax breaks to Wall Street, lawmakers should be working to make sure these profitable firms pay their fair share. After all, these are the guys who drove our economy off a cliff with their recklessness and greed in 2008. After the crash, taxpayers put them on a path back to profitability with massive bailouts. Where is all that money going today? While much of the country continues to struggle with widespread unemployment, losing their homes, and skinny budgets, Wall Street’s high profits are once again driving sky-high pay for executives. At Citigroup, for example, a bank that wouldn’t exist today if it hadn’t been bailed out, CEO Michael Corbat made more than $42 million over the past three years. One practical way to generate much-needed revenue from Wall Street would be through a tax on short-term speculation. Working families pay sales taxes when they buy essentials like gas and shoes. But when Wall Street traders buy millions of dollars in stocks or derivatives and sell them a split second later, they don’t pay any tax at all. A tiny fee at rates of a few pennies per $100 of trading of stocks, bonds, and derivatives would raise massive revenue while discouraging the short-term speculation that produces no real economic value and makes markets less stable. Lawmakers should also consider using tax policy to discourage banks from taking on dangerous levels of debt. Reckless, excessive borrowing among so-called “too big to fail” banks was one of the key causes of the financial crisis. A small tax on big bank liabilities could raise significant money while preventing future bailouts. Trump’s tax giveaways to Wall Street and other big corporations won’t create good jobs or help Main Street businesses. As in the past, they’ll just line the pockets of executives. Distributed by OtherWords. Join the debate on Facebook Sarah Anderson directs the Global Economy Project at the Institute for Policy Studies. More articles by:Sarah Anderson next - The Bright Side of Deportation: Private Prison Stocks are Soaring!, previous - What Have We Done? Executive Power, Drones, and Trump, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year Weekend Edition April 14, 2017 Friday - Sunday John Pilger Australia Beckons a War With China Paul Street Bernie Sanders, the Company Man Jeffrey St. Clair Roaming Charges: Love at First Strike Joshua Frank Snipers and Infiltrators at Standing Rock: Quashing Protests at Taxpayer Expense Andrew Levine No More Silver Lining: Trump Turns Clintonian Vincent Emanuele Chocolate Cake, the MOAB and Hexavalent Chromium: Let the Good Times Roll! Theodore A. Postol An Assessment of the White House Intelligence Report About the Nerve Agent Attack in Khan Shaykhun, Syria Uri Avnery Syria: Cui Bono? Jason Hirthler Opportunity Strikes: Becoming a War President May Yet Salvage Trump’s Presidency John Laforge Nuclear Power Bums, Bailouts and Bankruptcy John Wight Hubris and Dysfunction in Trumpland Dave Lindorff Whackos in Washington: the Risky Game of Regime Decapitation Laura Carlsen Fighting Fear, Hundreds Join Border Caravan for Migrant Rights Pete Dolack Austerity Never Ends: Economists Say Wages Are Too High Charles Pierson The WTO Just Wants a Little Appreciation, Dammit Ted Rall Time for a Real Passenger Bill of Rights Brian Cloughley Western Hypocrisy About Airstrike Killings Missy Comley Beattie F the USA Murray Dobbin When Nazi Ghosts Come Back to Life Oscar Zambrano Monetary Barbarism at United Airlines Rev. William Alberts Easter is About Empathy, Not an Empty Tomb Atef Said From Tahrir to You: Claiming Democracy Beyond Trump Christopher Brauchli The Bright Side of Deportation: Private Prison Stocks are Soaring! Sarah Anderson You Pay Your Fair Share, Shouldn’t Wall Street? Jesselyn Radack What Have We Done? Executive Power, Drones, and Trump Andre Vltchek Only Rational Thinking Will Save the World Franklin Lamb Lebanon’s Outlawing of Palestinian Civil Rights Stansfield Smith Ecuador’s  Accomplishments Under the 10 Years of  Rafael Correa’s Citizen’s Revolution Kay Sather Do Not Add Water: the Politics of the Toilet David Rosen Are Sex Toys the Next Battleground in the Culture Wars? Richard Klin This is What You Get Ramzy Baroud Palestine Retold: Palestine’s Tragic Anniversaries are Not Only About Remembrance Peter Certo After the Chemical Attacks, It’s Time to Lift the Muslim Ban Michael J. Sainato Smog Alert: What Trump’s EPA Cut Proposals Could Do to Air Quality Joseph Natoli Psychotocracy in a Post-Truth World Binoy Kampmark Dreaming of Coal: Turnbull Goes to India Patrick Bond South Africa Writhes in New Political-Economic Birth Pains Dmitry Shlapentokh The Lesson of “Ashokacare” Matthew Vernon Whalan War on Kids: the Psychology of Politics of Future Destruction Abel Cohen Worse Than Nixon Randy Shields Comrade Rat-Face, Where is the Chess? John Eskow J Geils and the Death of the American Band Louis Proyect Corruption and Poverty in Bulgaria Charles R. Larson Review: Nadeem Aslam’s “The Golden Legend” David Yearsley MOAB Music CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Endo International plc - - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International plc - with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Monsanto Company (MON) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Receives Buy Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $2.13 Billion Endo International plc – (ENDP) Given “Buy” Rating at Mizuho Brokerages Anticipate Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $1.01 Billion Triton International Limited (TRTN) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Vodafone Group plc (VOD) Given a GBX 270 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Workspace Group plc (WKP) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Associated British Foods plc (ASBFY) Upgraded to Buy by Jefferies Group LLC Insider Buying: Firsthand Technology Value Fund Inc (SVVC) Director Purchases $32,320.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Culp, Inc. (CFI) Chairman Sells $30,304.00 in Stock Layne Christensen Company (LAYN) CFO J Michael Anderson Buys 2,000 Shares Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc. (FAX) to Issue $0.04 Monthly Dividend Regentatlantic Capital LLC Has $10.057 Million Stake in Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Shares Bought by Regentatlantic Capital LLC Regentatlantic Capital LLC Has $1.77 Million Position in Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Regentatlantic Capital LLC Acquires 1,583 Shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) BB&T Co. (BBT) Shares Sold by Orrstown Financial Services Inc. United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Position Cut by Regentatlantic Capital LLC BP plc (BP) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Endo International plc – (ENDP) Given “Buy” Rating at Mizuho April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Mizuho reiterated their buy rating on shares of Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) in a report issued on Thursday morning. They currently have a $18.00 target price on the stock. ENDP has been the subject of several other research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Endo International plc – from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Barclays PLC lowered their price objective on shares of Endo International plc – from $22.00 to $15.00 and set an equal weight rating for the company in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $12.00 price objective on shares of Endo International plc – and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Endo International plc – from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $20.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, JMP Securities reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a $20.00 price objective on shares of Endo International plc – in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Thirteen research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $20.72. Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) traded down 0.05% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $10.75. 6,351,077 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is $2.40 billion. Endo International plc – has a 12 month low of $9.70 and a 12 month high of $35.34. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $11.21 and a 200-day moving average price of $15.01. Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $1.77 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.14. Endo International plc – had a negative net margin of 3.32% and a positive return on equity of 15.95%. The company earned $1.24 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.17 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.36 EPS. Endo International plc -‘s revenue was up 15.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Endo International plc – will post $3.60 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Endo International plc – (ENDP) Given “Buy” Rating at Mizuho” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/endo-international-plc-endp-given-buy-rating-at-mizuho.html. In other news, Director Nancy J. Hutson sold 5,325 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.82, for a total transaction of $57,616.50. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.70% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL boosted its position in Endo International plc – by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL now owns 47,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $782,000 after buying an additional 800 shares during the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its stake in Endo International plc – by 132.1% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 6,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 3,700 shares in the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its stake in Endo International plc – by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 449,599 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,059,000 after buying an additional 4,000 shares in the last quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp boosted its stake in Endo International plc – by 1.1% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp now owns 425,759 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,579,000 after buying an additional 4,544 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Endo International plc – by 139.3% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 7,897 shares of the company’s stock valued at $159,000 after buying an additional 4,597 shares in the last quarter. 95.50% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Endo International plc – Endo International PLC, formerly Endo Health Solutions Inc is a specialty healthcare solutions company focused on branded and generic pharmaceuticals, devices and services. The Company has a portfolio of branded pharmaceuticals that includes brands, such as Lidoderm, Opana ER, Voltaren Gel, Percocet, Frova, Supprelin LA, Vantas, Valstar and Fortesta Gel. Receive News & Ratings for Endo International plc - Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International plc - and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cobham plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cobham plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BP plc (BP) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Clinigen Group PLC (CLIN) Given Buy Rating at N+1 Singer Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Cobham plc (COB) Price Target Raised to GBX 135 at Kepler Capital Markets Great Panther Silver (GPL) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.14 Enerplus Corp (ERF) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Global Net Lease (GNL) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Shares Sold by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Gradient Investments LLC Reduces Position in Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Now Covered by Analysts at CIBC Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Takes Position in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” BP plc (BP) Receives “Buy” Rating from Morgan Stanley Oncolytics Biotech Inc. (ONC) Price Target Raised to C$1.50 at Royal Bank of Canada Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 60 Shares of Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Metlife Inc (MET) Shares Sold by Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC Capita Plc (CTAGY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Cobham plc (COB) Price Target Raised to GBX 135 at Kepler Capital Markets April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Cobham plc (LON:COB) had its price objective boosted by Kepler Capital Markets from GBX 120 ($1.49) to GBX 135 ($1.68) in a report released on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a hold rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on COB. Liberum Capital reissued a hold rating and set a GBX 115 ($1.43) price objective on shares of Cobham plc in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Berenberg Bank reissued a hold rating and set a GBX 132 ($1.64) price objective on shares of Cobham plc in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Citigroup Inc reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 132 ($1.64) price objective on shares of Cobham plc in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on shares of Cobham plc from GBX 175 ($2.17) to GBX 145 ($1.80) and set a neutral rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reissued a sell rating and set a GBX 88 ($1.09) price objective on shares of Cobham plc in a report on Friday, February 17th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Cobham plc presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 136.29 ($1.69). Cobham plc (LON:COB) traded up 0.3047% during trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 142.1317. The company had a trading volume of 4,577,390 shares. Cobham plc has a 12-month low of GBX 102.50 and a 12-month high of GBX 183.39. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 130.24 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 148.28. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.41 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/cobham-plc-cob-price-target-raised-to-gbx-135-at-kepler-capital-markets.html. About Cobham plc Cobham plc is a technology and services provider in commercial and defense and security markets. It operates in four segments. The Communications and Connectivity segment provides equipment and solutions to enable connectivity across a range of environments in aerospace, avionics, satellite and radio, wireless and mobile connectivity markets. Receive News & Ratings for Cobham plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cobham plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BP plc (BP) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Clinigen Group PLC (CLIN) Given Buy Rating at N+1 Singer Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Cobham plc (COB) Price Target Raised to GBX 135 at Kepler Capital Markets Great Panther Silver (GPL) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.14 Enerplus Corp (ERF) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Global Net Lease (GNL) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Shares Sold by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Gradient Investments LLC Reduces Position in Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Now Covered by Analysts at CIBC Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Takes Position in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” BP plc (BP) Receives “Buy” Rating from Morgan Stanley Oncolytics Biotech Inc. (ONC) Price Target Raised to C$1.50 at Royal Bank of Canada Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 60 Shares of Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Metlife Inc (MET) Shares Sold by Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC Capita Plc (CTAGY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley set a €82.00 ($87.23) target price on Basf Se (ETR:BAS) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. BAS has been the subject of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Citigroup Inc set a €110.00 ($117.02) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €75.00 ($79.79) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. DZ Bank AG reissued a buy rating on shares of Basf Se in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €45.00 ($47.87) price target on Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €90.28 ($96.04). Shares of Basf Se (ETR:BAS) remained flat at €90.70 on Thursday. 7,831 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of €83.31 billion and a P/E ratio of 20.57. Basf Se has a 12 month low of €63.30 and a 12 month high of €94.15. The company’s 50-day moving average is €90.52 and its 200-day moving average is €85.47. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Basf Se (BAS) Given a €82.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/basf-se-bas-given-a-82-00-price-target-by-morgan-stanley-analysts.html. Basf Se Company Profile BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Phoenix Group Holdings - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. (EEP) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Shares Sold by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Gradient Investments LLC Reduces Position in Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Now Covered by Analysts at CIBC Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Takes Position in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” BP plc (BP) Receives “Buy” Rating from Morgan Stanley Oncolytics Biotech Inc. (ONC) Price Target Raised to C$1.50 at Royal Bank of Canada Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 60 Shares of Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Metlife Inc (MET) Shares Sold by Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC Capita Plc (CTAGY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Target Co. (TGT) Shares Bought by Gradient Investments LLC Bulldog Investors, Llc Purchases 7,432 Shares of Korea Equity Fund Inc. (KEF) Stock Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) CMO Sells $60,548.58 in Stock Flaherty&Crumrine Prfrd Scts Incm Fd Inc (FFC) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 19th Whitestone REIT (WSR) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows MarineMax (HZO) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Phoenix Group Holdings (PHNX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX) have been assigned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the eight analysts that are presently covering the firm. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have assigned a hold recommendation and five have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year price objective among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 820 ($10.18). A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on PHNX shares. Deutsche Bank AG started coverage on Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Monday, January 30th. They set a “buy” rating and a GBX 835 ($10.37) target price on the stock. Shore Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on Phoenix Group Holdings from GBX 783 ($9.72) to GBX 793 ($9.85) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 821 ($10.19) target price on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 785 ($9.75) price target on shares of Phoenix Group Holdings in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Shares of Phoenix Group Holdings (LON:PHNX) traded up 1.617382% during midday trading on Friday, hitting GBX 743.839233. The company had a trading volume of 1,592,721 shares. The firm’s market cap is GBX 2.91 billion. Phoenix Group Holdings has a one year low of GBX 610.22 and a one year high of GBX 817.48. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 769.61 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 746.09. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 30th will be issued a dividend of GBX 23.90 ($0.30) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. This represents a dividend yield of 3%. In other news, insider Clive Bannister sold 61,823 shares of Phoenix Group Holdings stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 774 ($9.61), for a total transaction of £478,510.02 ($594,200.94). Also, insider Wendy Mayall purchased 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 761 ($9.45) per share, for a total transaction of £76,100 ($94,498.94). Insiders have bought 25,050 shares of company stock worth $19,008,043 in the last quarter. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/phoenix-group-holdings-phnx-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-analysts.html. Phoenix Group Holdings Company Profile Phoenix Group Holdings is a specialist closed life assurance fund consolidator that specializes in the management and acquisition of closed life and pension funds. The Company operates through the Phoenix Life segment. The Phoenix Life segment provides a range of whole life, term assurance and pension products. Receive News & Ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Phoenix Group Holdings and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
login register advertise back issues contact us subscribe   artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance news recent Archive 04.13.17 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement 04.13.17 Pierre Huber to Close Art & Public Gallery in Geneva 04.13.17 Hauser & Wirth Names Randy Kennedy as Director of Special Projects 04.13.17 Dispute Threatens Plans to Establish Hilma af Klint Museum 04.13.17 James Baldwin Returns to Harlem 04.13.17 Robert Ryman Gifts Twenty-One Works to Dia Art Foundation 04.12.17 Lower Manhattan Cultural Council Awards 2017 Grants and Residencies 04.12.17 Carriage Trade Gallery Reopens in New York recent Archive week of 02.13.17 week of 02.06.17 week of 01.30.17 week of 01.23.17 week of 01.16.17 week of 01.09.17 week of 01.02.17 week of 12.26.16 week of 12.19.16 week of 12.12.16 week of 12.05.16 week of 11.28.16 week of 11.21.16 week of 11.14.16 week of 11.07.16 week of 10.31.16 week of 10.24.16 week of 10.17.16 week of 10.10.16 week of 10.03.16 Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the opening of Documenta 14 in Athens Andrew Hultkrans on fake news Pia Capelli at the 22nd edition of MiArt Michael Wilson at the 7th annual Brooklyn Artists Ball Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the 6th Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival in Cairo Kate Sutton at the 1st Kathmandu Triennale Diary Picks Film Newest Reviews “Signifying Form” John McAllister Maeve Brennan Stephen Irwin Rene Ricard Trish Tillman Sebastião Salgado Erwin Wurm “Échame Aguas” Vincenzo Agnetti Tommy Hartung Christopher Williams Zhang Enli Roberto Cuoghi Michel Nedjar Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Nick Pinkerton on Anocha Suwichakornpong’s By the Time It Gets Dark Paige K. Bradley on Makoto Shinkai’s Your Name Nick Pinkerton on “Ecstasy and Irony: Czech Cinema, 1927–1943” Nick Pinkerton on All These Sleepless Nights Amy Taubin on Tony Conrad: Completely in the Present Charlie Fox on John Waters’s Multiple Maniacs POSTED April 14, 2017 William Kentridge Establishes Johannesburg Art Center William Kentridge at his independent art center in Johannesburg. Photo: Stella Olivier After the closure of South Africa’s Johannesburg Art Gallery sparked concerns over dwindling funds for public art institutions, South African artist William Kentridge decided to open an independent art center, Cristina Ruiz of the Art Newspaper reports. Located in the Arts on Main complex in Central Johannesburg, which also houses Kentridge’s studio and other cultural organizations, the center opened in March with a series of performances, film screenings, and exhibitions. “Ideally, we would have double the space and double the money, but I think the small scale is also good,” Kentridge said. “As soon as it gets larger it gets lost in questions of committees and trustees, and suddenly everyone is having to write big proposals to justify their work before it is made rather than allowing the work to come from the very uncertainty around it.” Kentridge is critical of NGOs, non-governmental organizations, which support art projects because in order to receive funding artists must adhere to their funding guidelines, which can restrict their vision for a work. He believes artists should be able to experiment and make work that isn’t successful without fearing repercussions, which is why the artist calls the venue a center for the “less good idea.” He wants it to be a “safe space for uncertainty, doubt, stupidity and, at times, failure.” ► MORE The center will organize two seasons of programming each year. Kentridge has committed to funding the space for the next three years, but did not confirm how much he invested in the project. According to reports in South African media outlets, the center has an annual budget of $229,000. LESS Permalink Comments LATEST NEWS April 14, 2017 Gillian Wearing Becomes First Woman to Create Work for UK’s Parliament Square Gillian Wearing Photo: Linda Nylind for The Guardian The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has announced that Turner-Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing will be the first woman commissioned to make an artwork for the UK’s Parliament Square, Mark Brown of The Guardian reports. The “milestone project” was endorsed by Prime Minister Theresa May earlier this month. Wearing will create a statue of suffragette Millicent Fawcett, who led the biggest suffrage organization, the NUWSS, from 1890 to 1919, and played a key role in gaining women the vote. The work will be installed alongside nine statues of men—Sir Robert Peel, Benjamin Disraeli, the Earl of Derby, Lord Palmerston, Field Marshal Jan Smuts, Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Nelson Mandela, and Mahatma Gandhi. The statue will be installed in 2018 during the upcoming centenary celebrations of women winning the right to vote in the UK. Activist Caroline Criado-Perez launched a campaign to break up the male-dominated square in 2016. She started a petition that was signed by 85,000 people. “Women make up more than half the population—but from looking at our public spaces, you would never know that,” Criado-Perez said. “Just 2.7 percent of British statues are of named women, and even these are mostly royals.” ► MORE In the September 2011 issue of Artforum, Emily Hall reviewed Wearing’s show at Tanya Bonakdar Gallery in New York. She wrote: “Long before Facebook, Gillian Wearing was pulling apart the conflicted, mediated relationship between our real selves and those we present to the world. Whether photographing strangers on the street holding signs that state what they’re thinking, or documenting herself dancing wildly in a public place, or filming adults as they lip-synch to recordings of children speaking, she mixes and matches the elements of identity—those elements that we assume compose our selves, our most private selves—and makes them public in ways that confound personhood rather than cement it.” LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Lorraine Pearce (1934–2017) Lorraine Pearce, White House curator, with a visitor in the China room. Photo: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Lorraine Pearce, a decorative arts scholar who became the first curator for the White House, died in Charlottesville, Virginia, on March 14 at the age of eighty-two, Richard Sandomir of the New York Times reports. Former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy asked Pearce to help her restore the White House’s historic rooms, which were given a modern look during a restoration under president Harry Truman. Pearce created the curator position and then began working to revert the rooms to the style they were decorated in after the 1817 reconstruction. Born in the Bronx on April 14, 1934, Pearce studied at the City College of New York before traveling to Strasbourg, France, on a Fulbright Scholarship. She earned her master’s degree in early American culture from the Winterthur Program at the University of Delaware. Founder of the Winterthur Museum Henry Francis du Pont recommended Pearce to the Kennedys while serving as chairman of the White House Fine Arts Committee. ► MORE During her tenure at the presidential mansion, Pearce cataloged the White House’s historic objects including, furniture, paintings, statues, and antiques, sorted through storage, and conducted extensive research on items that were for sale and donated. Among Pearce’s discoveries were a mirror that belonged to George Washington and a chair that once sat in Abraham Lincoln’s bedroom. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Phillips Appoints Lilly Chan Managing Director of Asia Lilly Chan Phillips has named Lilly Chan, Christie’s global managing director for Asian art, as its new managing director of Asia. Chan will take up the post in May and will be based in the company’s Hong Kong office. Chan will be responsible for implementing and managing all strategic, procedural, and operational aspects of the company in Asia with a focus on realizing Phillips’s vision for building the brand. Prior to joining Christie’s, Chan worked at JP Morgan Treasury Services, where she was the head of new product marketing for the Asia-Pacific market. “The importance of Asia to our overall international growth strategy cannot be overstated,” said Phillips CEO Edward Dolman. “The collecting of contemporary art, design objects, photographs, and jewelry in Asia has been growing at an exponential rate and we are seeing more Asian collectors at our New York and London auctions. A foremost priority for us has been to strengthen our presence in Asia and build relationships with collectors across the region—and a critical component in this ambitious plan is the appointment of an experienced managing director such as Lilly. I look forward to working with her and our entire Asian team to build our reputation as the most innovative auction house in the region.” ► MORE Along with growing the Hong Kong office, Phillips has made a series of recent appointments to boost its presence in Asia. In the past year, the company named Jane Yoon as the regional representative in Korea, Cindy Yen in Taiwan, and Kyoko Hattori in Japan. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Pedro Lasch to Join Usdan Summer Camp as First-Ever Artist in Residence Pedro Lasch Usdan Summer Camp for the arts—an arts education initiative founded in 1968 that today serves more than 1,500 students each year—has announced that artist Pedro Lasch has been chosen as its inaugural artist in residence. Located in Wheatley Heights on Long Island, New York, the nonprofit program welcomes students from ages four to eighteen. Beginning this summer, Lasch will launch a three-year art project in collaboration with Usdan’s students, faculty, and staff. “Dreaming in the Woods” will draw from the people, grounds, and resources at Usdan for inspiration in the creation of new works and will give students first-hand experience in making art. “Often, collaborations with children are dismissed as not being ‘professional’ or ‘real art,’” Lasch said. “I’m excited to be doing this work at Usdan—a camp known for putting the student at the center and fostering creativity on all levels—as a way to challenge these typical perspectives and push towards a collaborative and innovative contemporary art engagement.” ► MORE Executive director Lauren Brandt Schloss said, “As discussions about launching the artist-in-residence program at Usdan took hold, Pedro was always top of mind. The goal of these artists in residence initiatives is to bring into all disciplines of contemporary art the ideas, concerns, and voices of youth.” Born and raised in Mexico City, Lasch studied art at Cooper Union before earning his master’s degree from Goldsmiths College in London. From 1999 to 2005, he served as the founding director of the experimental program Art, Story-Telling, and the Five Senses in Jackson Heights, Queens, and joined Duke University as a professor in 2002. Lasch co-authored two books: Black Mirror/Espejo Negro, 2012, and Grand Gestures and (Im)modest Proposals, 2012. His work has been featured in exhibitions at PS1 MoMA, the Queens Museum, The Phillips Collection, the Fifty-Sixth Venice Biennale, the Eleventh Havana Biennale, and Documenta 13. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture Steve Tobin, Trinity Root, 2005. Pennsylvania-based sculptor Steve Tobin is suing Lower Manhattan’s Trinity Church for relocating an eighteen-foot-tall bronze memorial dedicated to the victims of the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Modeled after a massive Sycamore tree that grew in the churchyard until it was destroyed by debris from the Twin Towers, Trinity Root cost the artist more than $300,000 to make. Last year, Tobin was shocked when he found out that the church had moved the sculpture to a site in Connecticut without telling him. He also claims that the work was damaged during transport. Tobin’s lawyer Steven S. Honigman filed a lawsuit in a Manhattan Federal District Court on Wednesday after attempts to work out the issue with the church were unsuccessful. “This is about the solemn promise the church gave to Steve Tobin when he offered to create that sculpture,” Honigman said. “He offered to create it if the church would give it a permanent place in the courtyard. The church agreed.” ► MORE According to the complaint, Reverend William Lupfer, the eighteenth rector of Trinity, wanted to send the work away so that “hordes of strangers” would stop crowding the church’s courtyard. Even though Tobin no longer owns the piece, Honigman said the church is in violation of a law that “prohibits the removal of [permanent, site-specific] sculptures.” In response, the church said: “While we have no comment on this litigation, Trinity is pleased to have the sculpture at Trinity’s retreat center, where it will be among a collection of planned sites that will encourage prayerful reflection, remembrance, and spiritual transformation.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Knight Foundation Awards $250,000 to New Museum’s NEW INC New Museum The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation has announced that it will be investing $250,000 into the New Museum’s experimental initiative NEW INC. Now in its third year, the shared workspace and professional development program is expanding its scope and will investigate the impact technology has on the future of art museums. “Museum professionals need new skills and resources to meet changing demands and grab audience attention in an increasingly digital world,” said Victoria Rogers, the Knight Foundation’s vice president for arts. “NEW INC will help advance this goal, providing them the skills necessary to embrace technology, innovate, and create lasting impact for their institutions and their communities.” Based at the New Museum on the Lower East Side, NEW INC brings together more than one hundred cultural practitioners and creative entrepreneurs, including Rhizome and Columbia University’s GSAPP Incubator, for a twelve-month basis. With the additional funding, the New Museum will invite organizations focused on the experimentation, development, and adoption of new technologies that attract audiences to museums and engage visitors within the museum space. Five teams—up to ten people total—will receive fully subsidized memberships at NEW INC and will be eligible for up to $10,000 in seed funding. ► MORE “Museums have been experimenting with innovative technological applications for public engagement, presentation, preservation and more, but we believe the market is still underdeveloped and underserved, particularly as it pertains to small and mid-sized institutions,” said Julia Kaganskiy, director of NEW INC. “These NEW INC members will explore new exhibition design ideas, audience engagement tools, cost-effective products and more efficient services to meet this need.” Cofounded by Lisa Phillips and Karen Wong in 2014, NEW INC is the first museum-led incubator for art, design, and technology. Directed by Julia Kaganskiy, the initiative has helped launch more than one hundred startups ventures in the creative industries. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor of Wall Street’s Charging Bull Calls for Removal of Fearless Girl New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio with Fearless Girl. Photo: James Keivom for New York Daily News Arturo Di Modica, the sculptor of the iconic Charging Bull statue on Wall Street, is petitioning the two companies that commissioned the popular Fearless Girl statue, which was installed in front of his three-and-a-half-ton bronze bovine on March 7 for International Women’s Day, to remove the work, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Claiming that it violates the Visual Artists Rights Act by illegally commercializing his statue, Di Modica sent a letter to Boston-based State Street Global Advisors, the advertising agency McCann New York, and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio explaining that Charging Bull became wrapped up in an advertising campaign that he did not consent to. The letter states: “We request that the Fearless Girl statue be removed and placed somewhere else and that damages be awarded to Mr. Di Modica for the violation of his legal, statutory rights.” During a press conference the artist held in Midtown Manhattan on Wednesday, he said that Fearless Girl was an insult to his work, which was meant to be a symbol of “freedom in the world, peace, strength, power, and love” when it was installed after the stock market crashed in the 1980s. ► MORE Anne McNally, a spokeswoman for State Street Global, said, “We continue to be grateful to the City of New York and people around the world who have responded so enthusiastically to what the Fearless Girl represents—the power and potential of having more women in leadership.” While the Fearless Girl statue was only supposed to be installed for one month, de Blasio extended the permit for the work through February 2018. On Wednesday he tweeted: “Men who don’t like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement Carolee Schneemann in Salzburg, 2015. Photo: Andy Archer Carolee Schneemann will be awarded the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement at the Fifty-Seventh Venice Biennale, “VIVA ARTE VIVA,” opening on May 13. The decision was made by the Biennale’s board of directors, chaired by Paolo Baratta, upon recommendation of Christine Macel, the curator of this year’s exhibition. “Schneemann has been one of the most important figures in the development of performance and body art,” Macel said in a statement. “She uses her own body as the prevalent material of her art. In so doing, she situates women as both the creator and an active part of the creation itself. In opposition to traditional representation of women merely as nude object, she uses the naked body as a primal, archaic force [that can] unify energies. Her style is direct, sexual, liberating and autobiographical. She champions the importance of women’s sensual pleasure and she examines the possibilities of political and personal emancipation from predominant social and aesthetic conventions. Through the exploration of a large range of media, such as painting, filmmaking, video art, and performance, Schneemann re-writes her personal history of art, refusing the idea of an ‘his-tory’ narrated exclusively from the male point of view.” Born in Fox Chase, Pennsylvania, in 1939, Schneemann’s artistic career spans more than six decades. She has been a recipient of a number of awards including a 1999 Art Pace International artist residency in San Antonio, Texas; the Pollock-Krasner Foundation grant (1997, 1998); a 1993 Guggenheim fellowship; a Gottlieb Foundation grant; and a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship. She has also taught at many institutions including New York University, California Institute of the Arts, Bard College, and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. ► MORE Schneemann has authored a number of books, including Cezanne, She Was A Great Painter (1976); Early and Recent Work (1983); and More Than Meat Joy: Performance Works and Selected Writings (1979, 1997). Her works are found in the permanent collections of the Museum der Moderne in Salzburg; the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía in Madrid; New York’s MoMA; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; London’s Tate Modern; and the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, among others. In the February 2017 issue of Artforum, Lauren O’Neill-Butler reviews Schneemann’s two-part exhibition at P.P.O.W and Gallerie Lelong. She wrote: “What does an enduring commitment to feminist antiwar resistance look like? For more than five decades, Carolee Schneemann has underwritten her art with a desire to understand and observe. From Viet-Flakes, 1965, and Snows, 1967, which protested the Vietnam War, to the ‘Lebanon Series,’ 1983–91, on the destruction of Beirut, and Terminal Velocity, 2001–2005, wherein she took on 9/11, she has long borne witness to cruelty and empathy, though discussions of her oeuvre sideline this theme in favor of other, related issues of gender and sexuality.” Schneemann will receive the award during the awards ceremony and inauguration of the exhibition on Saturday, May 13 at Ca’ Giustinian, the Biennale’s headquarters. LESS Permalink Comments diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 All rights reserved. artforum.com is a registered trademark of Artforum International Magazine, New York, NY
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TTM Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nike Inc (NKE) Position Increased by Forte Capital LLC ADV Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Stake Boosted by Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. Creative Planning Has $1.633 Million Position in Kearny Financial (KRNY) Vista Capital Partners Inc. Increases Position in Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Creative Planning Has $1.631 Million Position in Encana Corp (ECA) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Raytheon Company (RTN) Issued By Jefferies Group Regions Financial Corp (RF) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.24 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Primoris Services Corp Increased by DA Davidson (PRIM) Short Interest in TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Declines By 9.4% Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Nissan Chemical Industries, Ltd. (NNCHY) to Sell Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Stake Boosted by Chesley Taft & Associates LLC Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Sells 12,358 Shares of ConocoPhillips (COP) Chesley Taft & Associates LLC Cuts Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Shares Sold by Chesley Taft & Associates LLC Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc (IVR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Extended Stay America’s (STAY) Buy Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Sanofi SA (SNY) Raised to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Short Interest in TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Declines By 9.4% April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) was the recipient of a significant decline in short interest in the month of March. As of March 31st, there was short interest totalling 13,871,308 shares, a decline of 9.4% from the March 15th total of 15,303,002 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 1,156,726 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 12.0 days. Currently, 15.6% of the company’s shares are sold short. Several analysts recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded TTM Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded TTM Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $21.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $18.00 price objective on shares of TTM Technologies in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price objective on TTM Technologies from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, TheStreet downgraded TTM Technologies from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $19.00. In other news, insider William Kent Hardwick sold 3,413 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $16.58, for a total transaction of $56,587.54. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 37,555 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $622,661.90. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Kenton K. Alder sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.56, for a total transaction of $43,680.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 4,140,348 shares of company stock valued at $65,079,738 over the last three months. Insiders own 28.40% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its stake in shares of TTM Technologies by 1.1% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 14,490 shares of the company’s stock worth $166,000 after buying an additional 160 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System increased its stake in shares of TTM Technologies by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 66,907 shares of the company’s stock worth $912,000 after buying an additional 223 shares during the period. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its stake in shares of TTM Technologies by 0.9% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 45,402 shares of the company’s stock worth $520,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. Aperio Group LLC increased its stake in shares of TTM Technologies by 5.7% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 24,421 shares of the company’s stock worth $280,000 after buying an additional 1,314 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of TTM Technologies by 0.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 326,784 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,742,000 after buying an additional 2,092 shares during the period. 80.99% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) opened at 15.56 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $16.05 and a 200 day moving average price of $14.31. The company has a market capitalization of $1.56 billion, a P/E ratio of 45.76 and a beta of 1.39. TTM Technologies has a 12-month low of $6.22 and a 12-month high of $17.86. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.45 by $0.13. TTM Technologies had a return on equity of 15.90% and a net margin of 1.38%. The business earned $706.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $671.57 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.31 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that TTM Technologies will post $1.60 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Short Interest in TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Declines By 9.4%” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/short-interest-in-ttm-technologies-inc-ttmi-declines-by-9-4.html. TTM Technologies Company Profile TTM Technologies, Inc is a manufacturer of printed circuit board (PCB) products and is focused on technologically advanced PCBs and electro-mechanical solutions (E-M Solutions). As of January 2, 2017, the Company operated a total of 25 specialized facilities in North America and China. The Company’s segments include PCB, E-M Solutions and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Friday April 14 2017 7:45 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here   Read the Print Edition Here:   Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Wells Fargo shows some stability and resumes promoting accounts April 14, 2017, 05:00 AM By Ken Sweet The Associated NEW YORK — Wells Fargo’s sales practices scandal isn’t going away anytime soon, with first-quarter profit essentially flat as the bank struggled to win customers. But amid signs that the storm over fake accounts is easing, branch employees are starting to promote new accounts to people. The company said Thursday that new checking account openings were down 35 percent in March from the same month a year ago. New credit card applications were down 42 percent. Both those metrics improved from the activity in February, however. And after months of apologizing and calling customers to ask whether they really opened the accounts in their names, Wells executives said the bank is starting to move back into the offense. Bank employees are “more actively marketing products” to customers again in the branches, said John Shrewsberry, the company’s chief financial officer. Regulators had fined San Francisco-based Wells Fargo $185 million in September for opening more than 2 million accounts fraudulently as employees tried to meet aggressive sales goals. The bank has been dealing with the aftermath since then, as then-CEO John Stumpf stepped down and the head of the consumer banking division moved up her retirement. Both were ordered to forfeit promised stock awards. Wells Fargo also scrapped its sales goals and announced new compensation standards. Earlier this week, the bank’s board released its own investigation, and announced it was clawing back another $75 million in pay from Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying the executives took too long to recognize problems at the company. Even with signs of stabilization, the bank still faces several pending investigations by state and federal authorities. And in two weeks, Wells Fargo will hold its annual shareholder meeting amid a push to get rid of the company’s board of directors. Overall, Wells Fargo reported net income of $5.46 billion, or $1 per share, in the quarter ending March 31, compared with $5.46 billion, or 99 cents per share, in the same quarter a year ago. The results surpassed Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to FactSet. The company posted revenue of $23.93 billion in the period. Its adjusted revenue was $22 billion, falling short of analyst forecasts of $22.4 billion, according to FactSet. Like Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase, which also reported their results on Thursday, Wells did benefit somewhat from the rise in interest rates. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates last December and again in March. Higher rates mean banks like Wells can charge more for loans. In the quarter, Wells’ net interest income was $12.3 billion, up 5 percent from a year earlier. Both JPMorgan and Citi reported first quarter results that beat analysts’ expectations. Unlike Wells Fargo, both banks have large trading and investment banking operations, so they tend to see profits rise and fall more noticeably with markets compared to Wells. Citi said it earned $4.1 billion, or $1.35 a share, compared with $3.5 billion, or $1.10 a share, in the same period a year earlier. Analysts had expected $1.23 a share, according to FactSet. JPMorgan earned $6.45 billion, or $1.65 per share, in the first quarter compared with net income of $5.52 billion, or $1.35 a share from a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expected the bank to earn $1.51 a share. ———— Ken Sweet covers banks and consumer financial issues for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at (at)kensweet. ———— AP Business Writer Joseph Pisani contributed to this report.     Tags: wells, billion, share, quarter, fargo, accounts, Other stories from today: Stocks close lower for third time in three days Hydrogen fuel cell cars creep up — slowly — on electrics Wells Fargo shows some stability and resumes promoting accounts     Print this Page  |  << Back            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What is your favorite professional sport? Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Hockey Depends on the season                         Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal Woodside newspaper  
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search First Round Of Big Bank Earnings Not As Bad As Feared April 14, 2017 7:02am NYSE:XLF ShareTweet From Brad Hoppmann: The equity markets have been mired in uncertainty this week, as geopolitical hotspots Syria, North Korea and Afghanistan all have caused a bit of a risk-off trade in stocks. Then there are the homegrown policy concerns still plaguing Wall Street, including healthcare reform and corporate tax reform. After saying he would pivot to tax reform following the recent Congressional failure on healthcare, President Trump now appears to be renewing his efforts on the healthcare front. While the geopolitical and policy uncertainty abroad and in Washington are weighing down stocks here, what we really need to start seeing is a return to good earnings to let us know what’s next for markets. Thursday, we got the first salvo in the Q1 earnings bombardment, and we got it in the form of earnings from several key financial bellwethers. For those wanting to see positive hard data start to back up the recent positive sentiment indicators, today was a pretty good day. Three of the four major financials reporting today bested estimates, including JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Citigroup (C) and PNC Financial Services Group (PNC). So, is this ray of earnings light from these banks enough to illuminate the way forward for the bulls? That’s an upbeat sign for the economy and markets going forward.In the case of JPM, it reported EPS of $1.65 on revenues of $25.6 billion in Q1. This easily bested expectations. On the revenue front, JPM saw a 34% year-over-year gain to $1.65 billion in its investment banking operation. JPMorgan’s high-profile CEO Jamie Dimon also made some upbeat comments about the quarter, and about the future of the bank and the economy in the firm’s earnings release. “U.S. consumers and businesses are healthy overall and with pro-growth initiatives and improving collaboration between government and business, the U.S. economy can continue to improve … We will be there to do our part, strong and steadfast in good times and bad, and working every day to support our clients and our communities.” Dimon also noted that the bank’s consumer businesses continued to grow. The bank saw $622.9 billion in deposits, up 11% year-over-year. Loans also increased by 5% to $466.8 billion. “The consumer businesses continue to grow core loans at double-digits, outperform the industry in deposit growth, and we once again had very strong card sales volume growth this quarter — reflecting our commitment to providing our customers the innovative products and services they want.” The JPM loan metrics are encouraging, as they somewhat contradict the recent data we presented in Tuesday’s Afternoon Edition, “How Come Nobody Wants to Borrow Money?” As for the other financials reporting Thursday, there were good metrics from Citigroup (C), which bested estimates on both the top and bottom lines. The company reported quarterly profits were up 17% from the same quarter a year ago, driven by higher revenue and the lower cost of credit. C’s top line increased 3% to $18.1 billion, beating estimates of $17.8 billion. On the bottom line, EPS roared in at $1.35 vs. estimates calling for just $1.24. PNC Financial Services Group (PNC) also posted an earnings beat, with EPS of $1.96 vs. estimates for just $1.84. Revenue for the quarter also was strong at $3.88 billion, a 6% rise year over year, and better than the $3.77 billion analysts were anticipating. The only financial stock that didn’t knock it out of the park was embattled money center bank Wells Fargo (WFC). Not surprisingly, the phony account scandal took its toll on the bank’s top and bottom lines. Still, Q1 profit managed to come in flat even though revenue fell short of estimates. The bottom line here is that this first round of bank earnings is encouraging. And despite the noise of geopolitical tensions and Washington policy concerns, hard economic data might actually be OK for Q1. At least, that’s what the bulls are hoping for. The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE:XLF) closed at $22.90 on Thursday, down $-0.30 (-1.29%). Year-to-date, XLF has declined -1.51%, versus a 4.02% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. XLF currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of B (Buy), and is ranked #9 of 38 ETFs in the Financial Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of Uncommon Wisdom Daily. Tags: earnings Equity financial NYSE:XLF Categories: NYSE:XLF Read Next Weak Lending Trends Don’t Bode Well For Upcoming Bank Earnings Banks Expected To Post Lackluster Earnings Results Next Week Goldman Sachs Q4 Earnings Surge, Beating Expectations Financial ETFs On The Rise After A Slew Of Banking Stock Earnings Bank of America’s Earnings Beat View as Loan Loss Provisions Rise Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Volatility Begins To Strike The Dow Jones Industrial Average Amid Global Tensions Silver Prices At Risk Of A Major Crash Soon The Dow Jones Industrial Average Continues To Drip Lower From March Highs Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers J.P. Morgan Asset Management’s assets rise 4% in quarter, sees inflows of $9 billion James Comtois | April 13, 2017 10:35 am | Updated 10:38 am CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart CEO pay as percentage of net income View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top 10 DC record-keepers The 10 largest defined contribution record-keepers, based on total assets as of Sept. 30, 2016. View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO Grahams Tropin on strategy evolution View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Nation Saturday, April 15, 2017    Last update: 11:17 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Market slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks Print Email Share Tweet By Lewis Krauskopf, Reuters Posted April 14, 2017, at 7:32 a.m. Major U.S. stock indexes fell Thursday for a third straight day as investors weighed earnings reports from big U.S. banks and geopolitical tensions, while the tech sector fell for a 10th consecutive session. Wells Fargo shares fell 3.3 percent, pulling down the S&P 500, after the bank reported a drop in mortgage banking revenue. Berkshire Hathaway also disclosed late Wednesday that it had cut its stake in the bank. JPMorgan fell 1.2 percent and Citigroup slipped 0.8 percent, even as those companies reported better-than-expected quarterly profits. Banks revealed more evidence of a slowdown in loan growth in their reports. The S&P 500 banks index closed at its lowest point since early December. Investors have sought safe-haven assets throughout the week due to geopolitical tensions in Syria and North Korea. News of a massive bomb being dropped by the United States in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday added to uncertainty. Kate Warne, principal investment strategist at Edward Jones in St. Louis, said a dip in bond yields put pressure on stocks ahead of a holiday weekend in the United States. “What we’ve seen is investors from the rest of the world putting more money in U.S. Treasuries” due to geopolitical concerns, Warne said. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 138.61 points, or 0.67 percent, to 20,453.25, the S&P 500 lost 15.98 points, or 0.68 percent, to 2,328.95 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 31.01 points, or 0.53 percent, to 5,805.15. The benchmark S&P 500 has climbed 8.9 percent since President Donald Trump’s election, supported by his planned economic agenda of tax cuts and economic stimulus. But the rally has stalled the past six weeks as some investors question Trump’s ability to enact his proposals. There is “some concern among investors that there is now a shift going on in Washington to international and away from a domestic policy,” said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago. The S&P 500 financial index dropped 1.3 percent, its fifth straight day of losses. Energy shares were the worst-performing group, falling 1.8 percent. The technology sector fell 0.4 percent, marking its longest losing streak since May 2012. The results from banks kicked off what is expected to be a strong first-quarter U.S. reporting season. S&P 500 companies are expected to post a 10.4 percent rise in earnings for the period, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “We could have double-digit earnings growth; we haven’t seen that in some time,” said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York. “Investors are going to be impressed with that.” A report from the University of Michigan showed that U.S. consumer sentiment unexpectedly strengthened in April as consumer optimism on current economic conditions climbed to its highest level since November 2000. About 6.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 6.6 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 2.56-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.24-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted seven new 52-week highs and 1 new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 29 new highs and 51 new lows.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion In a surprise, Maine’s independent treasurer files for 2018 gubernatorial race Scorpion bites man on United flight Bowdoin wins legal fight to buy home where owner says ‘Uncle Tom’s Cabin’ was written LePage picks old-school Democrat as next state utilities watchdog Bangor-area atheists want to set the record straight about their lack of beliefs I went to Greece to help the refugees who came in search of a better life Maine’s addiction task force needs to act fast, emphasize treatment Saturday, April 15, 2017: Maine lucky to have Sen. Collins, quality of life more important than taxes, LePage’s fight against monument From ‘reaccommodating’ passengers to scorpions on planes, United reflects our discontent The Democrats’ arms-control agenda is a failure Ex-Patriots star Aaron Hernandez found not guilty in 2012 double murder High water may greet paddlers at 51st Kenduskeag race What to expect at this year’s Kenduskeag race Former UMaine hockey stars join Team USA for World Championships George Stevens Academy running standout signs with UMaine #MAINE You’d have to sell a lot of hot dogs to break even on this $1.3M coastal snack shack BDN PORTLAND Eastern Mountain Sports to close Portland store in bankruptcy deal STATE & CAPITOL Maine Democrats have a new plan to pay for road, bridge upkeep DEAR LIZ My husband will not stop snoring and I need to sleep GOING COASTAL Elver fishermen getting higher prices this year (so far) My husband will not stop snoring and I need to sleep What happened to Dispatch Magazine? Tall teen says playing Christ helped him understand ‘how much he suffered’ Outrage after ‘Survivor’ outing: ‘Why haven’t you told anyone here you’re transgender?’ Maine: Location, location, location! Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs INNsights I Feel United Airline’s Pain I Feel United Airline’s Pain Widgets and Digits Subsidized Jonesboro biomass plant spent days offline in March Subsidized Jonesboro biomass plant spent days offline in March Maine Broadband Coalition Maine Broadband Coalition Broadband in Maine: A Compelling Case Study of Its Benefits The Day Job Great Later Great Later Stirring the Pot Reading Maine Reading Maine Top Stories In a surprise, Maine’s independent treasurer files for 2018 gubernatorial race What to expect at this year’s Kenduskeag race Ex-Patriots star Aaron Hernandez found not guilty in 2012 double murder ‘North Woods Law’ star Kris MacCabe named Warden of the Year Line-spacing error could deprive hundreds of UMPI students of vital funds Similar Articles 11.21.2016 Scramble underway to assess impact of President-elect Trump’s global business empire 9.20.2016 Trump used $258,000 from his charity to settle legal problems 10.10.2016 A dark debate: Trump and Clinton spend 90 minutes on the attack 12.1.2012 Weekend college roundup, women’s basketball: UMF 81, Green Mountain 46 2.2.2013 Weekend college roundup, men’s basketball: Castleton State 88, Husson 82 More in Nation   Apple is going to test self-driving cars   Ex-Patriots star Aaron Hernandez found not guilty in 2012 double murder   Outrage after ‘Survivor’ outing: ‘Why haven’t you told anyone here you’re transgender?’   China warns against force as North Korea prepares celebration   Market slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Leading Economists and Policymakers to Speak at Levy Economics Institute’s 26th Annual Hyman P. Minsky Conference, April 18–19 at Bard College Annandale-on-Hudson, NY (PRWEB) April 14, 2017 On April 18 and 19, the Levy Economics Institute of Bard College will gather top policymakers, economists, and analysts at the 26th Annual Hyman P. Minsky Conference on the State of the U.S. and World Economies to discuss, among many issues, the implications of the new administration’s “America First” policies, focusing on the outlook for trade, taxation, fiscal, and financial regulation measures to generate domestic investments capable of moving the growth rate beyond the “new normal” established in the aftermath of the Great Recession, without jeopardizing financial stability. The conference, “‘America First’ and Financial Stability,” is being organized by the Levy Institute and will take place Tuesday and Wednesday, April 18–19, at the Levy Economics Institute of Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York. Participants include Esther L. George, president and chief executive officer, Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City; Eric S. Rosengren, president and chief executive officer, Federal Reserve Bank of Boston; Thomas M. Hoenig, vice chairman, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; Peter Praet, chief economist and executive board member, European Central Bank; Michael E. Feroli, chief U.S. economist, JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Arturo O’Connell, formerly, member of the board of governors, Central Bank of Argentina; Lakshman Achuthan, cofounder and chief operations officer, Economic Cycle Research Institute; Rana Foroohar, global business columnist, Financial Times, and global economic analyst, CNN; Michael S. Derby, special writer, The Wall Street Journal; Christian Plumb, Latin America business editor, Reuters; and Yalman Onaran, senior writer, Bloomberg News. The 2017 Minsky Conference will assess, among other issues, the impact of different financing schemes on both infrastructure investment and the return of central bank monetary policies to more neutral interest rates. Since these new policy proposals will have a global impact, the conference will focus on their implication for the performance of European and Latin American economies. The conference will include presentations by Jan Kregel, director of research, Levy Institute; Robert J. Barbera, codirector, Center for Financial Economics, The Johns Hopkins University; Fernando J. Cardim de Carvalho, senior scholar, Levy Institute, and emeritus professor of economics, Federal University of Rio de Janeiro; Scott Fullwiler, professor of economics, University of Missouri–Kansas City; Arturo Huerta González, professor of economics, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México; Stephanie A. Kelton, research associate, Levy Institute, and professor of economics, University of Missouri–Kansas City; Paolo Savona, formerly, Italian minister of industry and president, Banco di Roma and the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi; Edwin M. Truman, nonresident senior fellow, Peterson Institute for International Economics; Michalis Nikiforos, research scholar, Levy Institute; and L. Randall Wray, senior scholar, Levy Institute, and professor of economics, Bard College. The Levy Economics Institute of Bard College, founded in 1986 through the generous support of the late Bard College trustee Leon Levy, is a nonprofit, nonpartisan, public policy research organization. The Institute is independent of any political or other affiliation, and encourages diversity of opinion in the examination of economic policy issues while striving to transform ideological arguments into informed debate. For conference program details, please visit levyinstitute.org/conferences/minsky2017/ Press registrations should be made by calling Mark Primoff at 845-758-7412 or by sending an e-mail to primoff(at)bard.edu. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious M-Xylylenediamine Market From 2017 to 2022 by Market Overview, Market Dynamics (Market Opportunities, Market Risk, Market Driving Force) and Market Share Next PostNext Republic Services Celebrates Earth Day with #1MorePledge Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Upgrades NRG Energy Inc (NRG) to “Buy” Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) to Sell Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Atlantic Securities Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Rating Reiterated by Boenning Scattergood Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Initiates Coverage on Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Cowen and Company Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Initiates Coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Heico Corp (HEI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Rakuten Inc (RKUNY) to “Hold” RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Stake Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Purchases 265,136 Shares of Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 278,288 Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Perigon Wealth Management LLC Purchases 683 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $24.819 Million Stake in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp (FSFR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of -0.29 Encore Wire (WIRE) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.36 Equity BancShares (EQBK) Earns News Sentiment Score of -0.39 Pier 1 Imports Inc (PIR) Releases Q1 Earnings Guidance Infosys Ltd (INFY) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Shaw Communications Inc (SJR) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) to Sell April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “SYNCHRONOSS TECHNOLOGIES is the premier provider of on-demand transaction management software to Tier One communications service providers. Synchronoss enables service providers to drive growth in new and existing markets while delivering an improved customer experience at lower costs. The company’s flagship ActivationNow and ConvergenceNow software platforms automate, synchronize and simplify electronic service creation and management of advanced wireline, wireless and IP services across existing networks. “ A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on SNCR. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Synchronoss Technologies in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 price target on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $50.00 to $35.00 in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their price target on Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $35.00 price target (down previously from $43.00) on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a report on Sunday, April 2nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $44.75. Shares of Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) opened at 23.59 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $25.71 and a 200-day moving average price of $36.47. The firm has a market cap of $1.04 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 52.42 and a beta of 2.28. Synchronoss Technologies has a 1-year low of $23.05 and a 1-year high of $49.94. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.26 by $0.02. Synchronoss Technologies had a net margin of 3.38% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The business had revenue of $147.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $149.11 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.61 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.55 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) to Sell” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/zacks-investment-research-downgrades-synchronoss-technologies-inc-sncr-to-sell.html. In related news, EVP David Schuette sold 1,081 shares of Synchronoss Technologies stock in a transaction on Monday, March 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.25, for a total transaction of $28,376.25. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 49,093 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,288,691.25. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Robert Garcia sold 9,935 shares of Synchronoss Technologies stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $32.47, for a total value of $322,589.45. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 82,397 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,675,430.59. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 39,927 shares of company stock valued at $1,439,740. Insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 23.3% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 7,227 shares of the company’s stock worth $298,000 after buying an additional 1,364 shares during the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC boosted its stake in Synchronoss Technologies by 12.8% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 7,360 shares of the company’s stock worth $303,000 after buying an additional 837 shares during the last quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc purchased a new stake in Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter worth about $206,000. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter worth about $15,745,000. Finally, Synovus Financial Corp purchased a new stake in Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter worth about $183,000. 84.24% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Synchronoss Technologies Company Profile Synchronoss Technologies, Inc is a global software and services company, which provides technologies and services for the mobile transformation of business. The Company’s portfolio in the Consumer and Enterprise markets contains offerings, such as personal cloud, secure-mobility, identity management and scalable messaging platforms, products and solutions. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Leading Economists and Policymakers to Speak at Levy Economics Institute’s 26th Annual Hyman P. Minsky Conference, April 18–19 at Bard College Leading Economists and Policymakers to Speak at Levy Economics Institute’s 26th Annual Hyman P. Minsky Conference, April 18–19 at Bard College Posted on April 14, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Federal Reserve Bank Presidents Esther L. George and Eric S. Rosengren, FDIC Vice Chairman Thomas M. Hoenig, ECB Chief Economist Peter Praet, and other top policymakers, economists, and analysts to speak at Levy Economics Institute's 26th Annual Hyman P. Minsky Conference, April 18-19. The conference, “‘America First’ and Financial Stability,” will explore, among many issues, the implications of the Trump administration’s “America First” policies, focusing on the outlook for trade, taxation, fiscal, and financial regulation measures. Annandale-on-Hudson, NY (PRWEB) April 14, 2017 On April 18 and 19, the Levy Economics Institute of Bard College will gather top policymakers, economists, and analysts at the 26th Annual Hyman P. Minsky Conference on the State of the U.S. and World Economies to discuss, among many issues, the implications of the new administration’s “America First” policies, focusing on the outlook for trade, taxation, fiscal, and financial regulation measures to generate domestic investments capable of moving the growth rate beyond the “new normal” established in the aftermath of the Great Recession, without jeopardizing financial stability. The conference, “‘America First’ and Financial Stability,” is being organized by the Levy Institute and will take place Tuesday and Wednesday, April 18–19, at the Levy Economics Institute of Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, New York. Participants include Esther L. George, president and chief executive officer, Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City; Eric S. Rosengren, president and chief executive officer, Federal Reserve Bank of Boston; Thomas M. Hoenig, vice chairman, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; Peter Praet, chief economist and executive board member, European Central Bank; Michael E. Feroli, chief U.S. economist, JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Arturo O’Connell, formerly, member of the board of governors, Central Bank of Argentina; Lakshman Achuthan, cofounder and chief operations officer, Economic Cycle Research Institute; Rana Foroohar, global business columnist, Financial Times, and global economic analyst, CNN; Michael S. Derby, special writer, The Wall Street Journal; Christian Plumb, Latin America business editor, Reuters; and Yalman Onaran, senior writer, Bloomberg News. The 2017 Minsky Conference will assess, among other issues, the impact of different financing schemes on both infrastructure investment and the return of central bank monetary policies to more neutral interest rates. Since these new policy proposals will have a global impact, the conference will focus on their implication for the performance of European and Latin American economies. The conference will include presentations by Jan Kregel, director of research, Levy Institute; Robert J. Barbera, codirector, Center for Financial Economics, The Johns Hopkins University; Fernando J. Cardim de Carvalho, senior scholar, Levy Institute, and emeritus professor of economics, Federal University of Rio de Janeiro; Scott Fullwiler, professor of economics, University of Missouri–Kansas City; Arturo Huerta González, professor of economics, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México; Stephanie A. Kelton, research associate, Levy Institute, and professor of economics, University of Missouri–Kansas City; Paolo Savona, formerly, Italian minister of industry and president, Banco di Roma and the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi; Edwin M. Truman, nonresident senior fellow, Peterson Institute for International Economics; Michalis Nikiforos, research scholar, Levy Institute; and L. Randall Wray, senior scholar, Levy Institute, and professor of economics, Bard College. The Levy Economics Institute of Bard College, founded in 1986 through the generous support of the late Bard College trustee Leon Levy, is a nonprofit, nonpartisan, public policy research organization. The Institute is independent of any political or other affiliation, and encourages diversity of opinion in the examination of economic policy issues while striving to transform ideological arguments into informed debate. For conference program details, please visit levyinstitute.org/conferences/minsky2017/ Press registrations should be made by calling Mark Primoff at 845-758-7412 or by sending an e-mail to primoff(at)bard.edu. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14243397.htm Latest News Leading Economists and Policymakers to Speak at Levy Economics Institute’s 26th Annual Hyman P. Minsky Conference, April 18–19 at Bard College Julie Heneghan, Founder and President of The Steely Group, Honored with 2017 Enterprising Women of the Year Award 3dcart Overhauls MailChimp Integration for Increased Mailing List Functionality FBI Cyber Expert M.K. Palmore and Kaiser Permanente’s George DeCesare to Keynote HIMSS Privacy & Security Forum in May MoneyTV with Donald Baillargeon, 4/14 New Anti-Street-Racing Strategy Set To Coincide With the Release of the Fate of the Furious Light Cross Holdings Corporation (http://lxcor.com/) Announces Plans for New Sustainable Energy Proof of Concepts Michael Broderick Earns Retirement Income Certified Professional ® (RICP®) Designation The Next Step Academy Celebrates Autism Awareness Month with 2 Family-Friendly Fundraising Events PolyU Develops Novel Semiconductor Nanofiber With Superb Charge Conductivity © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
BREAKING NEWS: Sock avoids upset to reach Houston semis … Rangers special power expires, extension undecided … Number of IS fighters killed by US bomb jumps to 90: Afghan officials … Pakistan, India cannot remain enemies forever: PM's Adviser … Tender for new police uniform given in accordance with PPRA rules: LHC told … ECC approves Rs 380mn salaries of Pakistan Steel Mills employees … K-Electric Billing Compliant with Guidelines … India involved in spreading terrorism in Pakistan: Zakria … Constitution guarantees Sindh first right on natural gas: �Murad Shah … Dar, US Security Advisor discuss matters of bilateral interest … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Business & Finance » Banking & Finance » US banks report solid earnings, still hopeful on Trump agenda Banking & Finance US banks report solid earnings, still hopeful on Trump agenda Parvez Jabri Apr 14th, 2017 14:54 0 NEW YORK: Strong trading results, rather than lending, was the driving force behind solid earnings reported by large US banks Thursday, as executives expressed measured optimism about the prospects for President Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda. JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup reported big jumps in first-quarter net income compared with the same period of last year, while Wells Fargo continued to feel the effects of a fake accounts scandal and reported flat profits, missing analyst estimates for revenues. But in a sign of sluggishness at all three banks, loan growth was weak, especially in some key areas such as corporate loans, which can serve as a proxy on broader economic activity. "The economy is still what the economy was, it's a slow-growth economy" Citigroup chief financial officer John Gerspach said on a conference call with reporters. "It's not a robust economy yet." But he added, "I do believe that there is optimism that it will continue to grow and get better." Gerspach said Trump's election and the expectations of tax cuts and other measures had boosted optimism for stronger growth, but "we haven't seen concrete changes yet in policies." Shares of Citigroup fell 0.8 percent to $58.04, while JPMorgan lost 1.2 percent to $84.40, and Wells Fargo tumbled 3.3 percent to $51.35. Banking shares had rallied strongly on Trump's election amid expectation that he would ease of regulations and promote other growth measures that would help their business. But the sector has cooled considerably on Wall Street as Trump's policies have yet to materialize. The S&P 500 financials index is down 0.3 percent so far in 2017. JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon described US consumers and businesses as "healthy overall," but said growth could accelerate sharply if overly-constraining regulations were eased. Dimon declined to estimate the chances Trump will be able to enact such changes. "I don't want to put odds on it, but I think you have a lot of people working on it to get it done," he told reporters on a conference call.   Copyright AFP (Agence France-Press), 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Parvez Jabri Previous Negotiations initiated with Iran for signing FTA: Khurram Next Priyanka reveals her Essential beauty secrets Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Top
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/14/2017 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether The Caymans: Reputation, Rhetoric, and Reality - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/14/17 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether Big US Banks Make Laughable Excuses for Preserving Failed Universal Bank Model - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith How the Greediest Charter School Operators Loot Taxpayers Via Real Estate Deals - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Corruption at CalPERS: General Counsel Matt Jacobs as Exemplar of Culture of Casual Lying - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/13/2017 - 04/13/2017 - Lambert Strether The Failure of Austerity in the Great Recession - 04/13/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/13/17 - 04/13/2017 - Lambert Strether Big US Banks Make Laughable Excuses for Preserving Failed Universal Bank Model Posted on April 14, 2017 by Yves Smith In today’s lead story at the Financial Times, Big US banks defy calls that they should be broken up, American megabanks make clear that they don’t think much of the financial savvy of investors or the business press. In quarterly earning calls, bank analysts were pressing executives on the news reports that former Goldman exec, now director of the National Economic Council Gary Cohn told senators last week told a group of senators that he was in favor of Glass-Steagall break-up-the-banks style legislation. Our comments: Wake me up when this gets serious. Cohn made it clear that he supported a breakup bill. While Trump has also said he wanted to revive Glass-Steagall, he didn’t say that very often on the campaign trail and there are many things he did say often and pretty consistently, like questioning why the US is carrying so much of the cost of NATO, he’s either reversed himself or is now backing a weak-tea version that his base regards as a sellout, such as Trump’s promises about NAFTA. Plus any Glass-Steagall type bill gets passed only over rabid anti-regulation House Financial Services committee chairman Jeb Hensarling’s dead body. Don’t buy Jamie Dimon’s Brooklyn Bridge. Big complicated banks are not good for investors, no matter how much banks put their hands on their hearts and try to convince you otherwise. Here was the argument, per the pink paper: The biggest banks in America are defying calls to break themselves up, arguing that the benefits of size and diversity were on display during a very mixed set of first-quarter results. At JPMorgan Chase, finance chief Marianne Lake said on Thursday that the bank’s universal model was a “source of strength” for the broader economy, as she unveiled a 20 per cent drop in quarterly profits from consumer banking. In the investment-banking part of the business, however, profits were up 64 per cent from a bleak period a year ago, boosted by a surge in bond trading and plenty of sales of debt and equity by big companies. Anyone with proper finance training can tell you this is nonsense. Investors should be making portfolio diversification choices, not corporate execs asserting “synergy” on their behalf. Investors love earnings streams that are not much or better yet negatively correlated with the stock market; that’s one of the reasons they were willing to pay hedgies their inflated management and carry fees. Hedge funds promised returns that didn’t synch with stock market averages. When that proved to be less and less true and the results weren’t so hot generally, investors started beating a major retreat from the strategy. If banks have all sorts of interesting return profiles hidden away in their various business lines, it would be much better in terms of the overall returns for investors owning those stocks to break them up.1 However, big complicated banks are good for securities analysts, since the complexity gives them more to do and thus creates the appearance that they are adding value to investors. So don’t expect any critical scrutiny of this bank PR from them. The idea that bigger banks are better is a flat-out canard that we’ve debunked regularly since the inception of this site. Suffice it to say that every study ever done of US banks shows that they have a slightly negative cost curve once a certain asset size threshold is passed. Translation: bigger banks are actually have higher expenses per dollar of bank assets than smaller banks. Now you might say, “But what about those bank mergers where they fire lots of people! Doesn’t that prove bank consolidation saves costs?” No. The cost curve issue means the banks that were combined could have gotten those expenses lowered all on their own, and maybe some more. However, mergers provide an excuse to do what managements normally are too nice or too lazy to do, which is get ruthless about headcount. Finally, the one real synergy is one that is dangerous to the public: the use of bank deposits to fund derivatives. Yes, Virginia, a whole lot of derivatives are booked in bank depositaries. For instance, to a bit of outcry, in 2011, Bank of America moved derivatives from Merrill Lynch into Bank of America NA. And why was that? The banking subsidiary had a better credit rating, meaning lower costs, because that’s where the deposits sat. As we wrote at the time: Even though I’ve expressed my doubts as to whether Dodd Frank resolutions will work, dumping derivatives into depositaries pretty much guarantees a Dodd Frank resolution will fail. Remember the effect of the 2005 bankruptcy law revisions: derivatives counterparties are first in line, they get to grab assets first and leave everyone else to scramble for crumbs. So this move amounts to a direct transfer from derivatives counterparties of Merrill to the taxpayer, via the FDIC, which would have to make depositors whole after derivatives counterparties grabbed collateral. It’s well nigh impossible to have an orderly wind down in this scenario. You have a derivatives counterparty land grab and an abrupt insolvency. Lehman failed over a weekend after JP Morgan grabbed collateral. But it’s even worse than that. During the savings & loan crisis, the FDIC did not have enough in deposit insurance receipts to pay for the Resolution Trust Corporation wind-down vehicle. It had to get more funding from Congress. This move paves the way for another TARP-style shakedown of taxpayers, this time to save depositors. No Congressman would dare vote against that. And in case you think I’m exaggerating, the FDIC objected to the move, but the Fed took the position that it would “give relief” to the bank holding company. Bank of America took the position it has the authority to make this move, and since JP Morgan then had 99% of the notional value of its $79 trillion of derivatives booked in its depositary, JPMorgan Chase Bank NA, there was ample precedent. 2 And as we’ve also written regularly, over the counter derivatives are the biggest source of interconnected among too-big-too-fail banks. So getting derivatives out of depositaries would shrink the derivatives market by making them more costly and reduce systemic risk. Keep your eye on the ball of the real reason for bankers wanting ginormous banks: executive pay. Bank CEO and C-suite pay is a function of bank size and complexity. Simpler, smaller banks mean much less egregiously paid top brass. Thus bear in mind the incentives for banks to bulk up: The bank that buys another bank gets to pay everyone at the top more, and the execs of the gobbled-up bank get huge consolation prizes. And all sorts of other people are feeding at the trough too: merger & acquisition professionals, lawyers, accountants, and all sorts of consultants and integration specialists. Our reader Clive will probably tell you the folks that have it the worst who still stay on the payroll are the people in IT. Fortunately, even without all understanding the sordid details, the great unwashed public understands that overly large banks are hard to unwind and will therefore always be propped up, and separately exercise too much political power. But whether popular support will ever become important to Trump is very much in doubt. ____ 1 Absent, of course, breakup costs, but don’t expect banks to give you an honest idea about that if the threat starts looking more serious. 2 Yes, most of these are plain vanilla swaps. But still, no subsidy of this sort is warranted. Taxpayers should not be backstopping capital markets activities. 001800 This entry was posted in Banking industry, Credit markets, Derivatives, Politics, Regulations and regulators, Ridiculously obvious scams on April 14, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← How the Greediest Charter School Operators Loot Taxpayers Via Real Estate Deals Links 4/14/17 → Subscribe to Post Comments 15 comments Adam1 April 14, 2017 at 6:42 am While I would be one of the first to question the sincerity of this effort, I also have to remind myself of the original history of Glass-Steagall’s creation. As I recall many in banking at the time supported it. Not because they wanted the regulation, but because they wanted to knee-cap the House of Morgan. Who’s in Goldman’s cross-hairs? Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 14, 2017 at 7:40 am Yes, I didn’t mention that because I didn’t want to divert attention from the silly excuses, but maybe I should have. But basically all the big banks with deposits that are competitors in derivatives and investment banking businesses, so JP Morgan, Bank of America, and Citi. Even though Wells is the #4 bank in the US, it is pretty much a traditional wholesale/retail bank. Reply ↓ John k April 15, 2017 at 2:11 am So let’s root for Goldman, who clearly has trumps ear… and one case where Goldman is aligned with trumps base. Among others… wonder where MSM aligns when the big boys duke it out… Reply ↓ jerry April 14, 2017 at 10:19 am What a dunce I am. I was shocked Gary Cohn would even consider reimposing Glass Steagall, and for a moment there – silly me! – I thought it possible that a government sachs person would support something in the best interest of the country for that reason alone. Thanks for bringing me back to reality.. Reply ↓ Sound of the Suburbs April 14, 2017 at 9:14 am Bankers are smart people, but let’s use the flaws in their own arguments. “This company is too large for me to go know what is going on in every department, it was not my fault.” the banking CEO. They expect bonuses from the profits generated everywhere within the bank. We’ve got them banged to rights. You can have whatever size of bank you feel comfortable taking full responsibility for, you will be held to account for all wrong doing within your organisation. With reward comes responsibility. Sorted. Reply ↓ Olga April 14, 2017 at 11:18 am This may have been posted already on NC: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-10/kashkari-slams-dimon-in-the-battle-over-bank-capital Interesting Reply ↓ DH April 14, 2017 at 11:46 am Meanwhile, in Italy there is a bank that literally takes cheese as collateral for loans to its local farmers and cheesemakers. That is real community banking for small business. The major US banks would view this as an opportunity to bundle collateralized cheese obligations with multiple derivatives for trading on bets on cheese and dairy prices, probably collapsing the entire cheese industry within five years. http://www.greatbigstory.com/stories/banking-on-cheese/?iid=ob_homepage_deskrecommended_pool Reply ↓ Scott April 14, 2017 at 7:31 pm Heh. Collateralized cheese obligations. Reply ↓ Parker Dooley April 15, 2017 at 2:09 am This is “trading” cheese, not “eating” cheese. Reply ↓ JimTan April 14, 2017 at 12:23 pm I think the universal mega-bank model works just fine. They can be completely trusted to firewall investment bank risk taking from consumers bank deposits. Any risks they do take are managed through highly profitable proprietary derivatives trades collateralized by FDIC insured bank deposits consistently profitable hedging transactions. No need for Glass-Steagall. Reply ↓ susan the other April 14, 2017 at 12:42 pm Also back c. 2012 there was international stuff about ensuring that TBTFs were registered in a large-enough tax base (country) to cover a meltdown. Is it illegal now to register a big bank in a little country because that alone precludes derivatives counterpartys from getting their money? this rule and the one allowing derivatives in depositaries followed each other in sync so as to insure derivatives players without a hitch. Malice aforethought. I fail to understand what is so important about derivatives that the industry remains basically unregulated. Maybe we should designate them all to be insurance contracts and turn the insurance industry into a utility. Because we need to to that anyway with “health insurers”. Reply ↓ Stein April 14, 2017 at 1:29 pm Don’t know whether Dodd-Frank provides for this, but under the European BRRD, the resolution mechanism blocks – also – derivative close out netting for a limited period of time. Also, exec. pay becomes more & more regulated. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorApril 14, 2017 at 11:09 pm Problem is that derivative agreements are either US law or English law. and the close out agreements are in them. It isn’t clear that the BBRD can supercede the agreements. So I think everyone who has a position in their favor (has collateral) grabs that and says, “See you in court”. Reply ↓ Jim April 14, 2017 at 5:21 pm Is it true or false that if we had not stepped in with $757.17 B. In taxpayer debt these guys would have blown up (would have had to sell their collateral to another bank) and we wouldn’t be still talking about them? Reply ↓ Marco Saba (@marcosabait) April 14, 2017 at 6:45 pm No need for banks anymore. Here in Italy we discovered some important things:  1 – There is no law forbidding anyone to create virtual fiat currency (Court of Bolzano, September, 6, 2016);  2 – There is no law governing fiat currency creation – only issuance against existing funds is regulated;  3 – Any debtor creating scriptural money denominated in Euro can pay his debts with this money instead of using legal money and the creditor cannot refuse such payments (Court of Cremona, 2017; Supreme Court of Italy, 2007).  So we started a Facebook page “Moneta Nostra” to teach everyone in the Euro-zone for how to pay his debts through electronic Euro created by him and sent through an email to the creditor (a bank, a financial institution, and the public administration). Here:  https://www.facebook.com/MonetaNostra/  By sending a message to the page, anyone can receive for free the form for the email. The initiative can be duplicated in any monetary area where scriptural money creation is not regulated by law (U.S. and UK, as an example). Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Lyonwiss on The Failure of Austerity in the Great RecessionMark Blyth is a "political scientist" (there is... Lambert Strether on Links 4/14/17I like the LeGuin reference (?). Lambert Strether on Links 4/14/17> It’s about petty fiefdoms like who gets... Lambert Strether on Links 4/14/17> Trompe Nice trope... Lambert Strether on Links 4/14/17But see this comment below. "You gotta know... Topics Africa (18) Australia (128) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,019) Banking industry (4,651) Brexit (48) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (567) Commodities (456) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,626) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (688) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,472) Dubious statistics (578) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,772) Energy markets (507) Environment (457) Europe (621) Federal Reserve (1,268) Free markets and their discontents (1,416) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (326) Globalization (1,098) Guest Post (6,501) Health care (391) Hedge funds (417) Income disparity (963) India (16) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (745) Investment management (499) Investment outlook (852) Japan (204) Legal (1,888) Links (3,052) Macroeconomic policy (974) Market inefficiencies (230) Media appearances (74) Media watch (865) Middle East (142) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (32) Politics (5,033) Private equity (512) Privatization (67) Real estate (1,524) Regulations and regulators (3,587) Ridiculously obvious scams (443) Risk and risk management (718) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,019) Social values (1,790) Species loss (52) Student loans (52) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (385) Technology and innovation (454) The destruction of the middle class (1,348) The dismal science (1,461) TPP (83) UK (115) Water Cooler (655) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tile Shop Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tile Shop Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $445,000 Position in CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $440,000 Stake in Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Hampstead Capital LLP Purchases Shares of 222,700 Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Facebook Inc (FB) is Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s 9th Largest Position PDF Solutions, Inc. (PDFS) Position Maintained by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Reduces Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc (APAM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Apple Target of Unusually High Options Trading (AAPL) Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in Camtek LTD. (CAMT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys New Stake in Alere Inc (ALR) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Decreased by Independent Order of Foresters Guardian Capital Advisors LP Reduces Position in General Electric Company (GE) Drexel Morgan & Co. Has $259,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for H&E Equipment Services, Inc. (HEES) Reduced by KeyCorp Analysts Offer Predictions for Discovery Communications Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DISCA) Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Dunelm Group plc (DNLM) PT Lowered to GBX 620 Osram Licht Ag (OSAGF) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $440,000 Stake in Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY held its position in shares of Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTS) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 22,494 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s holdings in Tile Shop Holdings were worth $440,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in TTS. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Tile Shop Holdings by 110.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,772,557 shares of the company’s stock worth $45,886,000 after buying an additional 1,453,460 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new position in Tile Shop Holdings during the third quarter worth approximately $10,362,000. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its position in Tile Shop Holdings by 55.7% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 824,742 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,649,000 after buying an additional 295,172 shares during the last quarter. Advisory Research Inc. bought a new position in Tile Shop Holdings during the fourth quarter worth approximately $3,152,000. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Tile Shop Holdings by 43.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 501,617 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,302,000 after buying an additional 152,362 shares during the last quarter. 69.92% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTS) opened at 19.15 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $18.64 and a 200-day moving average price of $18.64. The company has a market capitalization of $988.31 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 53.34 and a beta of 2.07. Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. has a 12-month low of $15.05 and a 12-month high of $21.40. Tile Shop Holdings (NASDAQ:TTS) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 14th. The company reported $0.07 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.09 by $0.02. Tile Shop Holdings had a return on equity of 18.35% and a net margin of 6.88%. The firm earned $76.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $78.41 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.08 earnings per share. Tile Shop Holdings’s revenue was up 6.5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. will post $0.54 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a special dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 24th. Investors of record on Tuesday, March 14th were issued a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, March 10th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $440,000 Stake in Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS)” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/metropolitan-life-insurance-co-ny-has-440000-stake-in-tile-shop-holdings-inc-tts.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered Tile Shop Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $19.75. In related news, Director Robert A. Rucker sold 50,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.10, for a total value of $955,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 26.10% of the stock is owned by insiders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TTS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTS). Receive News & Ratings for Tile Shop Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tile Shop Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Opus Bank - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Opus Bank with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Opus Bank (OPB) Short Interest Up 8.1% in March Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) Short Interest Update Kainos Group PLC (KNOS) Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity Just Eat PLC (JE) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC Draper Esprit PLC’s (GROW) Buy Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Lear Co. (LEA) Given Hold Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) Coverage Initiated at Northland Securities Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Biogen Inc Reduced by Leerink Swann (BIIB) vTv Therapeutics Inc (VTVT) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI) Shares Gap Up on Analyst Upgrade Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Given a $32.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) PT Set at $90.00 by Barclays PLC Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Lowered to “C+” at TheStreet MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) Given a $60.00 Price Target by Craig Hallum Analysts Coach Inc (COH) PT Set at $43.00 by Piper Jaffray Companies RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) PT Set at $65.00 by Roth Capital FBR & Co Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Halliburton Company (HAL) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) Issued By Jefferies Group TESARO Inc (TSRO) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Janney Montgomery Scott Opus Bank (OPB) Short Interest Up 8.1% in March April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Opus Bank (NASDAQ:OPB) saw a significant growth in short interest in the month of March. As of March 15th, there was short interest totalling 1,173,739 shares, a growth of 8.1% from the February 28th total of 1,086,112 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 274,899 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 4.3 days. Several brokerages have recently commented on OPB. Hovde Group raised their target price on shares of Opus Bank from $25.00 to $31.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, December 19th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Opus Bank from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Saturday, January 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Opus Bank from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, TheStreet cut shares of Opus Bank from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $35.80. Opus Bank (NASDAQ:OPB) opened at 19.45 on Friday. Opus Bank has a 52 week low of $18.20 and a 52 week high of $38.19. The company has a market capitalization of $723.89 million, a PE ratio of 59.66 and a beta of 1.05. The company has a 50-day moving average of $20.05 and a 200-day moving average of $24.79. Opus Bank (NASDAQ:OPB) last posted its earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The company reported ($0.55) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.97. Opus Bank had a return on equity of 3.42% and a net margin of 3.40%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.09) earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Opus Bank will post $1.42 EPS for the current year. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Creative Planning boosted its stake in Opus Bank by 52.1% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 8,973 shares of the company’s stock valued at $317,000 after buying an additional 3,075 shares in the last quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its stake in Opus Bank by 4.0% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 23,980 shares of the company’s stock valued at $847,000 after buying an additional 918 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust boosted its stake in Opus Bank by 1.5% in the third quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 968,840 shares of the company’s stock valued at $34,268,000 after buying an additional 14,300 shares in the last quarter. RMB Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Opus Bank by 2,301.1% in the third quarter. RMB Capital Management LLC now owns 1,066,830 shares of the company’s stock valued at $37,734,000 after buying an additional 1,022,400 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Opus Bank by 5.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 232,010 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,205,000 after buying an additional 12,779 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.61% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/opus-bank-opb-short-interest-up-8-1-in-march.html. About Opus Bank Opus Bank is a commercial bank. The Company provides banking products, services and solutions to its clients through its Retail Bank, Commercial Bank, Merchant Bank, and Correspondent Bank. The Company’s Commercial Bank consists Commercial Banking, Business Banking, Healthcare Banking, Technology Banking, Fiduciary Banking, Institutional Syndications and Commercial Real Estate Banking (CREB), which includes Income Property Banking, its Structured Finance Group and Capital Markets Group. Receive News & Ratings for Opus Bank Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Opus Bank and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hannover Rueck SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research TD Securities Raises Cogeco Inc. (CGO) Price Target to C$89.00 Delphi Energy Corp. (DEE) Price Target Raised to C$2.60 Heineken Nv Spon (HEINY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Capstone Mining Corp (CS) PT Lowered to C$1.50 Canada Goose Holdings Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares (GOOS) Now Covered by Analysts at CIBC Royal Bank of Canada Begins Coverage on Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Numis Securities Ltd Reiterates Add Rating for RWS Holdings plc (RWS) Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Savannah Petroleum PLC’s (SAVP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Ramsdens Holdings PLC (RFX) Research Coverage Started at Liberum Capital Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Provident Financial plc (PFG) Analysts Offer Predictions for Norfolk Southern Corp.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NSC) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for PDC Energy Inc (PDCE) Issued By Williams Capital Deutsche Bank AG Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 585 Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts BNP Paribas Begins Coverage on Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Hannover Rueck SE (OTCMKTS:HVRRY) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report published on Tuesday morning. Zacks Investment Research currently has $65.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, “Hannover Rueckversicherung AG provides reinsurance services. The Company’s operations are divided into four segments: property and casualty reinsurance, life and health reinsurance, financial reinsurance and specialty insurance. Hannover, through its subsidiaries, transacts all lines of non-life and life/health reinsurance. It offers non-life reinsurance products, including specialty lines comprising aviation and space; credit, surety, and political risks; marine, including offshore energy; and structured reinsurance products, which include insurance-linked securities. Hannover Rueckversicherung AG is based in Hannover, Germany. “ HVRRY has been the topic of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Hannover Rueck SE from a neutral rating to an underweight rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Societe Generale cut Hannover Rueck SE from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc upgraded Hannover Rueck SE from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $65.00. Hannover Rueck SE (OTCMKTS:HVRRY) opened at 57.70 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $13.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.14 and a beta of 1.09. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $57.45 and its 200 day moving average price is $55.20. Hannover Rueck SE has a one year low of $48.76 and a one year high of $60.02. Hannover Rueck SE (OTCMKTS:HVRRY) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 9th. The company reported $1.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.46 by $0.25. Hannover Rueck SE had a return on equity of 12.59% and a net margin of 7.15%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/hannover-rueck-se-hvrry-upgraded-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hannover Rueck SE Company Profile Hannover Rueck SE is a reinsurance company. The Company operates through two segments: Property & Casualty reinsurance and Life & Health reinsurance. The Company under the Property & Casualty reinsurance segment is engaged in marine and aviation reinsurance, credit and surety reinsurance, business written on the London Market, as well as direct business and facultative reinsurance. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Hannover Rueck SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Associated British Foods plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Associated British Foods plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Offer Predictions for Norfolk Southern Corp.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NSC) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for PDC Energy Inc (PDCE) Issued By Williams Capital Deutsche Bank AG Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 585 Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts BNP Paribas Begins Coverage on Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Barclays PLC Raises Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Price Target to GBX 101 StatPro Group PLC (SOG) Price Target Raised to GBX 193 Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Short Interest Down 2.1% in March Short Interest in Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. (GFED) Decreases By 3.1% Short Interest in Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (LBAI) Rises By 20.7% Mirna Therapeutics Inc (MIRN) Short Interest Update Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at BMO Capital Markets Paradigm Capital Begins Coverage on NGEx Resources Inc (NGQ) Western Copper and Gold Corp (WRN) Earns Buy Rating from Rodman & Renshaw Hydro One Ltd (H) Earns “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity Scotiabank Begins Coverage on Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Saputo Inc. (SAP) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc April 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Associated British Foods plc (LON:ABF)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by stock analysts at HSBC Holdings plc in a research report issued on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 3,350 ($41.60) target price on the stock. HSBC Holdings plc’s price objective points to a potential upside of 23.66% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 3,050 ($37.87) price objective on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Numis Securities Ltd cut Associated British Foods plc to a “hold” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from GBX 3,128 ($38.84) to GBX 2,860 ($35.51) in a research report on Friday, March 17th. BNP Paribas cut Associated British Foods plc to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from GBX 2,900 ($36.01) to GBX 2,800 ($34.77) in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 3,100 ($38.49) price objective on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Associated British Foods plc presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 3,001.94 ($37.28). Shares of Associated British Foods plc (LON:ABF) opened at 2709.00 on Wednesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 21.41 billion. Associated British Foods plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,910.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 3,442.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 2,608.76 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 2,576.05. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/13/associated-british-foods-plc-abf-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. In other Associated British Foods plc news, insider Ruth Cairnie acquired 876 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 9th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 2,489 ($30.91) per share, for a total transaction of £21,803.64 ($27,075.18). About Associated British Foods plc Associated British Foods plc is an international food, ingredients and retail company. The Company’s segments include grocery, sugar, agriculture, ingredients and retail. Its geographical segments include the United Kingdom, Europe and Africa, the Americas and Asia Pacific. The grocery segment manufactures grocery products, including hot beverages, sugar and sweeteners, vegetable oils, bread and baked goods, cereals, ethnic foods, herbs and spices, and meat products, which are sold to retail, wholesale and foodservice businesses. Receive News & Ratings for Associated British Foods plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Associated British Foods plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Offer Predictions for Norfolk Southern Corp.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NSC) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for PDC Energy Inc (PDCE) Issued By Williams Capital Deutsche Bank AG Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 585 Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts BNP Paribas Begins Coverage on Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Barclays PLC Raises Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Price Target to GBX 101 StatPro Group PLC (SOG) Price Target Raised to GBX 193 Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Short Interest Down 2.1% in March Short Interest in Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. (GFED) Decreases By 3.1% Short Interest in Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (LBAI) Rises By 20.7% Mirna Therapeutics Inc (MIRN) Short Interest Update Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at BMO Capital Markets Paradigm Capital Begins Coverage on NGEx Resources Inc (NGQ) Western Copper and Gold Corp (WRN) Earns Buy Rating from Rodman & Renshaw Hydro One Ltd (H) Earns “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity Scotiabank Begins Coverage on Timmins Gold Corp. (TMM) Saputo Inc. (SAP) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Deutsche Bank AG Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 585 April 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aviva plc (LON:AV) had its price objective increased by Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 515 ($6.40) to GBX 585 ($7.26) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts also recently commented on the company. Royal Bank of Canada increased their price objective on Aviva plc from GBX 520 ($6.46) to GBX 540 ($6.71) and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 553 ($6.87) price objective on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Friday, February 3rd. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 500 ($6.21) price objective on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Panmure Gordon increased their price objective on Aviva plc from GBX 525 ($6.52) to GBX 592 ($7.35) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC increased their price objective on Aviva plc from GBX 421 ($5.23) to GBX 470 ($5.84) and gave the company an equal weight rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Aviva plc has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 534.93 ($6.64). Aviva plc (LON:AV) opened at 517.50 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 523.01 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 481.19. Aviva plc has a 52 week low of GBX 290.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 570.50. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 21.00 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Deutsche Bank AG Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 585” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/13/deutsche-bank-ag-raises-aviva-plc-av-price-target-to-gbx-585.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 17th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a GBX 15.88 ($0.20) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 3%. In other Aviva plc news, insider Andrew Briggs sold 6,562 shares of Aviva plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 530 ($6.58), for a total value of £34,778.60 ($43,187.14). Also, insider Mark Wilson sold 90,086 shares of Aviva plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 525 ($6.52), for a total value of £472,951.50 ($587,298.52). Aviva plc Company Profile Aviva plc is a holding company. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. Its segments include United Kingdom & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia; Aviva Investors, and Other Group activities. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Provident Financial plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Numis Securities Ltd Reiterates Add Rating for RWS Holdings plc (RWS) Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Savannah Petroleum PLC’s (SAVP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Ramsdens Holdings PLC (RFX) Research Coverage Started at Liberum Capital Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Provident Financial plc (PFG) Analysts Offer Predictions for Norfolk Southern Corp.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NSC) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for PDC Energy Inc (PDCE) Issued By Williams Capital Deutsche Bank AG Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 585 Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts BNP Paribas Begins Coverage on Wizz Air Holdings PLC (WIZZ) Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Majestic Wine PLC (WINE) Barclays PLC Raises Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Price Target to GBX 101 StatPro Group PLC (SOG) Price Target Raised to GBX 193 Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Udg Healthcare PLC (UDG) Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Short Interest Down 2.1% in March Short Interest in Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. (GFED) Decreases By 3.1% Short Interest in Lakeland Bancorp, Inc. (LBAI) Rises By 20.7% Mirna Therapeutics Inc (MIRN) Short Interest Update Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at BMO Capital Markets Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Provident Financial plc (PFG) April 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital reiterated their buy rating on shares of Provident Financial plc (LON:PFG) in a research report report published on Monday morning. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on PFG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on Provident Financial plc from GBX 3,300 ($40.98) to GBX 3,400 ($42.22) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a buy rating and set a GBX 3,732 ($46.34) target price on shares of Provident Financial plc in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Peel Hunt reiterated an add rating and issued a GBX 3,365 ($41.79) price target on shares of Provident Financial plc in a report on Monday, March 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their price target on Provident Financial plc from GBX 3,060 ($38.00) to GBX 3,170 ($39.36) and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 3,000 ($37.25) price target on shares of Provident Financial plc in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Provident Financial plc currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 3,077.55 ($38.22). Shares of Provident Financial plc (LON:PFG) opened at 3123.00 on Monday. Provident Financial plc has a 52 week low of GBX 2,125.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 3,402.27. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 2,980.16 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 2,901.57. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 4.53 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/13/shore-capital-reiterates-buy-rating-for-provident-financial-plc-pfg-2.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 23rd. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a GBX 91.40 ($1.13) dividend. This is a positive change from Provident Financial plc’s previous dividend of $43.20. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a dividend yield of 3.13%. About Provident Financial plc Provident Financial plc is a United Kingdom-based non-standard lender. The Company’s divisions include Vanquis Bank Limited (Vanquis Bank), Consumer Credit Division (CCD) and Moneybarn. Its segments include Vanquis Bank, CCD, Moneybarn and Central. The Company serves non-standard credit customers with a range of products from credit cards and car finance, to home credit and online unsecured, and guarantor loans. Receive News & Ratings for Provident Financial plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Countryside Properties PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Countryside Properties PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Countryside Properties PLC (CSP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Zacks Investment Research Downgrades La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) to Sell Spire Healthcare Group PLC (SPI) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank Merlin Entertainme Spon (MERLY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades M/I Homes Inc (MHO) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades MutualFirst Financial, Inc. (MFSF) to Hold BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Ingredion Inc (INGR) DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €38.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Kingfisher plc (KGFHY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold SAP SE (SAP) Given a €98.00 Price Target by Bank of America Corp Analysts SAP SE (SAP) PT Set at €106.00 by Citigroup Inc Tractor Supply Company Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.45 Per Share (TSCO) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Decreased by Oppenheimer Holdings Pure Multi-Family REIT LP (RUF.U) PT Raised to C$7.25 at Scotiabank Asterias Biotherapeutics Inc (AST) Short Interest Update DryShips Inc. (DRYS) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Vetr Inc. Lowers Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB) to Buy Cree, Inc. (CREE) Receives $24.57 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Brokerages Set WH Smith Plc (SMWH) PT at $1,772.82 Countryside Properties PLC (CSP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt April 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Countryside Properties PLC (LON:CSP)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by research analysts at Peel Hunt in a report issued on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 310 ($3.85) target price on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 16.98% from the stock’s current price. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Countryside Properties PLC to an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 275 ($3.41) target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Countryside Properties PLC (LON:CSP) opened at 265.00 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 237.89 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 236.64. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 213.61 million. Countryside Properties PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 170.60 and a 12-month high of GBX 290.00. WARNING: “Countryside Properties PLC (CSP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/13/countryside-properties-plc-csp-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-peel-hunt.html. Countryside Properties PLC Company Profile Countryside Properties plc (Countryside) is a United Kingdom-based housebuilder and regeneration partner, primarily operating in London and the South East of England, and with a presence in the North West of England. Countryside operates through two divisions: Housebuilding and Partnerships. The Company’s Housebuilding division develops medium to larger-scale sites, providing private housing on private land, primarily around London and in the South East of England. Receive News & Ratings for Countryside Properties PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Countryside Properties PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Dow Jones Industrial Average Sinks 138 Points as U.S. Strikes Afghanistan Shutterstock photo After clawing its way to modest gains at midday, the  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)  took a sharp turn lower on news the U.S. had dropped a ” MOAB ” — or „Mother of All Bombs” — on an Islamic State tunnel target in Afghanistan. This only added to the geopolitical jitters that have kept stocks in check this week, and sent the CBOE Volatility Index ( VIX ) spiking to its highest perch in five months. Financial shares were also on the radar, as  big banks welcomed in first-quarter earnings season. Amid mixed results for JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo, the Dow closed south of its 10-week moving average for the first time since the U.S. presidential election. Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: The 7 top stocks for bullish contrarian traders. Options traders are taking a defensive stance on United stock ahead of earnings. 3 energy stocks that got whacked by analysts. Plus, VIX call buyers vanish; a surging mining stock; and a glimmer of hope for SeaWorld. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA – 20,453.25) closed at its session low, down 138.6 points, or 0.7% — bringing its weekly deficit to 1%. Chevron stock’s 2.6% drop paced the 28 Dow decliners. Disney and Visa were the two gainers, adding 0.1% and 0.2%, respectively. The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,328.95)  gave back 16 points, or 0.7%, while the Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 5,805.15) shed 31 points, or 0.5% — also at their session lows. For the week, the SPX and COMP shed a respective 1.1% and 1.2%. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 15.96)  topped out at a session high of 16.22, before closing up 0.2 point, or 1.2%. On a weekly basis, the market’s „fear gauge” surged 24%. 5 Items on Our Radar Today In a series of tweets today, Tesla CEO Elon Musk set a September reveal date for the company’s electric semi truck, noting it was „Seriously next level.” Plans for the semi truck were first hinted at in Part 2 of Musk’s ” master plan ,” released last summer.   (TechCrunch) Wells Fargo Chief Financial Officer John Shrewsberry said the bank expects the fees related to last year’s account scandal to range between $70 million and $80 million per quarter for „several quarters.” This is more than the estimate of $50 million to $60 million the bank gave back in February.  (Bloomberg) VIX call buyers vanished ahead of the recent volatility spike. Hecla Mining stock surged amid a broader commodities boom, bringing its one-month gain north of 30%. SeaWorld received an upbeat „buy” initiation today, which gave the troubled stock a much-needed boost. Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FNB Crosses Below Key Moving Average Level Next PostNext AMLP Makes Notable Cross Below Critical Moving Average Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 20453.25 -0.67%   S&P 500 ▲ 2328.95 -0.68%   Nasdaq ▲ 5805.15 -0.53%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.234%   Crude Oil ▲ 52.91 -0.38%   Euro ▲ 1.0614 -0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Rising Anxiety Fuels Market About-Face Heard on the Street For Inflation, It’s All About Oil Tax Report How Uncle Sam Divvies Up $100 of Your Taxes Commodities in Your Portfolio? It’s All Hogwash Says Wall Street Dissenter Retreat of ‘Reflation Trade’ Leaves Markets Less Crowded Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Kuwait Aim for $60 Oil Informal Lending in China Ramped Up in March Heard on the Street Surprise FDA Rejection Will Sting This Biotech Hacker Group Says U.S. Tried to Breach Money-Transfer System Heard on the Street Will Comcast Really Cut the Cord? Credit Suisse to Cut Executive Bonuses by 40% SEC Targets Illicit Options Trades Made Ahead of Telecom Deal Heard on the Street Qualcomm’s Apple Bills May Pile Up AIG CEO Peter Hancock’s Total Pay Fell 23% in 2016 Ernst &amp; Young Pays $10 Million to Settle Hedge Fund Legal Battle Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets J.P. Morgan, Citi Score Big Gains, but Shareholders Want More Trading beats lending at three bank giants By Peter Rudegeair, Peter Rudegeair The Wall Street Journal BiographyPeter Rudegeair @rudegeair peter.rudegeair@wsj.com Telis Demos and Telis Demos The Wall Street Journal BiographyTelis Demos @telisdemos Telis.Demos@wsj.com Emily Glazer Emily Glazer The Wall Street Journal BiographyEmily Glazer @EmilyGlazerWSJ Google+ Emily.Glazer@wsj.com Updated April 13, 2017 7:09 p.m. ET Some of the nation’s largest banks warned Thursday that the benefits investors anticipated from rising interest rates and the election of Donald Trump as president aren’t panning out quite as quickly as many had hoped. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. posted sharp increases in first-quarter profit, fueled by a continued rebound in their Wall Street trading businesses. But the results, along with those from Wells Fargo & Co., highlighted that the rising interest rates, more robust loan demand and... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts A Wife's Search for Her Missing Husband Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Most Popular Articles U.S., Afghan Forces Assess Damage to ISIS From Massive Bomb Opinion: Does Steve Bannon Have Something to Offer? How Uncle Sam Divvies Up $100 of Your Taxes Seven Office Menswear Dilemmas—and How to Manage Them Under Armour Paid $73 Million to CEO’s Businesses Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts A Wife's Search for Her Missing Husband Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Most Popular Articles U.S., Afghan Forces Assess Damage to ISIS From Massive Bomb Opinion: Does Steve Bannon Have Something to Offer? How Uncle Sam Divvies Up $100 of Your Taxes Seven Office Menswear Dilemmas—and How to Manage Them Under Armour Paid $73 Million to CEO’s Businesses Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Michaels Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Target Price at $27.50 Brokerages Set US Foods Holding Corp (USFD) PT at $28.95 Brokerages Set Anglo American plc (AAL) Target Price at $1,357.00 Brokerages Set Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Price Target at $2,952.19 Hargreaves Lansdown PLC (HL) Receives GBX 1,323.08 Average Target Price from Analysts Swiss Re AG – (SSREY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Insider Selling: Square Inc (SQ) Director Sells 90,000 Shares of Stock Thomas R. Day Sells 11,650 Shares of Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Stock Bodycote Plc (BYPLF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Analysts Expect Apple Inc. (AAPL) Will Post Earnings of $2.01 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) Will Post Earnings of -$0.18 Per Share Analysts Expect Lear Co. (LEA) to Post $3.95 EPS Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Expected to Post Earnings of $2.14 Per Share Zpg Plc (ZPLA) Receives GBX 365.40 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Receives GBX 204.14 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) PT at $9.05 Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Receives $74.67 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Republic Bancorp, Inc. KY (RBCAA) Share Price Zacks: Brokerages Expect Neos Therapeutics Inc (NEOS) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.85 Per Share Insider Buying: MMA Capital Management LLC (MMAC) CEO Buys 500 Shares of Stock Brokerages Set Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Target Price at $27.50 April 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK) has earned an average rating of “Buy” from the thirteen analysts that are currently covering the firm. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and eight have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1 year price target among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $27.50. A number of research analysts have weighed in on MIK shares. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Michaels Companies from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $25.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Guggenheim reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $28.00 target price (down from $30.00) on shares of Michaels Companies in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Michaels Companies from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised shares of Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. In related news, major shareholder Blackstone Management Associat sold 18,000,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.28, for a total transaction of $383,040,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP Philo Pappas sold 32,020 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.00, for a total transaction of $704,440.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 41,435 shares in the company, valued at approximately $911,570. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 18,070,774 shares of company stock worth $384,601,678. Insiders own 1.50% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of MIK. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter worth $122,000. New York State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in Michaels Companies by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 8,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $168,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Laurion Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in Michaels Companies during the third quarter worth $203,000. RBF Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Michaels Companies during the third quarter worth $213,000. Finally, Seven Eight Capital LP purchased a new stake in Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter worth $209,000. WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/13/brokerages-set-michaels-companies-inc-mik-target-price-at-27-50.html. Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) traded up 0.35% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $22.99. 1,539,166 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $21.88 and a 200 day moving average of $22.24. Michaels Companies has a one year low of $19.00 and a one year high of $31.36. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.62 and a beta of 1.01. Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, March 7th. The company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $1.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.76 billion. Michaels Companies had a net margin of 7.15% and a negative return on equity of 22.27%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.87 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Michaels Companies will post $2.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Michaels Companies Company Profile The Michaels Companies, Inc is North America’s specialty provider of arts, crafts, framing, floral, wall decor, and seasonal merchandise for the hobbyist and do-it-yourself home decorator. As of February 27, 2016, the Company owned and operated more than 1,340 stores in 49 states and Canada under the brands Michaels, Aaron Brothers and Pat Catan’s. Receive News & Ratings for Michaels Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates A Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) logo is seen in Toronto in this file photo. (© Mark Blinch / Reuters) A Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) logo is seen in Toronto in this file photo. (© Mark Blinch / Reuters) At the open: TSX dips as financials, gold miners weigh Add to ... Reuters Published Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 9:46AM EDT Last updated Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 9:46AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada’s main stock index fell on Monday as financial and gold mining shares lost ground, offsetting gains for the energy group as oil prices rose. The Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index was down 8.23 points, or 0.05 per cent, at 15,658.90, shortly after the open. Five of the index’s 10 main groups were lower. U.S. stocks opened little changed on Monday as investors prepared for big banks to kick off the first-quarter earnings season later in the week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 13.73 points, or 0.07 per cent, at 20,669.83, the S&P 500 was up 1.52 points, or 0.064529 per cent, at 2,357.06 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 6.04 points, or 0.1 per cent, at 5,883.86. JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report quarterly earnings on Thursday and could throw light on the U.S. banking industry’s performance after a strong finish in the fourth quarter. Investors are keenly watching the quarterly results to justify lofty market valuations following a post-election rally, sparked off by bets that President Donald Trump would introduce pro-growth policies. Earnings of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.1 per cent in the first three months of the year, the most since the fourth-quarter of 2014. The index is currently trading at 17.4 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “It looks like the start of a quiet holiday week after an underwhelming Friday, where much could have happened but didn’t,” said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, NJ. “Unless there is a significant headline to derail what looks to be a quiet morning, I think the focus is going to be on earnings and what the companies say.” Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to speak in Michigan after markets close. Investors will be looking to clues on the central bank’s plans to trim its $4.5 trillion balance sheet after recent comments from Fed officials. Muted trading volumes across many financial assets on Monday and the dollar rising to a three-week high underscored investor caution against making big bets in the face of geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula. The U.S. dollar inched higher drawing support from U.S. rate hike expectations while global stocks, reaching the point where some see them as expensive, were stuck in neutral ahead of U.S. earnings season this week. European stocks were off 0.1 per cent with industrials and energy sectors the biggest drags. Shares of mining major BHP Billiton were up more than 3 per cent, however, after activist hedge fund Elliot Management urged the company to pursue a spin-off of its U.S. business. The company, in a statement, said the costs involved with Elliott’s proposals outweigh their benefits. The increased geopolitical risks continued to spur investors to move into safer assets such as government debt. Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week’s attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea. “Given that geopolitical tensions escalated last week, it is reasonable to expect a shift in favor of the US dollar, at least in the short-term,” analysts at Rabobank said in a note. The euro edged lower and France’s borrowing costs hit their highest level over Germany in six weeks as investors fretted over the rise of far-left candidate Jean Luc Melenchon in polls before this month’s presidential vote. Mr. Melenchon’s emergence over the past week has raised the possibility that he will square off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the decisive second round in May, making the final result far more unpredictable. France’s bond yield spread over Germany hit 70 basis points in early trading on Monday, its highest since Feb. 27 ,. “The market is focusing a bit too much on the extreme possibilities, but I guess with the elections coming up so soon some nerves are inevitable,” said DZ Bank strategist Christian Lenk. “But at the end of the day I think (the second round) will be Macron versus Le Pen.” Global stocks have traded flat over the past month after the 10 percent rise since last November’s lows took valuations above long-term averages. The MSCI AC World index trades at 16 times forward earnings, compared to a 15-year average of about 14 times. In commodities, oil prices rose nearly 1 percent supported by strong demand and uncertainty over the conflict in Syria and another shutdown at Libya’s largest oilfield. Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil prices, were up 55 cents at $55.79 per barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were up 50 cents at $52.75 a barrel.  Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Carrick Talks Money: Four personal finance books millennials should read (The Globe and Mail)   JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$84.40 -1.00 (-1.17%) C-NCitigroup Inc Latest Price$58.04 -0.47 (-0.80%) WFC-NWells Fargo & Co Latest Price$51.35 -1.77 (-3.33%) CL-FTCrude Oil Front Month Futures Latest Price$52.91 -0.20 (-0.38%) GC-FTGold Front Month Futures Latest Price$1,286.30 +11.00 (+0.86%) TSXS&P/TSX Composite Latest Price15,535.48 -112.92 (-0.72%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price20,453.25 -138.61 (-0.67%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,805.15 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 13 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Before the Bell: Five things every investor needs to know today Monday’s analyst upgrades and downgrades TOP LINKS ‘Five signs Canada is in the grips of real estate mania’ Topics Citigroup Inc. Wells Fargo & Co. Toronto Stock Exchange Inc. TSX Group S&P Company Donald Trump JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News North Korea 'on the brink of war' as U.S. ships approach Report on Business Elon Musk's message for disgruntled shareholders: Buy Ford stock News 36 killed in 'mother of all bombs' blast in Afghanistan Life Chef Basics: Conquer your fried-food cravings with this easy fish and chips recipe Report on Business Andrew Willis: The problem with banks is they're not ready for the fintech revolution Arts Disney announces all-female Star Wars spin-offs Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Four personal finance books millennials should read News Trump offers Passover, Easter greetings Life Kids delight as marshmallows rain down from helicopter News Russian, Iranian and Syrian foreign ministers condemn U.S. strikes on Syria News Scarlett Johansson 'disappointed' in Ivanka Trump Technology Parrot named Gary could advance drone flight capability ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Oil industry backs Clark’s re-election bid in B.C. election Arts Doyle: With transgender outing on Survivor, a political lesson from reality TV Most popular Anxiety intensifies in Toronto's suburbs as anti-Muslim rhetoric escalates April 15: Your daily horoscope Clark’s uninspiring battle plan reminiscent of Harper’s Amid fear of war, Trump has military targets in North Korea, but also risks Senate blocks Liberals’ plan to repeal ‘anti-union’ law X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas A man walks by a bank machine at the Wells Fargo & Co. bank in downtown Denver April 13. (Rick Wilking/Reuters) A man walks by a bank machine at the Wells Fargo & Co. bank in downtown Denver April 13. (Rick Wilking/Reuters) Hopes fade for U.S. bank earnings despite rally in financial shares Add to ... Olivia Oran, Sinead Carew and Chuck Mikolajczak Reuters Published Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 11:27AM EDT Last updated Monday, Apr. 10, 2017 11:27AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Big U.S. lenders are expected to report another round of uninspiring quarterly results this week, which analysts said could dampen a “Trump rally” in bank stocks fueled by expectations the new president would lighten financial regulation and boost the economy. Of particular concern is a recent slowdown in loan growth, driven partly by an uptick in interest rates that dissuaded consumers and companies from refinancing loans. In February, outstanding loans across the U.S. banking industry declined for the first time in more than three years, according to Federal Reserve data. Loans fell slightly for the first quarter overall. Analysts and investors said the lending slowdown came as a surprise, and appeared related not only to declines in mortgage refinancing and corporate borrowing but also to uncertainty about U.S. policy and economic growth. “The loan metric doesn’t fit with the optimistic tone we’ve seen from the banks,” said Patrick Kaser, a portfolio manager at Brandywine Global in Philadelphia who invests in bank stocks. The Fed lifted its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points in March, marking the second such hike in three months. But the recent climb in short-term rates has been accompanied by a drop in longer-term rates, bringing the two closer together. When yields flatten in that manner, it is not helpful to bank earnings either. The season kicks off on Thursday, when three of the country’s biggest lenders, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citigroup Inc and Wells Fargo & Co, report first-quarter results. Rivals Bank of America Corp, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley report the following week. On average, analysts expect the six biggest U.S. banks to see a net income increase of 4.7 per cent compared to the prior year, according to Reuters data. While that may sound like a big gain, the year-ago quarter was an awful one for the banking sector, which saw capital markets activity and loan growth dry up amid mounting macroeconomic concerns. Several analysts lowered earnings estimates last week, citing loan weakness as well as sharp declines in revenue from stock trading, where commissions have come under pressure from a new regulation in Europe and broader troubles for active asset managers. Fewer deals in the first quarter also imply lower revenue from M&A banking. Altogether, the weak points are expected to outweigh small gains anticipated in businesses like fixed-income trading and wealth management. Evercore ISI bank analyst Glenn Schorr described the quarter as “OK” but “definitely not the gangbusters quarter everybody was hoping for.” Big banks have been struggling to earn decent returns on shareholder equity for some time. In recent years, they have been spending billions of dollars to settle legal claims and comply with new regulations and capital requirements. They have also launched massive cost-cutting programs and revenue-boosting initiatives. When November’s U.S. election installed Donald Trump in the White House and business-friendly leadership in Congress, investors tended to think tough regulations would be eased and the economy would strengthen. Bank stocks were the biggest beneficiary of the so-called Trump rally, with the KBW Nasdaq Bank Index rising 32 per cent from Nov. 7 to a peak on March 1. Banks were also the biggest contributors to gains in major blue chip indexes. But since then bank stocks have lost some of their shine, falling 6 per cent in the last month even as the broader market remained mostly flat. With the U.S. Congress unable to pass laws on issues more pressing than financial deregulation, analysts said uncertainty around U.S. polices including trade, taxes and spending may weigh on the economy in the near term. “Expectations were high coming into the year and while 1Q is by no means a bad quarter, revenues are probably less strong than market moves would have implied,” said Macquarie analyst David Konrad. Report Typo/Error   BAC-NBank of America Corp Latest Price$22.34 -0.31 (-1.37%) WFC-NWells Fargo & Co Latest Price$51.35 -1.77 (-3.33%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$84.40 -1.00 (-1.17%) GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$223.32 -2.43 (-1.08%) C-NCitigroup Inc Latest Price$58.04 -0.47 (-0.80%) Updated April 13 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Monday’s analyst upgrades and downgrades Economic improvement not enough to change BoC rate outlook U.S. companies poised to report first quarter of double-digit profit gains since 2014 Topics Citigroup Inc. Banking Wells Fargo & Co. United States Federal Reserve System The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Morgan Stanley JPMorgan Chase & Co. Financial Services Bank of America Corporation Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News North Korea 'on the brink of war' as U.S. ships approach Report on Business Elon Musk's message for disgruntled shareholders: Buy Ford stock News 36 killed in 'mother of all bombs' blast in Afghanistan Life Chef Basics: Conquer your fried-food cravings with this easy fish and chips recipe Report on Business Andrew Willis: The problem with banks is they're not ready for the fintech revolution Arts Disney announces all-female Star Wars spin-offs Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Four personal finance books millennials should read News Trump offers Passover, Easter greetings Life Kids delight as marshmallows rain down from helicopter News Russian, Iranian and Syrian foreign ministers condemn U.S. strikes on Syria News Scarlett Johansson 'disappointed' in Ivanka Trump Technology Parrot named Gary could advance drone flight capability ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Oil industry backs Clark’s re-election bid in B.C. election Arts Doyle: With transgender outing on Survivor, a political lesson from reality TV Most popular Anxiety intensifies in Toronto's suburbs as anti-Muslim rhetoric escalates April 15: Your daily horoscope Clark’s uninspiring battle plan reminiscent of Harper’s Amid fear of war, Trump has military targets in North Korea, but also risks Senate blocks Liberals’ plan to repeal ‘anti-union’ law X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Personalise your weather Join today Login News Breaking News Local Victoria Law & Order Bolt Blog Opinion National World Weird Technology Photos Sport AFL Supercoach AFL AFLW Cricket Tennis NRL Football Rugby Racing Golf US Sports More Basketball Video Entertainment Comedy Festival Confidential Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Awards Leigh Paatsch Business Breaking News Victoria Markets Economy Work Companies Terry McCrann Barefoot Investor Every Step Your Hip Pocket Lifestyle Eating Out Melbourne Travel Money Health Games Stellar Fashion Home Food Horoscopes Parenting RealEstate News Buying Renting Selling Investing Experts Development Prestige Property Video Entertainment Business Sport Video Lifestyle Travel News Video Tech Classifieds Tributes Tradies Cars Jobs Property Business Celebration Notices General Notices Place an Ad Search Use keywords to search content on this website Search Use keywords to search content on this website No Cookies To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose "App Settings" from the menu Turn on the option "Links Open Externally" (This will use the device's default browser) Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 7, 8 & 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy > Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy Options > Under the Hood > Content Settings Check Allow local data to be set Uncheck Block third-party cookies from being set Uncheck Clear cookies Close all Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select 'accept cookies' from the safari menu. Select 'from visited' from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Also In News... Viewers switch off The Footy Show slumps as viewership hits record low Space flight Inside Virgin Galactic space HQ where ordinary people will go from tourists to astronauts Technical breach Ex-Carlton footballer Robbie Warnock sent home after LA airport mishap ‘Very thin’ Starving horses seized from Mornington Peninsula property No bail Man charged with attempting to smuggle cocaine allegedly worth millions Sport shortfall Email to Geelong netball clubs slammed as sexist for policing players’ skirt length ‘Boil and bite’ Cheap ‘boil and bite’ mouthguards can lead to preventable injuries, Bupa says Making airwaves AFLW star Daisy Pearce makes history as Triple M’s first female football caller Regime roadtest Survival of the fittest in celeb fitness program revolution Brunch review Food to count on in Chapel St Epilepsy Teen inmate assaulted at Malmsbury Youth Justice Centre Bin charge hit Yarra city council includes extra bin tax in budget plans No comment Truck driver picked up with $2.4m in trailer not telling police a word Historic feat Melbourne schoolgirl Jade Hameister aims to be youngest woman to ever complete Greenland crossing Toxic dust Berwick families fear asbestos-laden worksite Sponsored Links Newsletters Mobile iPad App Send Pics News Breaking News Local Victoria National World Opinion Photos Law & Order Technology News in Education Weird Weather The Australian news.com.au Herald Sun The Daily Telegraph The Courier-Mail The Advertiser NT News The Mercury Sport AFL NRL Rugby Union Horse Racing Cricket Football Motor Sport Golf Tennis Boxing/MMA Basketball Netball US Sports Fox Sports Punters.com.au Odds.com.au Sports TG Business Business Breaking News Markets Economy Work Small Business Companies Terry McCrann In The Black Your Hip Pocket Business Spectator Eureka Report Entertainment Confidential Celebrity Photos Movies Television Arts Music Books Competitions Moshtix Foxtel Lifestyle Melbourne Realestate Travel Home Mag Money Health Food Sunday Style Fashion Parenting Relationships Horoscopes Sudoku Crossword Home Vogue Taste Kidspot Body + Soul Homelife Learning Seat Get Price GetCreditScore Hipages Find Your Local Herald Sun Follow Us Find us on Twitter RSS find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Privacy Policy Subscribe now Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy About Us Digital Print Edition Newsletter Subscription Contact Us Letter to the Editor For The Record Place an Ad Advertise with us Photo Sales Tributes Shop Careers Journalism Traineeships Work Experience Help Accessibility Site Map Code of Conduct Terms of Use Subscription Terms Group/Corporate Subscriptions Powered by WordPress VIP News Corp 2017 Copyright
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Trump’s About-Face Stocks stumble as the president keeps shifting policy positions. Also, March economic reports aren’t bullish. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Updated April 15, 2017 1:14 a.m. ET A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, in Ralph Waldo Emerson’s famous estimation. In that case, Donald Trump is proving to be anything but small-minded. In just the past week, he has revised his previous views on various subjects, including the North American Treaty Organization, the Export-Import Bank, China and its... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Good News and Bad News for Netflix Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Why Tesla’s Cars Cost 50% More in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Alibaba Has a $20 Billion Cloud Opportunity Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bill Gross: Stocks Rest on Faulty Foundation Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 5 Companies to Watch This Earnings Season Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs 2 GrubHub Adds Big-Chain Restaurants 3 Monster Turns to China Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers CEO pay as percentage of net income Charles McGrath | April 13, 2017 3:43 pm | Updated 3:49 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart CEO pay as percentage of net income View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top 10 DC record-keepers The 10 largest defined contribution record-keepers, based on total assets as of Sept. 30, 2016. View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO 2016 Excellence & Innovation Awards: A talk with HESTAs Neil Saxton View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Workforce > Education / Training > Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Apr 14, 2017 Laura Putre | Skilled Worker Shortage EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 What is in this article?: Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Workforce Training Specialized workforce training and access to capital for small manufacturers are part of a new plan to give the legacy industry a lift.  A scene from Chicago's Candy Expo. Getty Images Advertisement Chicago has been a food and beverage manufacturing hub since the days when James Kraft delivered cheese by horse and buggy and the newborn National Biscuit Company went on a bakery-buying bender. In 1914, the city became “hog butcher to the world” and “stacker of wheat” in Carl Sandburg’s poem. (Sandburg, had he had more wind left in him, also might have added “palace of sweets”—as Brach’s called itself—and “citadel of Cracker Jacks.”) Today, for every Wrigley, Tyson and Morton Salt—companies with a corporate footprint but not necessarily much manufacturing in Chicago--there’s a Vienna Beef or Ingredion with significant production in the region. And there is also a critical mass of small producers--artisanal tortilla makers (yes, there is such a thing, just ask PBS chef Rick Bayless), craft breweries, gourmet chocolatiers--looking to expand. It all adds up to a big impact on region’s economy. According to mapping data from Harvard University’s Institute for Strategy and Competitiveness, the Chicago metropolitan area is the second largest food production economic cluster in the country, behind only Los Angeles. All told, the Windy City region has 4,500 companies in food and beverage manufacturing, packaging, wholesale and distribution; food-related equipment, tools and machinery; and farm product wholesalers. The industry employs 130,000 workers, and brings in $32 billion in annual sales. It’s gained a more healthy diversity in recent decades, moving from meat and grain to eight different subsectors. But there are some challenges. Growth in Chicago’s food manufacturing has been lackluster, with companies skewing older and not quickly adapting to changing consumer tastes toward natural and gourmet foods. Productivity is also not as stellar as it used to be compared to other parts of the country. Smaller manufacturers, making up 94% of Chicago’s food manufacturing establishments, are having trouble making the connections they need to flourish, or don’t have the means or the expertise to update their technology. A new nonprofit organization, the Chicagoland Food & Beverage Network, is hoping to inject some innovation into the landscape here, partnering with manufacturers large and small, workforce organizations and neighborhood leaders. With the help of $1 million in seed funding from the MacArthur Foundation and JPMorgan Chase, it was formed last year with an eye toward bringing inclusive job growth to Chicago. Popular Now Developing a Vision for Your Operations: 7 Steps to See Where You’re Headed Three Strategies for Employee Engagement Canon's Takeover of Oce Completed “We see this as a way to ensure that we maintain and grow our edge in food manufacturing,” says Theresa E. Mintle, president and CEO of the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce, one of the partners in the project. Inclusive economic clusters are a relatively new idea in economic development, and a particular focus of the MacArthur Foundation. They focus on areas that have potential for job growth at all levels, wage earner and professional, high school/vocational education and  college degrees. “When you look at some industry sectors, you don’t see the diversity of jobs,” says Alan Reed, a former dairy industry organizer from Rosemont, Illinois, who is now CFBN’s executive director.  “If you look at technology for instance, it’s usually people with four-year degrees and beyond.” With food and beverage, however, “really there’s a variety of jobs all the way from entry level manufacturing where you can have less than a high school diploma, all the way up to white collar jobs and everywhere in between.” In Chicago, “food and beverage was a clear place where there was just a lot more opportunity for inclusive growth,” he says. CFBN plans to work on four areas: talent and workforce development, food safety and regulatory, innovation and technology, and business services like capital and financing and risk mitigation. Small manufacturing enterprises (SMEs), with less than 250 employees, often have trouble getting access to capital to expand, or may need to collaborate with a co-manufacturer to increase production. First order of business is assembling the board and raising funding for a workforce training pilot program with Instituto del Progreso Latino, a well-respected vocational training program based on the Near South Side of Chicago. Alejandro Silva, former chairman and CEO of pork-rind maker Evans Food Group, is a board member, as is Ricardo Alvalrez, CEO of snackmaker Raymundo’s Food Group. So is Theresa E. Mintle, president and CEO of the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce “We see this as a way to ensure that we maintain and grow our edge in food manufacturing,” says Mintle. Workforce Training » 1 2 Next Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Software Eats Manufacturing (and Manufacturing Gains) Call for Speakers: 2017 IndustryWeek Manufacturing & Technology Conference & Expo 2 Getting Kids Interested in Manufacturing Careers 8 Chattanooga Ushers in Rebirth of Manufacturing How San Diego Reflects National Manufacturing Trends THE LATEST Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Want to Keep Your Millennial Workers? Apple Says Three More Suppliers to Use Solely Renewable Power Marchionne Halts 'Unrealistic' Merger Dreams for Fiat Chrysler Boeing's Largest 737 Max Jet Takes Flight Amid Market Downdraft Musk Lays Out Timeline for Tesla Semi Truck, Electric Pickup More Manufacturing Leader of the Week Apr 11, 2017 Article Sherwin-Williams' Cheri Phyfer: On Building Bridges and Developing Women in Leadership 1 The president of the Diversified Brands Division shares leadership lessons learned and "paying it forward."...More View All Advertisement Trending on IndustryWeek Musk Lays Out Timeline for Tesla Semi Truck, Electric Pickup Supply Chain & Logistics: Top 5 Warehouse Challenges and How to Overcome Them Why Manufacturers Are Turning to Supply Chain Finance to Prep for Growth American Factories versus 'Made in America' Shaping the Future of CAD IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All IW US 500 Stock Index Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing Premier Integration Leveraging Modern Data Science for Competitive Advantage Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco Santander S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29 Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.24 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Effect Banco Santander, (SAN) Stock Price RetailMeNot (SALE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Brokerages Anticipate Alere Inc (ALR) to Announce $0.45 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate CIT Group Inc. (CIT) to Announce $0.56 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Expect Sealed Air Corp (SEE) to Post $0.48 Earnings Per Share SAP SE (SAP) Receives Market Perform Rating from William Blair American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wunderlich Under Armour Inc (UAA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird CBS Co. (CBS) Rating Reiterated by Rosenblatt Securities Analysts Anticipate Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Will Post Earnings of $1.27 Per Share SemGroup Corp (SEMG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.17 Safeguard Scientifics (SFE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Surgery Partners (SGRY) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds New Senior Investment Group (SNR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price CIGNA (CI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Effect CONSOL Energy (CNX) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Effect Banco Santander, (SAN) Stock Price April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Banco Santander, (NYSE:SAN) have been trending somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, ranks the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Banco Santander, earned a media sentiment score of 0.15 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned headlines about the company an impact score of 5 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s rankings: Pros, Cons of Overvalued Stocks (money.usnews.com) Exane BNP Paribas Downgrade its coverage for Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) – StandardOracle (standardoracle.com) Santander and Portugal settle ‘toxic’ swaps case – Seeking Alpha (seekingalpha.com) Pros and Cons of 401(k) Brokerage Options (money.usnews.com) Santander, Portugal Reach Swaps Settlement ( (finance.yahoo.com) Shares of Banco Santander, (NYSE:SAN) traded down 1.87% on Friday, hitting $5.78. 3,816,303 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $5.85 and a 200 day moving average price of $5.20. The company has a market cap of $84.28 billion, a PE ratio of 13.32 and a beta of 1.67. Banco Santander, has a 12 month low of $3.60 and a 12 month high of $6.23. Several research firms have weighed in on SAN. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Banco Santander, from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Societe Generale began coverage on shares of Banco Santander, in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. Kepler Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Banco Santander, in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Banco Santander, in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, BNP Paribas downgraded shares of Banco Santander, from an “outperform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $6.75. WARNING: “Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Effect Banco Santander, (SAN) Stock Price” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/somewhat-positive-press-coverage-extremely-unlikely-to-effect-banco-santander-san-stock-price.html. Banco Santander, Company Profile Banco Santander, SA is a retail and commercial bank. The Banks segments include Continental Europe, the United Kingdom, Latin America and the United States. The Continental Europe segment covers all businesses in the Continental Europe. The United Kingdom segment includes the businesses developed by various units and branches in the country. Receive News & Ratings for Banco Santander S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29 Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.24 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Effect Banco Santander, (SAN) Stock Price RetailMeNot (SALE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Brokerages Anticipate Alere Inc (ALR) to Announce $0.45 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate CIT Group Inc. (CIT) to Announce $0.56 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Expect Sealed Air Corp (SEE) to Post $0.48 Earnings Per Share SAP SE (SAP) Receives Market Perform Rating from William Blair American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wunderlich Under Armour Inc (UAA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Robert W. Baird CBS Co. (CBS) Rating Reiterated by Rosenblatt Securities Analysts Anticipate Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Will Post Earnings of $1.27 Per Share SemGroup Corp (SEMG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.17 Safeguard Scientifics (SFE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Surgery Partners (SGRY) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds New Senior Investment Group (SNR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price CIGNA (CI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Effect CONSOL Energy (CNX) Stock Price Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29 April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) have been trending positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a unit of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Rio Tinto plc earned a media sentiment score of 0.29 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news headlines about the mining company an impact score of 50 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is somewhat likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: Rio Tinto : Alumina 2018 conference to shine spotlight on Gladstone (4-traders.com) Short Term Technical Outlook: Rio Tinto plc (RIO), Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) – Post Analyst (postanalyst.com) Rio Tinto to continue talks on Grasberg mine stake future – Reuters (reuters.com) Rio Tinto plc 25.2% Potential Decrease Indicated by Liberum Capital – DirectorsTalk Interviews (directorstalkinterviews.com) Rio Tinto’s $2.45 bln coal mines sale to Yancoal gets Australian FIRB approval – RTT News (rttnews.com) Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) traded down 0.87% on Friday, reaching $38.94. 2,975,019 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $70.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.25 and a beta of 1.19. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $41.11 and its 200-day moving average is $39.38. Rio Tinto plc has a 1-year low of $26.95 and a 1-year high of $47.11. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 24th were issued a $1.2582 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 22nd. This is a boost from Rio Tinto plc’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.96. This represents a yield of 5.54%. A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Axiom Securities reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $46.00 target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Saturday, January 14th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $41.86. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.29” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/rio-tinto-plc-rio-earns-news-sentiment-score-of-0-29.html. Rio Tinto plc Company Profile Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coty Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price CIGNA (CI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Effect CONSOL Energy (CNX) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Share Price Cincinnati Financial (CINF) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Clorox Co (CLX) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.29 Per Share Analysts Set Unilever plc (ULVR) Target Price at $4,011.52 Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Sonoco Products Co (SON) Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Centurylink (CTL) Stock Price Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.22 Brokerages Set Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC – (ADAP) Target Price at $15.50 Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Receives $58.79 Consensus PT from Brokerages Zacks: DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Given $127.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by William Blair Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) to Hold Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Effect Icon Plc (ICLR) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Daktronics (DAKT) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Effect Rexahn Pharmaceuticals (RNN) Stock Price Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Professional Diversity Network (IPDN) Share Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Coty (NYSE:COTY) have been trending somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne. The research firm, a service of Accern, scores the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Coty earned a news sentiment score of 0.14 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news headlines about the company an impact score of 66 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: US stocks closer: Dow sheds more than 100 points (nasdaq.com) Coty Inc (COTY) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) Top 4 Cosmetics Stocks of 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Did Coty Inc (COTY) Create Value For Shareholders Over The Past One Year? (simplywall.st) Coty Inc. (NYSE:COTY) Releases Sean Foster Has Joined Company As Global SVP of eCommerce (emarketsdaily.com) Coty (NYSE:COTY) traded up 1.65% during trading on Friday, reaching $17.89. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 9,434,871 shares. Coty has a 52 week low of $16.95 and a 52 week high of $31.60. The stock’s market capitalization is $13.37 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $18.42 and a 200 day moving average of $19.77. Coty (NYSE:COTY) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.30 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.05. The firm earned $2.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.37 billion. Coty had a positive return on equity of 13.87% and a negative net margin of 0.20%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 89.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.38 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Coty will post $0.78 EPS for the current year. COTY has been the subject of several analyst reports. B. Riley reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $18.50 price objective on shares of Coty in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies reduced their price objective on Coty from $23.00 to $22.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised Coty from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday. BMO Capital Markets initiated coverage on Coty in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $24.00 price objective for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Coty in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “underweight” rating and a $16.00 price objective for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Coty currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $23.73. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Coty (COTY) Share Price” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-likely-to-impact-coty-coty-share-price.html. In other news, CEO Camillo Pane purchased 72,350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 16th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $19.54 per share, for a total transaction of $1,413,719.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the chief executive officer now owns 251,577 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,915,814.58. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Greerson Greene Mcmullen purchased 13,157 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $18.85 per share, with a total value of $248,009.45. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 53,657 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,011,434.45. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders purchased 4,248,307 shares of company stock valued at $78,918,928 over the last quarter. Insiders own 16.10% of the company’s stock. Coty Company Profile Coty Inc is a beauty company. The Company operates through four segments: Fragrances, Color Cosmetics, Skin & Body Care and Brazil Acquisition. Its fragrance products include a range of men’s and women’s products. Its fragrance brands include Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, Davidoff, Chloe, Balenciaga, Beyonce, Bottega Veneta, Miu Miu and Roberto Cavalli. Receive News & Ratings for Coty Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tile Shop Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tile Shop Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TheStreet, Inc. (TST) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.03 Per Share Brokerages Set Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Price Target at $18.86 Brokerages Anticipate Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) to Announce $0.14 EPS Brokerages Set Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Target Price at $32.33 Brokerages Set St. James's Place plc (STJ) Price Target at $1,142.36 PDF Solutions (PDFS) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.05 PJT Partners (PJT) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.06 SCYNEXIS (SCYX) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds MGP Ingredients (MGPI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.06 Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc. (FSNN) Given $3.00 Average Target Price by Analysts Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Receives $221.08 Consensus PT from Analysts Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Taubman Centers (TCO) Stock Price TransAlta (TAC) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Sensient Technologies (SXT) Stock Price Superior Industries International (SUP) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact LeMaitre Vascular (LMAT) Stock Price North American Energy Partners Inc.(USA) (NOA) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Comstock Mining (LODE) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.04 Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Expect Teradyne, Inc. (TER) to Post $0.38 EPS Brokerages Anticipate Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) to Announce $0.14 EPS April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts predict that Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTS) will report $0.14 earnings per share (EPS) for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Three analysts have made estimates for Tile Shop Holdings’ earnings. Tile Shop Holdings also reported earnings of $0.14 per share in the same quarter last year. The company is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings report before the market opens on Tuesday, April 18th. On average, analysts expect that Tile Shop Holdings will report full-year earnings of $0.53 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.52 to $0.54. For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the company will post earnings of $0.66 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.64 to $0.69. Zacks’ EPS calculations are an average based on a survey of research analysts that cover Tile Shop Holdings. Tile Shop Holdings (NASDAQ:TTS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The company reported $0.07 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.02. The business earned $76.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $78.41 million. Tile Shop Holdings had a return on equity of 18.35% and a net margin of 6.88%. The business’s revenue was up 6.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.08 EPS. Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Tile Shop Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. Tile Shop Holdings currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $19.75. In related news, Director Robert A. Rucker sold 50,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.10, for a total transaction of $955,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 26.10% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in TTS. JPMorgan Chase & Co. purchased a new position in shares of Tile Shop Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $10,362,000. Gerstein Fisher increased its position in shares of Tile Shop Holdings by 0.3% in the third quarter. Gerstein Fisher now owns 47,818 shares of the company’s stock valued at $791,000 after buying an additional 130 shares during the last quarter. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS increased its position in shares of Tile Shop Holdings by 32.5% in the third quarter. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS now owns 82,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,369,000 after buying an additional 20,300 shares during the last quarter. Century Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Tile Shop Holdings by 39.6% in the fourth quarter. Century Capital Management LLC now owns 144,167 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,818,000 after buying an additional 40,891 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Tile Shop Holdings by 110.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,772,557 shares of the company’s stock valued at $45,886,000 after buying an additional 1,453,460 shares during the last quarter. 69.92% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. WARNING: “Brokerages Anticipate Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) to Announce $0.14 EPS” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/brokerages-anticipate-tile-shop-holdings-inc-tts-to-announce-0-14-eps.html. Tile Shop Holdings (NASDAQ:TTS) traded down 2.05% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $19.15. 214,700 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Tile Shop Holdings has a 12-month low of $15.05 and a 12-month high of $21.40. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $18.64 and its 200 day moving average price is $18.64. The stock has a market cap of $988.31 million, a P/E ratio of 53.34 and a beta of 2.07. The firm also recently declared a special dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 24th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, March 14th were given a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Friday, March 10th. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Tile Shop Holdings (TTS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Tile Shop Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tile Shop Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Sports Business Food 73° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 73° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Authorities searched the Northland home of Mark Sellers after he committed suicide during a police chase Aug. 2. File photo by Jill Toyoshiba jtoyoshiba@kcstar.com Business April 14, 2017 5:23 PM Kansas City businessman led a $10 million investment fraud scheme, feds say By Steve Vockrodt svockrodt@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Before killing himself after a brief police chase last year, Kansas City businessman Mark Sellers led a $10 million investment fraud scheme to fund his extravagant lifestyle, according to a federal court filing unsealed Friday. Federal prosecutors in Kansas City unsealed a forfeiture request to seize Sellers’ Northland house, a 2014 Porsche 911 and five separate life insurance policies with a cumulative death benefit of $6 million, all of which investigators believe were ill-gotten gains from the fraud scheme. Authorities also believe that once Sellers spent all his investors’ money, he turned to maxing out eight different credits cards in what’s referred to as a “bust out” scheme. Sellers, 64, shot himself on the morning of Aug. 2 when he discovered federal agents and Kansas City Police Department officers trying to serve a search warrant at his residence at at the 6000 block of North Cosby Court in the Platte County portion of Kansas City. FBI agents had obtained a search warrant the day before from a federal magistrate judge. Sellers wasn’t home when the agents showed up at his door, but he sped away from the authorities in a Ford Explorer when he spotted them blocking off an intersection near his home. Police pursued Sellers briefly before Sellers stopped the car and shot himself in the head with a revolver. He later died at St. Luke’s North. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:55 Live Jazz has landed at KCI Pause 3:03 Zero Suicide youth program counters feelings of severe depression 1:12 Neighbor describes the scene after Northland man shoots himself 2:16 More evidence of water vapor plumes on Jupiter's icy moon Europa 1:03 Shaking laundry instead of heating, drying your clothes in half the time 2:13 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' official trailer 0:56 Ned Yost discusses offense after 8-3 loss to Oakland 0:40 Aerial video of world's most powerful non-nuclear bomb exploding in Afghanistan 1:15 Royals manager Ned Yost on Jason Vargas' 'awesome' outing 1:08 Meet the newest Muppet on 'Sesame Street,' a resource for autism awareness Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Neighbor describes the scene after Northland man shoots himself A Kansas City, North, man shot himself Tuesday morning Aug. 2, 2016, as agents searched his home, the same home where a woman was found shot to death last month. When the homeowner arrived and saw law enforcement officials, he drove away and shot himself nearby. A neighbor describes the scene as law enforcement officials descended on his neighborhood. Photos courtesy Alan McCracken. Glenn Rice and Jill Toyoshiba jtoyoshiba@kcstar.com   Just weeks before, police were called to Sellers’ house where they found his wife, Sandra Sellers, shot dead in the couple’s bedroom with Sellers lying next to her from an apparent attempt to overdose on medication. The 8,800-square-foot house with four bedrooms and seven bathrooms has been listed for sale since Jan. 1 with a $699,000 asking price. That’s down from $1.295 million from before their death. It amounted to bizarre deaths for a couple whom neighbors at the time described as private and, at times, obstinate. Neighbors recalled that the Sellerses were not often home, but did frequently see contractors working on home improvement projects. A business associate described Mark Sellers this way: “He was always a pretty private person, even when we were working together closely. We weren’t out talking shop over a bottle of wine, over dinner, playing golf — there was none of that. It was all business-oriented, and he was good at what he did.” Soon after Sellers’ death, indications emerged that the businessman may have defrauded investors through a company he ran called Selden Companies. Federal investigators now say that Selden Companies raised nearly $10 million from investors since December 2007 with Sellers holding himself out as a businessman who could buy struggling businesses, get their affairs in order and sell them for a profit. But of that $10 million he raised, he returned little more than $200,000 to his investors while spending most of the rest on jewelry, home remodeling and improvement projects, and luxury automobiles, among other things. The Selden Companies scheme affected 100 investors in Kansas City and elsewhere, some of whom had made their investments from retirement savings, according to Friday’s filing. Prior to starting Selden Companies, Sellers had purchased Flo Healthcare, a company that made medical carts for hospitals, sometime in the early 2000s. When Sellers sold Flo in 2007, his investors at the time earned a return for their investment, with some later rolling those returns into Selden Companies. Selden purchased a company called Global Cable and Electronics in Lawrenceville, Ga. For years, Sellers would send investors updates about Global Cable’s business to give the impression that the investment was working out well. Investigators believe Sellers spent all of his investor proceeds sometime in either 2014 and 2015, at which point he turned to credit card fraud. In what authorities refer to as a “bust out scheme,” Sellers opened credit cards with JP Morgan Chase. He would run up large balances, increase the credit limit and then make automated clearing-house payments with bank accounts that didn’t have enough money. Sellers would use the time between the payment request and processing — a period of time referred to in the banking industry as the “float” — to make additional purchases. Authorities say Sellers did this with eight different credit cards. Friday’s filing gives a sense that Sellers knew his scheme was coming apart in the weeks leading up to his death. According to the forfeiture request, Sellers encountered an investor who had become aware that his scheme was unraveling. That investor suggested that he apply for Social Security benefits. Authorities say Sellers never received Social Security payments or pension payouts from former employers. That unnamed investor told investigators that Sellers was asking family members for money and to cover his bills. Steve Vockrodt: 816-234-4277, @st_vockrodt LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:55 Live Jazz has landed at KCI Pause 3:03 Zero Suicide youth program counters feelings of severe depression 1:12 Neighbor describes the scene after Northland man shoots himself 2:16 More evidence of water vapor plumes on Jupiter's icy moon Europa 1:03 Shaking laundry instead of heating, drying your clothes in half the time 2:13 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' official trailer 0:56 Ned Yost discusses offense after 8-3 loss to Oakland 0:40 Aerial video of world's most powerful non-nuclear bomb exploding in Afghanistan 1:15 Royals manager Ned Yost on Jason Vargas' 'awesome' outing 1:08 Meet the newest Muppet on 'Sesame Street,' a resource for autism awareness Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago Live Jazz has landed at KCI 2:55 4 hours ago Live Jazz has landed at KCI 2:16 14 hours ago More evidence of water vapor plumes on Jupiter's icy moon Europa 1:03 2 days ago Shaking laundry instead of heating, drying your clothes in half the time View More Video Business Arkansas' multiple execution plan appearing to unravel Latest: Arkansas judge blocks state from using lethal drug North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade Train stuck in tunnel 3 hours, then stun gun sparks stampede The Latest: Police: 16 hurt in train station stampede Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Credit Suisse boss executive bonus cut by 40% in fat cat row, after shareholder criticism By James Burton City Reporter For The Daily Mail Published: 16:38 EDT, 14 April 2017 | Updated: 16:38 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail 3 View comments The controversial boss of Credit Suisse is taking a multi-million pound pay cut after public outcry over his sky-high wage bill. Tidjane Thiam will lose the cash after agreeing to an embarrassing £1.3m reduction to his 2016 bonus, and a separate hit to his long-term bonus for 2017. The former Prudential boss, 54, is just the latest in a string of executives to feel investors’ wrath over soaring pay packets. Embarrassed: Tidjane Thiam will lose the cash after agreeing to £1.3m reduction Barclays head Jes Staley is to lose more than £1m of his bonus after trying to unmask a whistleblower. Embattled Lloyds boss Antonio Horta-Osorio took a £3.2m pay cut last year when the share price fell and he was caught allegedly having an affair on a business trip. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next When will interest rates move? Inflation respite forecast to... Have you got an unsafe car? As an investigation reveals more... Ditch that Easter egg and encourage your kids to save... How to be a successful investor: Get your free guide to... Share this article Share And Bill Winters, the leader of Asian-focused, London-based lender Standard Chartered, could face a revolt over lax targets in his long-term bonus plan. Credit Suisse’s Thiam in particular has become a poster boy for corporate excesses after shocking even seasoned City observers with the size of his pay packets. Investors were particularly irate at his rewards because Credit Suisse lost £2.2bn in 2016 and is axing 6,000 jobs. Its reputation is also under strain. The authorities raided its offices in London, Australia, Germany, the UK, France and Holland last month in a major probe into money laundering and tax evasion. Dutch prosecutors even seized jewellery, fine art and gold bullion from the Swiss bank’s super-rich clients.  Bosses bowed to pressure for a rethink in a letter to shareholders yesterday in which Thiam claimed he had volunteered for a pay cut to ‘alleviate some of the concerns expressed by some shareholders’. He and others on the 13-strong executive board will see their 2016 annual bonuses slashed by 40 per cent. In the boss’s case, this will mean his £3.3m bonus is cut to £2m, although he still earned £8.3m last year. A long-term bonus for next year will also be cut by 40 per cent. Credit Suisse would not give details of exactly how much money Thiam will lose as a result of this latter cut. Fat cats: JP Morgan’s 48,700 investment banking staff shared £2.2bn of pay in the first three months of 2017 But the long-term payout would have been worth up to £41.4m for the whole board and it appears this total figure will now be cut to £24.8m. A large chunk of this cash was likely to have been headed Thiam’s way. The climbdown is doubly humiliating for the Ivory Coast-born boss because he was forced to take a 40 per cent cut to his 2015 pay in similar circumstances last year. Professor Peter Hahn of the London Institute of Banking and Finance stressed that although the board would lose out, they would ‘still be able to pay their way’.  He said: ‘The shareholder heat is higher this year on executive pay. It’s politically becoming less acceptable – you have at least got to have good results to get the big stuff.’ Although Credit Suisse and other European lenders have been struggling to turn a profit, Wall Street is gearing up for a bonanza as the US economy roars into life.  JP Morgan’s 48,700 investment banking staff shared £2.2bn of pay in the first three months of this year, or £45,897 each. This was some £3,597 more than they pocketed in the same period last year. It suggests that a similar boost could be on the cards at Goldman Sachs and at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. It is even better news for US bank employees who work in London as their pay tends to be calculated in dollars – meaning the weak pound has already given them a boost.   Share or comment on this article e-mail Eggcellent! Cadbury's new £75 million robots are making... Credit Suisse boss executive bonus cut by 40% in fat cat... North Korean war threat fears spark selling spree across... BHS staff to share £1 MILLION due to ‘complete failure to... ALEX BRUMMER remembers a time when you had to reach way... BIG SHOT OF THE WEEK: Twice over billionaire and founder... The Daily Briefing: Consumer prices fell by the largest... I got a brand new 12-sided £1 coin in my change but it's... Have you got an unsafe car? As an investigation reveals... Why that 2p in your purse could be worth £1,400: The... I lost an old phone on holiday, but because I didn't... It's not all outrageous tour reps and beer... How good is your phone and broadband company? New tool... If I have a smart meter fitted will I be charged more for... Is it illegal to pay a handyman cash in hand for work I'm... Sterling rallies after Donald Trump blames himself for... Santander fobs off fraud victims in just 24 hours: We... NS&I's long-awaited three-year savings bond launches... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Free trades to 30 April Exchange traded funds - (ETFs). Terms apply Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS Is it illegal to pay a handyman cash in hand for work I'm getting done over Easter and will I be covered if it all goes pear-shaped? Brexit concerns could cost the UK motor industry £6.5bn New car buyers will look to cut back, study says. Graphene is once more tempting investors - here's how to profit Miracle material for bendy phones to curing diseases. We expose loopholes that may explain why so many of Santander's customers are being hit by fraud Bank fobs off victims in just 24 hours. NS&I slammed over new bond which pays a miserly £6 a year more interest than next best deals Banks lost my £350 donation to a charity for orphaned children and won't help me find it ASK TONY. Digital bank Atom slashes five-year fixed rates to record low of 1.29% in unprecedented move Now that's a mortgage price war! Millions charged more interest on student loans from September as some rates hit 6.1%... - - almost DOUBLE the rate of UK inflation. I lent my dad £8,000 but he's refusing to pay me back and says I'll have to wait until he dies... - even though he's just bought a holiday and a new car! Price comparison sites hiding top energy rates Websites warned over pushing deals they are paid to promote. Secure Trust Bank's latest offering pays 1.85% fixed for two years New bond promises a top rate. Pensioner, 79, has £1k of payments clawed back after his pension scheme makes an admin blunder How do you fight errors that aren't your fault? NS&I's long-awaited three-year savings bond launches paying 2.2 per cent But will it be enough to excite hard-pressed savers? Our dozy fraud watchdog is letting big banks off the hook and failing innocent victims DAN HYDE. How will Brexit really affect Britain's property market? SARAH DAVIDSON crunches the numbers behind house prices and forecasts Remastered original-style Minis with modern features including touchscreens and keyless ignition to sell for over £50,000 Mini makeover. Now Ford motors into the savings market alongside Renault's RCI Would you like a cash Isa with your Fiesta? House price inflation accelerated in February to highest level in four months, official figures show ONS. MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Palm oil producer DekelOil offers healthy future for investors MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as governments look to upgrade creaking infrastructure across the globe MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Good times roll as carpet maker Victoria's shares soar by 59% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Fidelity Asian Values - the all-singing, all-dancing trust that sticks to a winning formula MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Investors clean up as our tip Johnson rises 501% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Affordable homes builder MJ Gleeson lifted by Generation Brexit MIDAS BOND TIP: Care home charity Greensleeves to fund expansion with £30m retail bond offering 4.25% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Compensation shake-up set to boost adviser Frenkel Topping which helps victims of terrible accidents MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Treatt's strategy bears fruit MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property trust LXI builds on solid foundations as it gears up for stock market float MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Inspired Energy can thrive by helping firms cut bills         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success BROOKS MACDONALD DEFENSIVE CAPITAL: 'I'm waiting for the next crisis to deliver my absolute returns,' says manager MITON UK MULTI CAP INCOME: Driving force behind top fund thinks small for big returns MAN GLG JAPAN COREALPHA: Forget New York...it's York that's attracting the yen THE MERCHANTS TRUST: The fund which has managed 34 years of dividend increases WITAN INVESTMENT TRUST: The fund that builds an orchestra of leading investment firms to manage its assets         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Five-year mortgage fix slashed to record 1.29%   New retro Mini models to sell for more than £50k   My dad is refusing to pay back the £8k I lent him   Best investment asset classes of the last 20 years   How Brexit will affect Britain's property market   Five tricks to boost your Avios points pot Latest from Markets ALEX BRUMMER remembers a time when you had to reach way back into corporate history to find case studies of corporate idiocy BIG SHOT OF THE WEEK: Twice over billionaire and founder of hedge fund Elliott, Paul Singer The Daily Briefing: Consumer prices fell by the largest amount in more than 2 years, pushed by decline in price of petrol BHS staff to share £1 MILLION due to ‘complete failure to consult’ staff before dismissal Eggcellent! Cadbury's new £75 million robots are making your Easter eggs at its Bournville factory Credit Suisse boss executive bonus cut by 40% in fat cat row, after shareholder criticism North Korean war threat fears spark selling spree across Asian markets as stocks fall, Yen rises IN THE MONEY: Richard Pennycook, former boss, Co-op, pocketed £2.4m despite the company's £132m loss Sterling rallies after Donald Trump blames himself for making the dollar 'too strong' US growth spurt boosts profits at US investment banks JPMorgan and Citi as markets cheer President Trump MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bank of New York Mellon Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank of New York Mellon Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Share Price Banc of California (BANC) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows BlackBerry (BBRY) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16 Brokerages Set Smart Sand Inc (SND) PT at $16.89 Consolidated Edison (ED) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.43 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Kier Group plc (KIE) Analysts Expect GGP Inc (GGP) Will Announce Earnings of $0.37 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Xenia Hotels & Resorts Inc (XHR) Will Post Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) to Post $1.16 Earnings Per Share Merriman Wealth Management LLC Increases Stake in Public Storage (PSA) 20,000 Shares in SunPower Co. (SPWR) Acquired by Merriman Wealth Management LLC Merriman Wealth Management LLC Has $4,609,000 Stake in HNI Corp (HNI) Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Maintains Stake in Core Laboratories (CLB) ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Advanced Semiconductor Engnrng (ASX) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows American Express Company (AXP) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.17 Aviva Plc (AV) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Receives $16.40 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set BAE Systems plc (BA) Target Price at $642.67 Analysts Set Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Price Target at $273.47 Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Share Price April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK) have trended somewhat positive recently, Alpha One reports. The research firm, a service of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Bank of New York Mellon Corp earned a news sentiment score of 0.05 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the company an impact score of 98 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. These are some of the headlines that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s rankings: Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC (americanbankingnews.com) COFINA holders sue bond trustee Bank of New York Mellon (fixedincome.fidelity.com) BNY Mellon Wealth Management CFO Named One of 25 Influential Black Women in Business for 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) The Bank of New York Mellon Corp. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : BK-US : April 13, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Bank of New York Mellon Corp Raised by Analyst (BK) (americanbankingnews.com) Shares of Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK) traded down 1.00% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $46.42. The company had a trading volume of 3,825,403 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $48.16 billion, a PE ratio of 14.74 and a beta of 1.32. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $47.35 and its 200-day moving average price is $45.77. Bank of New York Mellon Corp has a 52-week low of $35.72 and a 52-week high of $49.54. Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.77 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.77. The firm had revenue of $3.79 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.85 billion. Bank of New York Mellon Corp had a net margin of 22.64% and a return on equity of 9.74%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.68 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that Bank of New York Mellon Corp will post $3.47 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. BK has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods cut Bank of New York Mellon Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $54.00 to $48.00 in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Citigroup Inc upgraded Bank of New York Mellon Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $50.00 to $57.00 in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Evercore ISI cut Bank of New York Mellon Corp from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Bank of New York Mellon Corp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $47.50 to $49.00 in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Bank of New York Mellon Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, four have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Bank of New York Mellon Corp has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $50.92. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/somewhat-favorable-media-coverage-extremely-likely-to-effect-bank-of-new-york-mellon-corp-bk-share-price.html. In other Bank of New York Mellon Corp news, Vice Chairman Brian T. Shea sold 199,676 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $45.07, for a total transaction of $8,999,397.32. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 348,486 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $15,706,264.02. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own 3.40% of the company’s stock. Bank of New York Mellon Corp Company Profile The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is an investments company. The Company operates businesses through two segments: Investment Management and Investment Services. The Company also has an Other segment, which includes the leasing portfolio, corporate treasury activities (including its investment securities portfolio), derivatives and other trading, corporate and bank-owned life insurance and renewable energy investments, and business exits. Receive News & Ratings for Bank of New York Mellon Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank of New York Mellon Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Express Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Express Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Advanced Semiconductor Engnrng (ASX) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows American Express Company (AXP) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.17 Aviva Plc (AV) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Receives $16.40 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set BAE Systems plc (BA) Target Price at $642.67 Analysts Set Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Price Target at $273.47 Analysts Set Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) PT at $25.78 Relx PLC (REL) Receives GBX 1,604.88 Average PT from Brokerages PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT) EVP Laura Santana Sells 1,100 Shares Boston Beer Company Inc (SAM) Chairman C James Koch Sells 7,500 Shares Korea Equity Fund Inc. (KEF) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Buys 20,500 Shares Nabriva Therapeutics AG – (NBRV) Major Shareholder Sells $369,020.44 in Stock Insider Buying: Aspen Aerogels Inc (ASPN) Director Buys 9,954 Shares of Stock Tejon Ranch Company (TRC) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.08 TJX Companies (TJX) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Advantest Corp (ATEYY) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Brokerages Expect Surgery Partners Inc (SGRY) Will Announce Earnings of $0.09 Per Share Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (LMRK) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.26 Per Share GKN plc (GKNLY) Receives $5.25 Consensus PT from Brokerages American Express Company (AXP) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.17 April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) have been trending somewhat positive on Friday, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, identifies positive and negative media coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. American Express Company earned a coverage optimism score of 0.17 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave headlines about the payment services company an impact score of 74 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have effected AlphaOne’s rankings: American Express Co. : AXP-US: Dividend Analysis : April 07th, 2017 (record date) : By the numbers : April 14, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) American Express: Threats On The Horizon? – Seeking Alpha (seekingalpha.com) The Charts For American Express Company (AXP) Is Speaking Volumes Today – NY Stock News (nystocknews.com) The Chart Is Speaking Loud And Clear For American Express Company (AXP) – NY Stock News (nystocknews.com) Options market says volatility set to pop & more (finance.yahoo.com) Shares of American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) traded down 1.15% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $75.80. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,666,554 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $78.79 and its 200-day moving average price is $73.56. American Express Company has a 12-month low of $57.15 and a 12-month high of $82.00. The company has a market cap of $68.32 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.42 and a beta of 1.19. American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The payment services company reported $0.91 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.07. American Express Company had a net margin of 16.63% and a return on equity of 33.49%. The business earned $8 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.92 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.23 EPS. American Express Company’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that American Express Company will post $5.63 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 10th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be given a $0.32 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.69%. American Express Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 22.74%. A number of analysts have weighed in on AXP shares. Vetr lowered American Express Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $71.74 target price on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded American Express Company from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $90.00 in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. JMP Securities reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of American Express Company in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Bank of America Corp upgraded American Express Company from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $78.00 to $90.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Instinet reiterated a “reduce” rating and issued a $63.00 target price on shares of American Express Company in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.02. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “American Express Company (AXP) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.17” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/american-express-company-axp-given-media-sentiment-rating-of-0-17.html. In related news, insider L Kevin Cox sold 77,006 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.01, for a total value of $6,007,238.06. Following the sale, the insider now owns 54,954 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,286,961.54. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director John Joseph Brennan acquired 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $79.74 per share, for a total transaction of $318,960.00. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 4,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $318,960. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.78% of the stock is owned by insiders. American Express Company Company Profile American Express Company, together with its subsidiaries, is a global services company. The Company’s principal products and services are charge and credit card products, and travel-related services, which are offered to consumers and businesses around the world. Its segments include the U.S. Consumer Services (USCS), International Consumer and Network Services (ICNS), Global Commercial Services (GCS) and Global Merchant Services (GMS). Receive News & Ratings for American Express Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Express Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Workforce > Education / Training > Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Apr 14, 2017 Laura Putre | Skilled Worker Shortage EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 What is in this article?: Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Workforce Training Specialized workforce training and access to capital for small manufacturers are part of a new plan to give the legacy industry a lift.  A scene from Chicago's Candy Expo. Getty Images Advertisement Chicago has been a food and beverage manufacturing hub since the days when James Kraft delivered cheese by horse and buggy and the newborn National Biscuit Company went on a bakery-buying bender. In 1914, the city became “hog butcher to the world” and “stacker of wheat” in Carl Sandburg’s poem. (Sandburg, had he had more wind left in him, also might have added “palace of sweets”—as Brach’s called itself—and “citadel of Cracker Jacks.”) Today, for every Wrigley, Tyson and Morton Salt—companies with a corporate footprint but not necessarily much manufacturing in Chicago--there’s a Vienna Beef or Ingredion with significant production in the region. And there is also a critical mass of small producers--artisanal tortilla makers (yes, there is such a thing, just ask PBS chef Rick Bayless), craft breweries, gourmet chocolatiers--looking to expand. It all adds up to a big impact on region’s economy. According to mapping data from Harvard University’s Institute for Strategy and Competitiveness, the Chicago metropolitan area is the second largest food production economic cluster in the country, behind only Los Angeles. All told, the Windy City region has 4,500 companies in food and beverage manufacturing, packaging, wholesale and distribution; food-related equipment, tools and machinery; and farm product wholesalers. The industry employs 130,000 workers, and brings in $32 billion in annual sales. It’s gained a more healthy diversity in recent decades, moving from meat and grain to eight different subsectors. But there are some challenges. Growth in Chicago’s food manufacturing has been lackluster, with companies skewing older and not quickly adapting to changing consumer tastes toward natural and gourmet foods. Productivity is also not as stellar as it used to be compared to other parts of the country. Smaller manufacturers, making up 94% of Chicago’s food manufacturing establishments, are having trouble making the connections they need to flourish, or don’t have the means or the expertise to update their technology. A new nonprofit organization, the Chicagoland Food & Beverage Network, is hoping to inject some innovation into the landscape here, partnering with manufacturers large and small, workforce organizations and neighborhood leaders. With the help of $1 million in seed funding from the MacArthur Foundation and JPMorgan Chase, it was formed last year with an eye toward bringing inclusive job growth to Chicago. Popular Now Developing a Vision for Your Operations: 7 Steps to See Where You’re Headed Three Strategies for Employee Engagement Canon's Takeover of Oce Completed “We see this as a way to ensure that we maintain and grow our edge in food manufacturing,” says Theresa E. Mintle, president and CEO of the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce, one of the partners in the project. Inclusive economic clusters are a relatively new idea in economic development, and a particular focus of the MacArthur Foundation. They focus on areas that have potential for job growth at all levels, wage earner and professional, high school/vocational education and  college degrees. “When you look at some industry sectors, you don’t see the diversity of jobs,” says Alan Reed, a former dairy industry organizer from Rosemont, Illinois, who is now CFBN’s executive director.  “If you look at technology for instance, it’s usually people with four-year degrees and beyond.” With food and beverage, however, “really there’s a variety of jobs all the way from entry level manufacturing where you can have less than a high school diploma, all the way up to white collar jobs and everywhere in between.” In Chicago, “food and beverage was a clear place where there was just a lot more opportunity for inclusive growth,” he says. CFBN plans to work on four areas: talent and workforce development, food safety and regulatory, innovation and technology, and business services like capital and financing and risk mitigation. Small manufacturing enterprises (SMEs), with less than 250 employees, often have trouble getting access to capital to expand, or may need to collaborate with a co-manufacturer to increase production. First order of business is assembling the board and raising funding for a workforce training pilot program with Instituto del Progreso Latino, a well-respected vocational training program based on the Near South Side of Chicago. Alejandro Silva, former chairman and CEO of pork-rind maker Evans Food Group, is a board member, as is Ricardo Alvalrez, CEO of snackmaker Raymundo’s Food Group. So is Theresa E. Mintle, president and CEO of the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce “We see this as a way to ensure that we maintain and grow our edge in food manufacturing,” says Mintle. Workforce Training » 1 2 Next Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Software Eats Manufacturing (and Manufacturing Gains) Call for Speakers: 2017 IndustryWeek Manufacturing & Technology Conference & Expo 2 Getting Kids Interested in Manufacturing Careers 8 Chattanooga Ushers in Rebirth of Manufacturing How San Diego Reflects National Manufacturing Trends THE LATEST Food Manufacturing in Chicago Gets a Boost Want to Keep Your Millennial Workers? Apple Says Three More Suppliers to Use Solely Renewable Power Marchionne Halts 'Unrealistic' Merger Dreams for Fiat Chrysler Boeing's Largest 737 Max Jet Takes Flight Amid Market Downdraft Musk Lays Out Timeline for Tesla Semi Truck, Electric Pickup More Manufacturing Leader of the Week Apr 11, 2017 Article Sherwin-Williams' Cheri Phyfer: On Building Bridges and Developing Women in Leadership 1 The president of the Diversified Brands Division shares leadership lessons learned and "paying it forward."...More View All Advertisement Trending on IndustryWeek Musk Lays Out Timeline for Tesla Semi Truck, Electric Pickup Supply Chain & Logistics: Top 5 Warehouse Challenges and How to Overcome Them Why Manufacturers Are Turning to Supply Chain Finance to Prep for Growth American Factories versus 'Made in America' Shaping the Future of CAD IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Increase Your International Sales: How to Make Sure You Have the Right Export Documentation Manufacturing's Great Debate Best Practices for IoT Success Put Your Labor Data to Work: Unlock Improvements in Manufacturing with Engaged Employees View All IW US 500 Stock Index Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing Premier Integration Leveraging Modern Data Science for Competitive Advantage Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies What's In the Gear that Service Techs Need? More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Credit Suisse boss executive bonus cut by 40% in fat cat row, after shareholder criticism By James Burton City Reporter For The Daily Mail Published: 16:38 EDT, 14 April 2017 | Updated: 16:38 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail 3 View comments The controversial boss of Credit Suisse is taking a multi-million pound pay cut after public outcry over his sky-high wage bill. Tidjane Thiam will lose the cash after agreeing to an embarrassing £1.3m reduction to his 2016 bonus, and a separate hit to his long-term bonus for 2017. The former Prudential boss, 54, is just the latest in a string of executives to feel investors’ wrath over soaring pay packets. Embarrassed: Tidjane Thiam will lose the cash after agreeing to £1.3m reduction Barclays head Jes Staley is to lose more than £1m of his bonus after trying to unmask a whistleblower. Embattled Lloyds boss Antonio Horta-Osorio took a £3.2m pay cut last year when the share price fell and he was caught allegedly having an affair on a business trip. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next When will interest rates move? Inflation respite forecast to... Have you got an unsafe car? As an investigation reveals more... Ditch that Easter egg and encourage your kids to save... How to be a successful investor: Get your free guide to... Share this article Share And Bill Winters, the leader of Asian-focused, London-based lender Standard Chartered, could face a revolt over lax targets in his long-term bonus plan. Credit Suisse’s Thiam in particular has become a poster boy for corporate excesses after shocking even seasoned City observers with the size of his pay packets. Investors were particularly irate at his rewards because Credit Suisse lost £2.2bn in 2016 and is axing 6,000 jobs. Its reputation is also under strain. The authorities raided its offices in London, Australia, Germany, the UK, France and Holland last month in a major probe into money laundering and tax evasion. Dutch prosecutors even seized jewellery, fine art and gold bullion from the Swiss bank’s super-rich clients.  Bosses bowed to pressure for a rethink in a letter to shareholders yesterday in which Thiam claimed he had volunteered for a pay cut to ‘alleviate some of the concerns expressed by some shareholders’. He and others on the 13-strong executive board will see their 2016 annual bonuses slashed by 40 per cent. In the boss’s case, this will mean his £3.3m bonus is cut to £2m, although he still earned £8.3m last year. A long-term bonus for next year will also be cut by 40 per cent. Credit Suisse would not give details of exactly how much money Thiam will lose as a result of this latter cut. Fat cats: JP Morgan’s 48,700 investment banking staff shared £2.2bn of pay in the first three months of 2017 But the long-term payout would have been worth up to £41.4m for the whole board and it appears this total figure will now be cut to £24.8m. A large chunk of this cash was likely to have been headed Thiam’s way. The climbdown is doubly humiliating for the Ivory Coast-born boss because he was forced to take a 40 per cent cut to his 2015 pay in similar circumstances last year. Professor Peter Hahn of the London Institute of Banking and Finance stressed that although the board would lose out, they would ‘still be able to pay their way’.  He said: ‘The shareholder heat is higher this year on executive pay. It’s politically becoming less acceptable – you have at least got to have good results to get the big stuff.’ Although Credit Suisse and other European lenders have been struggling to turn a profit, Wall Street is gearing up for a bonanza as the US economy roars into life.  JP Morgan’s 48,700 investment banking staff shared £2.2bn of pay in the first three months of this year, or £45,897 each. This was some £3,597 more than they pocketed in the same period last year. It suggests that a similar boost could be on the cards at Goldman Sachs and at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. It is even better news for US bank employees who work in London as their pay tends to be calculated in dollars – meaning the weak pound has already given them a boost.   Share or comment on this article e-mail Eggcellent! Cadbury's new £75 million robots are making... Credit Suisse boss executive bonus cut by 40% in fat cat... North Korean war threat fears spark selling spree across... BHS staff to share £1 MILLION due to ‘complete failure to... ALEX BRUMMER remembers a time when you had to reach way... BIG SHOT OF THE WEEK: Twice over billionaire and founder... The Daily Briefing: Consumer prices fell by the largest... I got a brand new 12-sided £1 coin in my change but it's... Have you got an unsafe car? As an investigation reveals... Why that 2p in your purse could be worth £1,400: The... I lost an old phone on holiday, but because I didn't... It's not all outrageous tour reps and beer... How good is your phone and broadband company? New tool... If I have a smart meter fitted will I be charged more for... Is it illegal to pay a handyman cash in hand for work I'm... Sterling rallies after Donald Trump blames himself for... Santander fobs off fraud victims in just 24 hours: We... NS&I's long-awaited three-year savings bond launches... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Free trades to 30 April Exchange traded funds - (ETFs). Terms apply Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS Is it illegal to pay a handyman cash in hand for work I'm getting done over Easter and will I be covered if it all goes pear-shaped? Brexit concerns could cost the UK motor industry £6.5bn New car buyers will look to cut back, study says. Graphene is once more tempting investors - here's how to profit Miracle material for bendy phones to curing diseases. We expose loopholes that may explain why so many of Santander's customers are being hit by fraud Bank fobs off victims in just 24 hours. NS&I slammed over new bond which pays a miserly £6 a year more interest than next best deals Banks lost my £350 donation to a charity for orphaned children and won't help me find it ASK TONY. Digital bank Atom slashes five-year fixed rates to record low of 1.29% in unprecedented move Now that's a mortgage price war! Millions charged more interest on student loans from September as some rates hit 6.1%... - - almost DOUBLE the rate of UK inflation. I lent my dad £8,000 but he's refusing to pay me back and says I'll have to wait until he dies... - even though he's just bought a holiday and a new car! Price comparison sites hiding top energy rates Websites warned over pushing deals they are paid to promote. Secure Trust Bank's latest offering pays 1.85% fixed for two years New bond promises a top rate. Pensioner, 79, has £1k of payments clawed back after his pension scheme makes an admin blunder How do you fight errors that aren't your fault? NS&I's long-awaited three-year savings bond launches paying 2.2 per cent But will it be enough to excite hard-pressed savers? Our dozy fraud watchdog is letting big banks off the hook and failing innocent victims DAN HYDE. How will Brexit really affect Britain's property market? SARAH DAVIDSON crunches the numbers behind house prices and forecasts Remastered original-style Minis with modern features including touchscreens and keyless ignition to sell for over £50,000 Mini makeover. Now Ford motors into the savings market alongside Renault's RCI Would you like a cash Isa with your Fiesta? House price inflation accelerated in February to highest level in four months, official figures show ONS. MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Palm oil producer DekelOil offers healthy future for investors MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as governments look to upgrade creaking infrastructure across the globe MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Good times roll as carpet maker Victoria's shares soar by 59% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Fidelity Asian Values - the all-singing, all-dancing trust that sticks to a winning formula MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Investors clean up as our tip Johnson rises 501% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Affordable homes builder MJ Gleeson lifted by Generation Brexit MIDAS BOND TIP: Care home charity Greensleeves to fund expansion with £30m retail bond offering 4.25% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Compensation shake-up set to boost adviser Frenkel Topping which helps victims of terrible accidents MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Treatt's strategy bears fruit MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property trust LXI builds on solid foundations as it gears up for stock market float MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Inspired Energy can thrive by helping firms cut bills         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success BROOKS MACDONALD DEFENSIVE CAPITAL: 'I'm waiting for the next crisis to deliver my absolute returns,' says manager MITON UK MULTI CAP INCOME: Driving force behind top fund thinks small for big returns MAN GLG JAPAN COREALPHA: Forget New York...it's York that's attracting the yen THE MERCHANTS TRUST: The fund which has managed 34 years of dividend increases WITAN INVESTMENT TRUST: The fund that builds an orchestra of leading investment firms to manage its assets         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Five-year mortgage fix slashed to record 1.29%   New retro Mini models to sell for more than £50k   My dad is refusing to pay back the £8k I lent him   Best investment asset classes of the last 20 years   How Brexit will affect Britain's property market   Five tricks to boost your Avios points pot Latest from Markets ALEX BRUMMER remembers a time when you had to reach way back into corporate history to find case studies of corporate idiocy BIG SHOT OF THE WEEK: Twice over billionaire and founder of hedge fund Elliott, Paul Singer The Daily Briefing: Consumer prices fell by the largest amount in more than 2 years, pushed by decline in price of petrol BHS staff to share £1 MILLION due to ‘complete failure to consult’ staff before dismissal Eggcellent! Cadbury's new £75 million robots are making your Easter eggs at its Bournville factory Credit Suisse boss executive bonus cut by 40% in fat cat row, after shareholder criticism North Korean war threat fears spark selling spree across Asian markets as stocks fall, Yen rises IN THE MONEY: Richard Pennycook, former boss, Co-op, pocketed £2.4m despite the company's £132m loss Sterling rallies after Donald Trump blames himself for making the dollar 'too strong' US growth spurt boosts profits at US investment banks JPMorgan and Citi as markets cheer President Trump MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 2:58 A.M. ET 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices 4/14 Trump plans to nominate Scott Garrett, critic of Export-Import Bank, to head agency 4/14 Updated Here’s proof that disputing your credit-card bill could be worth it 4/14 Updated Why American men may have less luck finding a job than women 4/14 Updated The Beckhams add another trademark to their brand: their five-year-old daughter Harper 4/14 Updated That time when a Nobel Prize–winning economist got unceremoniously ejected from a United flight 4/14 Updated Foreclosure activity drops to pre-recession levels nationwide 4/14 Updated The lesson every office manager needs to learn from Zeke Smith’s outing on ‘Survivor’ 4/14 Updated Here is one thing that Democrats and Republicans agree upon 4/14 Updated This is how long it could take for United to recover from its PR disaster 4/14 Updated 10 memorable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/14 This economist had the simple solution to United’s debacle — in 1968 4/14 What Uber’s financial results show 4/14 Updated Crate & Barrel CEO Doug Diemoz leaves the company 4/14 Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump 4/14 Updated U.S. Treasury declines to label China a currency manipulator 4/14 Uber losses would have ranked near top among public companies in 2016 4/14 Corrected Apple gets to test driverless cars in California 4/14 Opinion Journal: The Trump-Giuliani Connection 4/14 Opinion Journal: How Valuable Is Tesla? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Personal Finance Daily Get email alerts Why April 15 isn’t Tax Day and 5 surprising things you can deduct from your income taxes By Alessandra Malito Published: Apr 14, 2017 4:07 p.m. ET Share Friday's top personal finance stories By AlessandraMalito Reporter Happy Friday, MarketWatchers! Here are your top personal finance stories of the day. Personal Finance Why Washington College is giving low-income students free education What’s the true price of a college experience? Sheila Bair’s small liberal arts college is trying to find out The Moneyologist: My elderly uncle has dementia — do I pay off his mortgage before he can no longer live alone? This man is the sole caretaker and advocate for his 76-year-old relative. The Moneyologist: Can I keep the $200 airline voucher I was given on a business trip? There is not always a clear difference between a kickback and genuine compensation. 5 surprising things you can deduct from your income taxes As a portion of Donald Trump’s 2005 tax returns are revealed by Rachel Maddow, Americans are also focusing on their own. Adding calorie counts on menus might make Americans eat better — but not in the way you’d think The idea is simple enough: if consumers see calorie information, they’ll eat better, advocates say. But the research suggests otherwise. This is how long it could take for United to recover from its PR disaster The airline has hit a 10-year low in a brand perception survey. 8 luxury hotels worth it just for the food When it comes to knockout ambience, killer cuisine and a world-class experience, these hotels bring their A game. Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline Why April 15 has lost its claim to ‘Tax Day’ Procrastinating on your taxes? Avoid these 6 common mistakes leaving everything to the last minute can lead to errors, both large and small, and some of those errors could cost you serious money Why you should never out your LGBT co-workers, as told by ‘Survivor’ Businesses do better when they’re supportive of LGBT employees. Elsewhere on MarketWatch Historical lessons don’t bode well for tax reform The tax reform being discussed in Congress is wildly different in approach from what was done in 1986 — and that doesn’t bode well for its success, an analyst says. How the Fed will read the soft CPI and retail sales reports Disappointments on both inflation and retail sales for March might give reason for Federal Reserve officials to think twice about their plan to ratchet up rates as many as three more times this year. Rental relief is on the way, starting with the oil patch and the 1% The cost of rent continues to outpace inflation and wage growth, but a boom in apartment construction is finally feeding more supply into the market. Wireless price wars are cutting your phone bills Americans love their cell phones, but they also love unlimited plans that cost less. Prices in the wireless phone market have tumbled more than 11% in the past year as companies view to offer cheaper unlimited plans. Trump is flip-flopping on everything — and it may make him great again President Donald Trump has switched positions on at least half a dozen major economic and foreign policy issues in the last week alone. The net result: Trump is emerging as a president more acceptable to the mainstream, writes Paul Brandus. Jamie Dimon says fixing mortgage industry would boost lending by $300 billion a year J.P. Morgan Chase’s CEO uses his annual letter to argue for streamlined regulations to boost mortgage lending and revive the economy. Hidden in weird CPI report, housing costs are moderating Inflation has moderated somewhat, mostly because housing costs aren’t rising nearly as fast as they were, writes Rex Nutting. Inflation falls for first time in 13 months, CPI shows The cost of goods and services for American consumers fell in March for the first time in more than a year, reflecting a decline in gasoline prices that’s put a halt for now to rising inflation. Retail sales post worst two-month stretch in two year Sales at U.S. retailers fell in March for the second month in a row, marking the worst two-month stretch in two years. Why MarketWatch forecaster of the month is racheting back his U.S. growth forecast An increase in global trade will push the U.S. economy forward this year, but Christophe Barraud, the winner of the Forecaster of the Month contest, no longer sees U.S. growth nearing 3% this year. Haven’t subscribed yet to MarketWatch’s daily personal finance newsletter? Sign up here. More from MarketWatch Bugatti's Chiron: Excuse Me While I Touch the Sky...Again Wireless price wars are cutting your phone bills United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions Most Popular Why American men may have less luck finding a job than women U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com 5-Year CDs Jump to 2.3% APY SmartAsset.com 2017's Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards with No Annual Fee SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.37% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.05% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.81% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.82% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.69% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.36% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.36% 48 Mo New Car 3.23% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. MarketWatch Partner Center Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 2:58 A.M. ET 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices 4/14 Trump plans to nominate Scott Garrett, critic of Export-Import Bank, to head agency 4/14 Updated Here’s proof that disputing your credit-card bill could be worth it 4/14 Updated Why American men may have less luck finding a job than women 4/14 Updated The Beckhams add another trademark to their brand: their five-year-old daughter Harper 4/14 Updated That time when a Nobel Prize–winning economist got unceremoniously ejected from a United flight 4/14 Updated Foreclosure activity drops to pre-recession levels nationwide 4/14 Updated The lesson every office manager needs to learn from Zeke Smith’s outing on ‘Survivor’ 4/14 Updated Here is one thing that Democrats and Republicans agree upon 4/14 Updated This is how long it could take for United to recover from its PR disaster 4/14 Updated 10 memorable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/14 This economist had the simple solution to United’s debacle — in 1968 4/14 What Uber’s financial results show 4/14 Updated Crate & Barrel CEO Doug Diemoz leaves the company 4/14 Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump 4/14 Updated U.S. Treasury declines to label China a currency manipulator 4/14 Uber losses would have ranked near top among public companies in 2016 4/14 Corrected Apple gets to test driverless cars in California 4/14 Opinion Journal: The Trump-Giuliani Connection 4/14 Opinion Journal: How Valuable Is Tesla? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Personal Finance Daily Get email alerts Why April 15 isn’t Tax Day and 5 surprising things you can deduct from your income taxes By Alessandra Malito Published: Apr 14, 2017 4:07 p.m. ET Share Friday's top personal finance stories By AlessandraMalito Reporter Happy Friday, MarketWatchers! Here are your top personal finance stories of the day. Personal Finance Why Washington College is giving low-income students free education What’s the true price of a college experience? Sheila Bair’s small liberal arts college is trying to find out The Moneyologist: My elderly uncle has dementia — do I pay off his mortgage before he can no longer live alone? This man is the sole caretaker and advocate for his 76-year-old relative. The Moneyologist: Can I keep the $200 airline voucher I was given on a business trip? There is not always a clear difference between a kickback and genuine compensation. 5 surprising things you can deduct from your income taxes As a portion of Donald Trump’s 2005 tax returns are revealed by Rachel Maddow, Americans are also focusing on their own. Adding calorie counts on menus might make Americans eat better — but not in the way you’d think The idea is simple enough: if consumers see calorie information, they’ll eat better, advocates say. But the research suggests otherwise. This is how long it could take for United to recover from its PR disaster The airline has hit a 10-year low in a brand perception survey. 8 luxury hotels worth it just for the food When it comes to knockout ambience, killer cuisine and a world-class experience, these hotels bring their A game. Thank Abe Lincoln for extending your tax deadline Why April 15 has lost its claim to ‘Tax Day’ Procrastinating on your taxes? Avoid these 6 common mistakes leaving everything to the last minute can lead to errors, both large and small, and some of those errors could cost you serious money Why you should never out your LGBT co-workers, as told by ‘Survivor’ Businesses do better when they’re supportive of LGBT employees. Elsewhere on MarketWatch Historical lessons don’t bode well for tax reform The tax reform being discussed in Congress is wildly different in approach from what was done in 1986 — and that doesn’t bode well for its success, an analyst says. How the Fed will read the soft CPI and retail sales reports Disappointments on both inflation and retail sales for March might give reason for Federal Reserve officials to think twice about their plan to ratchet up rates as many as three more times this year. Rental relief is on the way, starting with the oil patch and the 1% The cost of rent continues to outpace inflation and wage growth, but a boom in apartment construction is finally feeding more supply into the market. Wireless price wars are cutting your phone bills Americans love their cell phones, but they also love unlimited plans that cost less. Prices in the wireless phone market have tumbled more than 11% in the past year as companies view to offer cheaper unlimited plans. Trump is flip-flopping on everything — and it may make him great again President Donald Trump has switched positions on at least half a dozen major economic and foreign policy issues in the last week alone. The net result: Trump is emerging as a president more acceptable to the mainstream, writes Paul Brandus. Jamie Dimon says fixing mortgage industry would boost lending by $300 billion a year J.P. Morgan Chase’s CEO uses his annual letter to argue for streamlined regulations to boost mortgage lending and revive the economy. Hidden in weird CPI report, housing costs are moderating Inflation has moderated somewhat, mostly because housing costs aren’t rising nearly as fast as they were, writes Rex Nutting. Inflation falls for first time in 13 months, CPI shows The cost of goods and services for American consumers fell in March for the first time in more than a year, reflecting a decline in gasoline prices that’s put a halt for now to rising inflation. Retail sales post worst two-month stretch in two year Sales at U.S. retailers fell in March for the second month in a row, marking the worst two-month stretch in two years. Why MarketWatch forecaster of the month is racheting back his U.S. growth forecast An increase in global trade will push the U.S. economy forward this year, but Christophe Barraud, the winner of the Forecaster of the Month contest, no longer sees U.S. growth nearing 3% this year. Haven’t subscribed yet to MarketWatch’s daily personal finance newsletter? Sign up here. More from MarketWatch Housing Prices Soar in Millennial Cities Beware Fake Amazon Deals: Hackers Hit Sellers Barron's Bounce: Linn Energy, Glaukos, Seagate Most Popular Why American men may have less luck finding a job than women U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com 5-Year CDs Jump to 2.3% APY SmartAsset.com 2017's Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards with No Annual Fee SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.37% 30 yr fixed 3.86% 15 yr fixed 3.05% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.87% 15 yr fixed refi 3.07% 5/1 ARM 3.13% 5/1 ARM refi 3.26% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.81% $50K HELOC 4.82% $75K HELOC 4.82% $100K HELOC 4.56% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.69% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.3% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.61% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.3% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.13% 48 Mo Used Car 3.12% 36 Mo Used Car 3.36% 72 Mo New Car 3.09% 60 Mo New Car 3.36% 48 Mo New Car 3.23% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.56% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.62% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.99% 14.98% 14.41% Airline 15.73% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.76% 15.33% Reward 15.80% 15.79% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.23% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. MarketWatch Partner Center Alessandra Malito Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
login register advertise back issues contact us subscribe   artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance news recent Archive 04.13.17 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement 04.13.17 Pierre Huber to Close Art & Public Gallery in Geneva 04.13.17 Hauser & Wirth Names Randy Kennedy as Director of Special Projects 04.13.17 Dispute Threatens Plans to Establish Hilma af Klint Museum 04.13.17 James Baldwin Returns to Harlem 04.13.17 Robert Ryman Gifts Twenty-One Works to Dia Art Foundation 04.12.17 Lower Manhattan Cultural Council Awards 2017 Grants and Residencies 04.12.17 Carriage Trade Gallery Reopens in New York recent Archive week of 02.13.17 week of 02.06.17 week of 01.30.17 week of 01.23.17 week of 01.16.17 week of 01.09.17 week of 01.02.17 week of 12.26.16 week of 12.19.16 week of 12.12.16 week of 12.05.16 week of 11.28.16 week of 11.21.16 week of 11.14.16 week of 11.07.16 week of 10.31.16 week of 10.24.16 week of 10.17.16 week of 10.10.16 week of 10.03.16 Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the opening of Documenta 14 in Athens Andrew Hultkrans on fake news Pia Capelli at the 22nd edition of MiArt Michael Wilson at the 7th annual Brooklyn Artists Ball Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the 6th Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival in Cairo Kate Sutton at the 1st Kathmandu Triennale Diary Picks Film Newest Reviews “Signifying Form” John McAllister Maeve Brennan Stephen Irwin Rene Ricard Trish Tillman Sebastião Salgado Erwin Wurm “Échame Aguas” Vincenzo Agnetti Tommy Hartung Christopher Williams Zhang Enli Roberto Cuoghi Michel Nedjar Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Nick Pinkerton on Anocha Suwichakornpong’s By the Time It Gets Dark Paige K. Bradley on Makoto Shinkai’s Your Name Nick Pinkerton on “Ecstasy and Irony: Czech Cinema, 1927–1943” Nick Pinkerton on All These Sleepless Nights Amy Taubin on Tony Conrad: Completely in the Present Charlie Fox on John Waters’s Multiple Maniacs POSTED April 14, 2017 Pedro Lasch to Join Usdan Summer Camp as First-Ever Artist in Residence Pedro Lasch Usdan Summer Camp for the arts—an arts education initiative founded in 1968 that today serves more than 1,500 students each year—has announced that artist Pedro Lasch has been chosen as its inaugural artist in residence. Located in Wheatley Heights on Long Island, New York, the nonprofit program welcomes students from ages four to eighteen. Beginning this summer, Lasch will launch a three-year art project in collaboration with Usdan’s students, faculty, and staff. “Dreaming in the Woods” will draw from the people, grounds, and resources at Usdan for inspiration in the creation of new works and will give students first-hand experience in making art. “Often, collaborations with children are dismissed as not being ‘professional’ or ‘real art,’” Lasch said. “I’m excited to be doing this work at Usdan—a camp known for putting the student at the center and fostering creativity on all levels—as a way to challenge these typical perspectives and push towards a collaborative and innovative contemporary art engagement.” ► MORE Executive director Lauren Brandt Schloss said, “As discussions about launching the artist-in-residence program at Usdan took hold, Pedro was always top of mind. The goal of these artists in residence initiatives is to bring into all disciplines of contemporary art the ideas, concerns, and voices of youth.” Born and raised in Mexico City, Lasch studied art at Cooper Union before earning his master’s degree from Goldsmiths College in London. From 1999 to 2005, he served as the founding director of the experimental program Art, Story-Telling, and the Five Senses in Jackson Heights, Queens, and joined Duke University as a professor in 2002. Lasch co-authored two books: Black Mirror/Espejo Negro, 2012, and Grand Gestures and (Im)modest Proposals, 2012. His work has been featured in exhibitions at PS1 MoMA, the Queens Museum, The Phillips Collection, the Fifty-Sixth Venice Biennale, the Eleventh Havana Biennale, and Documenta 13. LESS Permalink Comments LATEST NEWS April 14, 2017 Gillian Wearing Becomes First Woman to Create Work for UK’s Parliament Square Gillian Wearing Photo: Linda Nylind for The Guardian The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has announced that Turner-Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing will be the first woman commissioned to make an artwork for the UK’s Parliament Square, Mark Brown of The Guardian reports. The “milestone project” was endorsed by Prime Minister Theresa May earlier this month. Wearing will create a statue of suffragette Millicent Fawcett, who led the biggest suffrage organization, the NUWSS, from 1890 to 1919, and played a key role in gaining women the vote. The work will be installed alongside nine statues of men—Sir Robert Peel, Benjamin Disraeli, the Earl of Derby, Lord Palmerston, Field Marshal Jan Smuts, Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Nelson Mandela, and Mahatma Gandhi. The statue will be installed in 2018 during the upcoming centenary celebrations of women winning the right to vote in the UK. Activist Caroline Criado-Perez launched a campaign to break up the male-dominated square in 2016. She started a petition that was signed by 85,000 people. “Women make up more than half the population—but from looking at our public spaces, you would never know that,” Criado-Perez said. “Just 2.7 percent of British statues are of named women, and even these are mostly royals.” ► MORE In the September 2011 issue of Artforum, Emily Hall reviewed Wearing’s show at Tanya Bonakdar Gallery in New York. She wrote: “Long before Facebook, Gillian Wearing was pulling apart the conflicted, mediated relationship between our real selves and those we present to the world. Whether photographing strangers on the street holding signs that state what they’re thinking, or documenting herself dancing wildly in a public place, or filming adults as they lip-synch to recordings of children speaking, she mixes and matches the elements of identity—those elements that we assume compose our selves, our most private selves—and makes them public in ways that confound personhood rather than cement it.” LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Lorraine Pearce (1934–2017) Lorraine Pearce, White House curator, with a visitor in the China room. Photo: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Lorraine Pearce, a decorative arts scholar who became the first curator for the White House, died in Charlottesville, Virginia, on March 14 at the age of eighty-two, Richard Sandomir of the New York Times reports. Former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy asked Pearce to help her restore the White House’s historic rooms, which were given a modern look during a restoration under president Harry Truman. Pearce created the curator position and then began working to revert the rooms to the style they were decorated in after the 1817 reconstruction. Born in the Bronx on April 14, 1934, Pearce studied at the City College of New York before traveling to Strasbourg, France, on a Fulbright Scholarship. She earned her master’s degree in early American culture from the Winterthur Program at the University of Delaware. Founder of the Winterthur Museum Henry Francis du Pont recommended Pearce to the Kennedys while serving as chairman of the White House Fine Arts Committee. ► MORE During her tenure at the presidential mansion, Pearce cataloged the White House’s historic objects including, furniture, paintings, statues, and antiques, sorted through storage, and conducted extensive research on items that were for sale and donated. Among Pearce’s discoveries were a mirror that belonged to George Washington and a chair that once sat in Abraham Lincoln’s bedroom. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 William Kentridge Establishes Johannesburg Art Center William Kentridge at his independent art center in Johannesburg. Photo: Stella Olivier After the closure of South Africa’s Johannesburg Art Gallery sparked concerns over dwindling funds for public art institutions, South African artist William Kentridge decided to open an independent art center, Cristina Ruiz of the Art Newspaper reports. Located in the Arts on Main complex in Central Johannesburg, which also houses Kentridge’s studio and other cultural organizations, the center opened in March with a series of performances, film screenings, and exhibitions. “Ideally, we would have double the space and double the money, but I think the small scale is also good,” Kentridge said. “As soon as it gets larger it gets lost in questions of committees and trustees, and suddenly everyone is having to write big proposals to justify their work before it is made rather than allowing the work to come from the very uncertainty around it.” Kentridge is critical of NGOs, non-governmental organizations, which support art projects because in order to receive funding artists must adhere to their funding guidelines, which can restrict their vision for a work. He believes artists should be able to experiment and make work that isn’t successful without fearing repercussions, which is why the artist calls the venue a center for the “less good idea.” He wants it to be a “safe space for uncertainty, doubt, stupidity and, at times, failure.” ► MORE The center will organize two seasons of programming each year. Kentridge has committed to funding the space for the next three years, but did not confirm how much he invested in the project. According to reports in South African media outlets, the center has an annual budget of $229,000. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Phillips Appoints Lilly Chan Managing Director of Asia Lilly Chan Phillips has named Lilly Chan, Christie’s global managing director for Asian art, as its new managing director of Asia. Chan will take up the post in May and will be based in the company’s Hong Kong office. Chan will be responsible for implementing and managing all strategic, procedural, and operational aspects of the company in Asia with a focus on realizing Phillips’s vision for building the brand. Prior to joining Christie’s, Chan worked at JP Morgan Treasury Services, where she was the head of new product marketing for the Asia-Pacific market. “The importance of Asia to our overall international growth strategy cannot be overstated,” said Phillips CEO Edward Dolman. “The collecting of contemporary art, design objects, photographs, and jewelry in Asia has been growing at an exponential rate and we are seeing more Asian collectors at our New York and London auctions. A foremost priority for us has been to strengthen our presence in Asia and build relationships with collectors across the region—and a critical component in this ambitious plan is the appointment of an experienced managing director such as Lilly. I look forward to working with her and our entire Asian team to build our reputation as the most innovative auction house in the region.” ► MORE Along with growing the Hong Kong office, Phillips has made a series of recent appointments to boost its presence in Asia. In the past year, the company named Jane Yoon as the regional representative in Korea, Cindy Yen in Taiwan, and Kyoko Hattori in Japan. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture Steve Tobin, Trinity Root, 2005. Pennsylvania-based sculptor Steve Tobin is suing Lower Manhattan’s Trinity Church for relocating an eighteen-foot-tall bronze memorial dedicated to the victims of the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Modeled after a massive Sycamore tree that grew in the churchyard until it was destroyed by debris from the Twin Towers, Trinity Root cost the artist more than $300,000 to make. Last year, Tobin was shocked when he found out that the church had moved the sculpture to a site in Connecticut without telling him. He also claims that the work was damaged during transport. Tobin’s lawyer Steven S. Honigman filed a lawsuit in a Manhattan Federal District Court on Wednesday after attempts to work out the issue with the church were unsuccessful. “This is about the solemn promise the church gave to Steve Tobin when he offered to create that sculpture,” Honigman said. “He offered to create it if the church would give it a permanent place in the courtyard. The church agreed.” ► MORE According to the complaint, Reverend William Lupfer, the eighteenth rector of Trinity, wanted to send the work away so that “hordes of strangers” would stop crowding the church’s courtyard. Even though Tobin no longer owns the piece, Honigman said the church is in violation of a law that “prohibits the removal of [permanent, site-specific] sculptures.” In response, the church said: “While we have no comment on this litigation, Trinity is pleased to have the sculpture at Trinity’s retreat center, where it will be among a collection of planned sites that will encourage prayerful reflection, remembrance, and spiritual transformation.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Knight Foundation Awards $250,000 to New Museum’s NEW INC New Museum The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation has announced that it will be investing $250,000 into the New Museum’s experimental initiative NEW INC. Now in its third year, the shared workspace and professional development program is expanding its scope and will investigate the impact technology has on the future of art museums. “Museum professionals need new skills and resources to meet changing demands and grab audience attention in an increasingly digital world,” said Victoria Rogers, the Knight Foundation’s vice president for arts. “NEW INC will help advance this goal, providing them the skills necessary to embrace technology, innovate, and create lasting impact for their institutions and their communities.” Based at the New Museum on the Lower East Side, NEW INC brings together more than one hundred cultural practitioners and creative entrepreneurs, including Rhizome and Columbia University’s GSAPP Incubator, for a twelve-month basis. With the additional funding, the New Museum will invite organizations focused on the experimentation, development, and adoption of new technologies that attract audiences to museums and engage visitors within the museum space. Five teams—up to ten people total—will receive fully subsidized memberships at NEW INC and will be eligible for up to $10,000 in seed funding. ► MORE “Museums have been experimenting with innovative technological applications for public engagement, presentation, preservation and more, but we believe the market is still underdeveloped and underserved, particularly as it pertains to small and mid-sized institutions,” said Julia Kaganskiy, director of NEW INC. “These NEW INC members will explore new exhibition design ideas, audience engagement tools, cost-effective products and more efficient services to meet this need.” Cofounded by Lisa Phillips and Karen Wong in 2014, NEW INC is the first museum-led incubator for art, design, and technology. Directed by Julia Kaganskiy, the initiative has helped launch more than one hundred startups ventures in the creative industries. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor of Wall Street’s Charging Bull Calls for Removal of Fearless Girl New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio with Fearless Girl. Photo: James Keivom for New York Daily News Arturo Di Modica, the sculptor of the iconic Charging Bull statue on Wall Street, is petitioning the two companies that commissioned the popular Fearless Girl statue, which was installed in front of his three-and-a-half-ton bronze bovine on March 7 for International Women’s Day, to remove the work, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Claiming that it violates the Visual Artists Rights Act by illegally commercializing his statue, Di Modica sent a letter to Boston-based State Street Global Advisors, the advertising agency McCann New York, and New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio explaining that Charging Bull became wrapped up in an advertising campaign that he did not consent to. The letter states: “We request that the Fearless Girl statue be removed and placed somewhere else and that damages be awarded to Mr. Di Modica for the violation of his legal, statutory rights.” During a press conference the artist held in Midtown Manhattan on Wednesday, he said that Fearless Girl was an insult to his work, which was meant to be a symbol of “freedom in the world, peace, strength, power, and love” when it was installed after the stock market crashed in the 1980s. ► MORE Anne McNally, a spokeswoman for State Street Global, said, “We continue to be grateful to the City of New York and people around the world who have responded so enthusiastically to what the Fearless Girl represents—the power and potential of having more women in leadership.” While the Fearless Girl statue was only supposed to be installed for one month, de Blasio extended the permit for the work through February 2018. On Wednesday he tweeted: “Men who don’t like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl.” LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement Carolee Schneemann in Salzburg, 2015. Photo: Andy Archer Carolee Schneemann will be awarded the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement at the Fifty-Seventh Venice Biennale, “VIVA ARTE VIVA,” opening on May 13. The decision was made by the Biennale’s board of directors, chaired by Paolo Baratta, upon recommendation of Christine Macel, the curator of this year’s exhibition. “Schneemann has been one of the most important figures in the development of performance and body art,” Macel said in a statement. “She uses her own body as the prevalent material of her art. In so doing, she situates women as both the creator and an active part of the creation itself. In opposition to traditional representation of women merely as nude object, she uses the naked body as a primal, archaic force [that can] unify energies. Her style is direct, sexual, liberating and autobiographical. She champions the importance of women’s sensual pleasure and she examines the possibilities of political and personal emancipation from predominant social and aesthetic conventions. Through the exploration of a large range of media, such as painting, filmmaking, video art, and performance, Schneemann re-writes her personal history of art, refusing the idea of an ‘his-tory’ narrated exclusively from the male point of view.” Born in Fox Chase, Pennsylvania, in 1939, Schneemann’s artistic career spans more than six decades. She has been a recipient of a number of awards including a 1999 Art Pace International artist residency in San Antonio, Texas; the Pollock-Krasner Foundation grant (1997, 1998); a 1993 Guggenheim fellowship; a Gottlieb Foundation grant; and a National Endowment for the Arts fellowship. She has also taught at many institutions including New York University, California Institute of the Arts, Bard College, and the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. ► MORE Schneemann has authored a number of books, including Cezanne, She Was A Great Painter (1976); Early and Recent Work (1983); and More Than Meat Joy: Performance Works and Selected Writings (1979, 1997). Her works are found in the permanent collections of the Museum der Moderne in Salzburg; the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía in Madrid; New York’s MoMA; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; London’s Tate Modern; and the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, among others. In the February 2017 issue of Artforum, Lauren O’Neill-Butler reviews Schneemann’s two-part exhibition at P.P.O.W and Gallerie Lelong. She wrote: “What does an enduring commitment to feminist antiwar resistance look like? For more than five decades, Carolee Schneemann has underwritten her art with a desire to understand and observe. From Viet-Flakes, 1965, and Snows, 1967, which protested the Vietnam War, to the ‘Lebanon Series,’ 1983–91, on the destruction of Beirut, and Terminal Velocity, 2001–2005, wherein she took on 9/11, she has long borne witness to cruelty and empathy, though discussions of her oeuvre sideline this theme in favor of other, related issues of gender and sexuality.” Schneemann will receive the award during the awards ceremony and inauguration of the exhibition on Saturday, May 13 at Ca’ Giustinian, the Biennale’s headquarters. LESS Permalink Comments diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 All rights reserved. artforum.com is a registered trademark of Artforum International Magazine, New York, NY
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Stake Increased by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Maintains Stake in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Stake Decreased by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Capital City Trust Co. FL Sells 20 Shares of Fastenal Company (FAST) Agenus Inc (AGEN) CEO Garo H. Armen Buys 100,000 Shares of Stock Murphy USA Inc (MUSA) Shares Sold by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Legg Mason Inc’s FY2019 Earnings (LM) Univar (UNVR) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Ambac Financial Group, Inc. (AMBC) Given $19.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Jefferies Group Brokers Boost Earnings Estimates for Pioneer Energy Services Corp (PES) Community Bank of Raymore Continues to Hold Position in Ryder System, Inc. (R) Community Bank of Raymore Has $743,000 Stake in Calpine Co. (CPN) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Position Maintained by Integrated Wealth Management Greenbrier Companies Inc (GBX) SVP Martin Raymond Baker Sells 9,826 Shares Everbridge Inc (EVBG) SVP Imad Mouline Sells 35,000 Shares of Stock Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) CEO Kevin Charles Gorman Sells 19,596 Shares Monogram Residential Trust (MORE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Neos Therapeutics (NEOS) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.03 Neonode (NEON) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Zacks: Brokerages Expect Regional Management Corp (RM) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $63.01 Million First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Maintains Stake in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown maintained its position in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (NYSE:PEG) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 9,536 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown’s holdings in Public Service Enterprise Group were worth $423,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Public Service Enterprise Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $230,771,000. Nordea Investment Management AB boosted its position in Public Service Enterprise Group by 67.0% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 9,042,998 shares of the company’s stock worth $378,630,000 after buying an additional 3,629,004 shares during the period. Energy Income Partners LLC purchased a new position in Public Service Enterprise Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $85,250,000. FMR LLC boosted its position in Public Service Enterprise Group by 350.6% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,126,451 shares of the company’s stock worth $93,309,000 after buying an additional 1,654,540 shares during the period. Finally, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new position in Public Service Enterprise Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $54,925,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 63.26% of the company’s stock. Shares of Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (NYSE:PEG) traded up 0.09% during trading on Friday, hitting $45.65. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,868,765 shares. The company has a market cap of $23.11 billion, a PE ratio of 26.09 and a beta of 0.33. Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. has a 52 week low of $39.28 and a 52 week high of $47.28. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $44.81 and its 200-day moving average price is $43.03. Public Service Enterprise Group (NYSE:PEG) last posted its earnings results on Friday, February 24th. The company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.53 by $0.01. Public Service Enterprise Group had a net margin of 13.99% and a return on equity of 10.91%. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.50 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. will post $2.90 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Friday, March 10th were issued a dividend of $0.43 per share. This is a positive change from Public Service Enterprise Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.41. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $1.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.77%. Public Service Enterprise Group’s payout ratio is presently 64.57%. WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/first-national-bank-trust-co-of-newtown-maintains-stake-in-public-service-enterprise-group-inc-peg.html. PEG has been the topic of a number of research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Public Service Enterprise Group from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $43.00 to $47.00 in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Deutsche Bank AG raised Public Service Enterprise Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $48.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Zacks Investment Research raised Public Service Enterprise Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $48.00 price objective on shares of Public Service Enterprise Group in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Barclays PLC upped their price objective on Public Service Enterprise Group from $46.00 to $48.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Public Service Enterprise Group presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $46.75. In other Public Service Enterprise Group news, Chairman Ralph Izzo sold 24,108 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.79, for a total value of $1,055,689.32. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 730,595 shares in the company, valued at approximately $31,992,755.05. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, COO William Levis sold 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.40, for a total transaction of $1,332,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 133,904 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,945,337.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 84,108 shares of company stock worth $3,711,889 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.71% of the company’s stock. Public Service Enterprise Group Company Profile Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated (PSEG) is a holding company. The Company is an energy company with operations located primarily in the Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic United States. The Company’s segments include Public Service Electric and Gas Company (PSE&G), PSEG Power LLC (Power) and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PEG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (NYSE:PEG). Receive News & Ratings for Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) Stake Maintained by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Bunge Ltd (BG) Stake Decreased by American National Bank American National Bank Has $2.937 Million Stake in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Calavo Growers, Inc. (CVGW) Chairman Lecil E. Cole Acquires 42,942 Shares of Stock Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Insider Steven J. Insoft Sells 87,500 Shares of Stock Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Insider James A. Pattison Buys 100,000 Shares Seadrill Partners (SDLP) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Summit Midstream Partners (SMLP) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.28 Autohome (ATHM) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Sells 2,698 Shares of IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Has $2,287,000 Stake in C R Bard Inc (BCR) COMSCORE (SCOR) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Has $1.312 Million Stake in Trimble Inc (TRMB) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Sells 1,500 Shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Brokers Offer Predictions for Pier 1 Imports Inc’s Q3 2018 Earnings (PIR) $75.54 Million in Sales Expected for Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) This Quarter Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Pier 1 Imports Inc’s Q3 2018 Earnings (PIR) $35.05 Million in Sales Expected for Vocera Communications Inc (VCRA) This Quarter Yelp Inc (YELP) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $198.13 Million MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $182.98 Million Bunge Ltd (BG) Stake Decreased by American National Bank April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet American National Bank decreased its stake in Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 0.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 50,791 shares of the company’s stock after selling 66 shares during the period. American National Bank’s holdings in Bunge were worth $4,026,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Bunge during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $126,122,000. LSV Asset Management boosted its position in Bunge by 58.1% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 4,517,677 shares of the company’s stock valued at $267,581,000 after buying an additional 1,660,645 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in Bunge by 9.1% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 10,353,997 shares of the company’s stock valued at $613,267,000 after buying an additional 865,585 shares during the last quarter. Marathon Asset Management LLP acquired a new position in Bunge during the third quarter valued at approximately $35,037,000. Finally, Credit Agricole S A boosted its position in Bunge by 39.9% in the fourth quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 1,752,228 shares of the company’s stock valued at $126,581,000 after buying an additional 499,904 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.49% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded down 0.88% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $76.51. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 691,130 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $79.88 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.75. The company has a market cap of $10.67 billion, a PE ratio of 15.26 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge Ltd has a 12 month low of $56.57 and a 12 month high of $82.66. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $1.70 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.56 by $0.14. Bunge had a return on equity of 10.38% and a net margin of 1.58%. The company had revenue of $12.06 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.43 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.49 EPS. Bunge’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Bunge Ltd will post $6.07 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be issued a $0.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.20%. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio is currently 37.75%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Bunge Ltd (BG) Stake Decreased by American National Bank” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/bunge-ltd-bg-stake-decreased-by-american-national-bank.html. BG has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $85.00 target price on Bunge and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $77.25. In related news, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total value of $1,002,685.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,531,891.40. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total value of $47,410.35. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares in the company, valued at $440,284.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.27% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Bunge Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banced Corp Has $664,000 Position in Morgan Stanley (MS) Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Deere & Company (DE) Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. Has $1.023 Million Position in Allergan plc (AGN) Exelon Co. (EXC) Stake Decreased by Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Position Maintained by Walnut Private Equity Partners LLC Honkamp Krueger Financial Services Inc. Has $249,000 Position in Monsanto Company (MON) D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Given Outperform Rating at Wedbush HubSpot Inc (HUBS) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Guggenheim Enviva Partners LP (EVA) Receives “Buy” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada The Western Union Company (WU) Given Hold Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI) Given a $60.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Now Covered by Analysts at Vertical Research Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Stock Price Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc (RBA) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at CIBC SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) Receives Buy Rating from Janney Montgomery Scott Galena Biopharma (GALE) Receiving Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Study Finds Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Shares Sold by Bremer Trust National Association Dollarama Inc (DOL) to Issue Dividend Increase – C$0.11 Per Share Jefferies Group Comments on Bristol-Myers Squibb Co’s FY2017 Earnings (BMY) Bremer Trust National Association Takes Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Banced Corp Has $664,000 Position in Morgan Stanley (MS) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Banced Corp cut its stake in shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) by 1.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 15,514 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 194 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley comprises 1.2% of Banced Corp’s holdings, making the stock its 22nd largest position. Banced Corp’s holdings in Morgan Stanley were worth $664,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in MS. Bridgewater Associates LP acquired a new position in Morgan Stanley during the third quarter valued at approximately $2,741,000. Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH raised its position in Morgan Stanley by 240.3% in the third quarter. Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH now owns 504,798 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $15,681,000 after buying an additional 356,439 shares during the period. Kiltearn Partners LLP raised its position in Morgan Stanley by 2.4% in the fourth quarter. Kiltearn Partners LLP now owns 5,317,197 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $224,652,000 after buying an additional 126,600 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $68,911,000. Finally, Markston International LLC raised its position in Morgan Stanley by 4.5% in the third quarter. Markston International LLC now owns 181,024 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,804,000 after buying an additional 7,811 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 85.87% of the company’s stock. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) traded down 0.93% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $40.69. 10,516,537 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $75.93 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.93 and a beta of 1.80. Morgan Stanley has a 52 week low of $23.11 and a 52 week high of $47.33. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $44.15 and its 200 day moving average is $40.77. Morgan Stanley also was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Thursday. Stock investors purchased 1,925 call options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 165% compared to the average volume of 727 call options. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, January 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.81 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.65 by $0.16. The business had revenue of $9 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.51 billion. Morgan Stanley had a net margin of 15.76% and a return on equity of 8.48%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.43 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Morgan Stanley will post $3.35 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Banced Corp Has $664,000 Position in Morgan Stanley (MS)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/banced-corp-has-664000-position-in-morgan-stanley-ms.html. Several equities analysts recently commented on the company. Vetr raised Morgan Stanley from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $41.36 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Deutsche Bank AG raised Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $42.49 to $47.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Compass Point lowered Morgan Stanley from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $34.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, March 27th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Thursday, February 16th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and eighteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Morgan Stanley presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $39.79. In related news, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 284,827 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.30, for a total transaction of $12,048,182.10. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now owns 1,346,700 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $56,965,410. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, President Thomas Colm Kelleher sold 182,027 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.82, for a total transaction of $7,976,423.14. Following the sale, the president now directly owns 836,809 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $36,668,970.38. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 506,897 shares of company stock worth $21,781,793. Company insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. About Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS). Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Emerge Energy Services LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $59.61 Million $26.9 Million in Sales Expected for Armada Hoffler Properties Inc (AHH) This Quarter Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $423.05 Million Renasant Corp. (RNST) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Select Income REIT (SIR) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Saia Inc (SAIA) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research SPX Co. (SPXC) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc (ZLTQ) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research David G. Smith Sells 2,804 Shares of Crew Energy Inc (CR) Stock Insider Buying: Telos Corp (TLSRP) Major Shareholder Buys $17,250.00 in Stock Capstone Asset Management Co. Lowers Stake in Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Clorox Co (CLX) Stake Reduced by Farmers Trust Co. Farmers Trust Co. Boosts Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $11.176 Million Position in Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $4.952 Million Position in American Tower Corp (AMT) First National Bank of Omaha Continues to Hold Position in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) First National Bank of Omaha Has $3,397,000 Position in Pra Group Inc (PRAA) First National Bank of Omaha Sells 10,868 Shares of Cerner Co. (CERN) John Hancock Preferred Income Fund (HPI) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.44 Lion Biotechnologies (LBIO) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.12 Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $59.61 Million April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect that Emerge Energy Services LP (NYSE:EMES) will report sales of $59.61 million for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Five analysts have issued estimates for Emerge Energy Services’ earnings, with estimates ranging from $48.3 million to $71.7 million. Emerge Energy Services posted sales of $29.67 million in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year-over-year growth rate of 100.9%. The firm is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report before the market opens on Wednesday, May 3rd. On average, analysts expect that Emerge Energy Services will report full-year sales of $59.61 million for the current year, with estimates ranging from $257.5 million to $380.2 million. For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the company will post sales of $475.53 million per share, with estimates ranging from $432.97 million to $517.2 million. Zacks Investment Research’s sales calculations are a mean average based on a survey of research firms that that provide coverage for Emerge Energy Services. Emerge Energy Services (NYSE:EMES) last posted its earnings results on Monday, February 27th. The company reported ($0.77) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.71) by $0.06. Emerge Energy Services had a negative net margin of 28.61% and a negative return on equity of 255.24%. The firm earned $42.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $40.29 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted ($0.41) earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. A number of brokerages have recently commented on EMES. Stifel Nicolaus cut their price objective on shares of Emerge Energy Services from $17.00 to $14.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Emerge Energy Services from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Wunderlich boosted their target price on shares of Emerge Energy Services from $20.00 to $30.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Emerge Energy Services from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, January 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $17.33. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/emerge-energy-services-lp-emes-expected-to-post-quarterly-sales-of-59-61-million.html. Emerge Energy Services (NYSE:EMES) traded down 4.95% on Friday, reaching $13.63. 669,181 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s market capitalization is $409.87 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $14.47 and a 200 day moving average of $14.08. Emerge Energy Services has a 12-month low of $3.00 and a 12-month high of $24.45. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. GLG Partners LP acquired a new stake in shares of Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter worth about $286,000. RR Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter worth $693,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter worth $764,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Emerge Energy Services by 33.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 449,069 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,856,000 after buying an additional 111,345 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Castleark Management LLC increased its stake in Emerge Energy Services by 73.3% in the fourth quarter. Castleark Management LLC now owns 313,480 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,859,000 after buying an additional 132,550 shares during the last quarter. 25.04% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Emerge Energy Services Emerge Energy Services LP owns, operates, acquires and develops a portfolio of energy service assets. The Company’s segments include Sand segment, Fuel segment and Corporate. The Company’s Sand segment consists of the production and sale of various grades of industrial sand primarily used in the extraction of oil and natural gas, as well as the production of building products and foundry materials. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Emerge Energy Services (EMES) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Today: April 15, 2017, 9:06 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Finance Market Report, "HNW Asset Allocation Trends 2017", published New Financial Services market report from GlobalData: "HNW Asset Allocation Trends 2017" PR-Inside.com: 2017-04-14 15:42:01 HNW investment preferences are the result of an interplay between a multitude of factors, such as macroeconomic and political conditions, risk-preferences, demographic factors, and investor attitudes. Over the next 12 months we expect further portfolio reallocation to benefit risk assets, as HNW investors globally are looking for cheap buying opportunities amid turbulent market conditions. However, there continue to be significant regional differences. The typical HNW portfolio in Asia Pacific and the Middle East is significantly more conservative than elsewhere globally, with above-average allocations to property and cash and near-cash products. However, falling or stagnating property prices in some countries in these regions are set to cub investor demand over the next 12 months. In the West, investors are more willing to embrace risk and HNW clients favor equities, hoping that index movements will continue to provide opportunities. We also forecast increasing demand for alternatives, as HNW investors are looking for new means of diversification; however, a certain amount of hand holding will be required to capitalize on rising demand for the asset class. Full Report Details at - www.fastmr.com/prod/1274782_hnw_asset_allocation_trends.aspx?afi .. This report draws on our 2016 Global Wealth Managers Survey to analyze HNW asset allocation strategies in 17 key markets. In particular, it examines the drivers behind investment choices now and over the next 12 months. Specifically the report - * Analyzes HNW asset allocation strategies in 17 key HNW markets, including Australia, the UK, and the US. * Examines the drivers that determine HNW investment preferences. * Interprets macroeconomic, demographic, and attitudinal trends, such as risk preferences that are shaping HNW investment behavior. The report is accompanied by an online interactive dashboard to enable users to select and view the data of their choosing. Report Scope * The most striking trend in 2016 was the surge of risk assets, as investors are more willing to take on risk in the current low-yield environment. * HNW equity holdings will experience the biggest increase in demand as HNW investors continue to look for capital appreciation opportunities, hoping to take advantage of cheap buying opportunities. * The typical HNW real estate portfolio is increasingly skewed towards non-direct property investments; offering real estate investment trusts (REITs) is a must in the HNW space. * We forecast increased demand for commodities, which are regarded as a wider markets hedge. This will drive demand for gold in particular. However, betting on a sustained commodity price rebound will lead to further diversification. * Alternatives are becoming an increasingly attractive diversifier, as investors are losing faith in bonds and are looking for returns elsewhere. Asset diversification is the single most important driver for alternatives. Reasons to Get this Report * Understand how to best promote investment products by learning what is driving investment choices. * Understand investment trends, and adjust your service proposition based on a detailed understanding of HNW investors' investment preferences. * Give your marketing strategies the edge required and capture new clients using insights from our data on HNW investment drivers. * Learn how and why investment preferences will change over the next 12 months. Companies Mentioned in this Report: ANZ, Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan, and UBS, Eiffel Management, Dubai Islamic Bank, Mashreq Bank, Scotiabank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia About GlobalData GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team. View more research from GlobalData at www.fastmr.com/catalog/publishers.aspx?pubid=1015&afid=701 About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world's top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156 (1.413.485.7001 Int'l) Press Information Published by Bill Thompson 18008448156 e-mail www.fastmr.com # 718 Words Related Articles More From The Author Market Report, "Australia Tourism Report Q2 2017", [..] The outlook for the tourism industry in Australia remains largely positive. While visitor numbers are not rising as strongly as [..] New Market Research Report: Pakistan Insurance Report [..] BMI maintains the view that the Pakistani insurance market is at a nascent stage of development and remains poised for [..] "Argentina Agribusiness Report Q2 2017" is [..] Grains production growth will outperform soybean over the next five years in Argentina due to the major policy shift from [..] New market study, "Wealth in Singapore: Sizing [..] Wealth in Singapore: Sizing the Market Opportunity 2017" analyzes the Singaporean wealth and retail savings and investments markets, [..] Just Published: "Israel Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare Report [..] Israel will continue to be targeted by multinational drugmakers�as a destination for�innovative drug�sales; however, their [..]   More From Finance PyroGenesis Canada - Recieves All Components to [..] PyroGenesis Canada Inc. (TSX VENTURE:PYR) (OTCQB:PYRNF), a high tech company (the "Company" or "PyroGenesis") that [..] NEXUS GOLD NEWS - DRILLS 26.69 g/t [..] Vancouver, Canada – March 7, 2017 - Nexus Gold Corp. (“Nexus” or the “Company”) (TSX-V: NXS, OTC: NXXGF, FSE: N6E) [..] PyroGenesis Canada Receives Third Payment From HPQ [..] As previously announced on Aug. 2, 2016, the contract is for the design, fabrication, assembly, commissioning and testing of [..] Nexus Gold Reports Visible Gold in Drill [..] A total of 14 holes were drilled totaling 1470.5 metres. Of the 14 holes drilled, 13 successfully intersected the targeted [..] HARRY M. MARKOWITZ AWARD WINNERS NAMED For 2016, top recognition was awarded to Robert S. Harris, Tim Jenkinson, and Steven N. Kaplan for “How Do Private [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Who is on DoD's chopping block?•Post-hiring freeze plan?•VA responds to watchdog report Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » US businesses increase inventories… US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent By MARTIN CRUTSINGER and The Associated Press April 14, 2017 10:22 am < a min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses increased their stockpiles in February by a modest amount while their sales slowed a bit. Business inventories rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.3 percent in February after an identical increase in January, the Commerce Department said Friday. And sales rose 0.2 percent in February after a slightly faster 0.3 percent increase in January. An effort by businesses to rebuild their stockpiles had added a full percentage point to economic growth in the October-December quarter, a period when the economy grew by a tepid 2.1 percent, as measured by the gross domestic product. But many analysts say they believe growth slowed in the January-March quarter, in part because they think inventories subtracted from overall economic activity. Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting annual GDP growth of just 1 percent in the first quarter. White House ends hiring freeze, mandates workforce, mission restructuring Advertisement Businesses spent much of last year working to reduce an overhang of unsold goods, a process that imposed a drag on growth. But economists say that process is nearing an end and the absence of a drag from inventory reductions should mean stronger growth later in 2017. For February, stockpiles held by manufacturers rose 0.2 percent. They increased 0.4 percent at the wholesale level and 0.3 percent at retailers. Topics: All News Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » US businesses increase inventories… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1865: Lincoln shot at Ford’s Theater Fed Photo of the Day CBP finds fake IED in luggage Top Stories New OMB performance mgmt. guidance comes down too harshly on poor performers, experts say Top Story It’s uncertain who will be on the DoD chopping block with new government reforms Defense News Vice Chairman of Joint Chiefs Selva tells Congress off over CR issues Defense News ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says Workforce VA promises rapid solutions to problems exposed by ‘extremely disturbing’ IG report Agency Oversight THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 13, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.7042 -0.0178 1.73% L 2020 25.0919 -0.0534 2.91% L 2030 27.7499 -0.0978 4.13% L 2040 29.7740 -0.1252 4.73% L 2050 17.0171 -0.0829 5.28% G Fund 15.2891 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7770 0.0560 0.93% C Fund 32.3062 -0.2211 6.07% S Fund 41.9509 -0.3748 4.57% I Fund 26.2532 -0.0802 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email alerts Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 43° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Clouds early, some clearing late. Tonight Cloudy skies early, followed by partial clearing. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 32F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 14, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close John Roark In this Friday, March 17, 2017, photo, Patricia Crawford shops for Atlanta Falcons and University of Georgia clothing at a J.C. Penney store in the Georgia Square Mall in Athens, Ga. On Friday, April 14, 2017, the Commerce Department reports on business stockpiles in February. (John Roark/Athens Banner-Herald via AP) AP US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent By MARTIN CRUTSINGER AP Economics Writer Apr 14, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago John Roark In this Friday, March 17, 2017, photo, Patricia Crawford shops for Atlanta Falcons and University of Georgia clothing at a J.C. Penney store in the Georgia Square Mall in Athens, Ga. On Friday, April 14, 2017, the Commerce Department reports on business stockpiles in February. (John Roark/Athens Banner-Herald via AP) WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses increased their stockpiles in February by a modest amount while their sales slowed a bit. Business inventories rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.3 percent in February after an identical increase in January, the Commerce Department said Friday. And sales rose 0.2 percent in February after a slightly faster 0.3 percent increase in January. An effort by businesses to rebuild their stockpiles had added a full percentage point to economic growth in the October-December quarter, a period when the economy grew by a tepid 2.1 percent, as measured by the gross domestic product. But many analysts say they believe growth slowed in the January-March quarter, in part because they think inventories subtracted from overall economic activity. Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting annual GDP growth of just 1 percent in the first quarter. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! Missoulian.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Businesses spent much of last year working to reduce an overhang of unsold goods, a process that imposed a drag on growth. But economists say that process is nearing an end and the absence of a drag from inventory reductions should mean stronger growth later in 2017. For February, stockpiles held by manufacturers rose 0.2 percent. They increased 0.4 percent at the wholesale level and 0.3 percent at retailers. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Politics Business General News Economy News Most Popular Turmoil at St. Pat's leads to more resignations Lee Enterprises purchases Missoula Independent Air Force struggles to remove Humvee left on muddy remote road in Montana Missoula family shocked by decision for second parole hearing for daughter’s killer Time to vote for Prep Athletes of the Week Tell us what you think Tony Romo is retiring from football and becoming an announcer. Do you think he'll be better than Phil Simms, who he replaces? You voted: Yes No Not sure Vote View Results Back Gary Cohn's White House influence on the rise Trump admin. declines to brand China a currency manipulator Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows Trump golfs as N. Korea tensions rise Poll: Trump's Favorability Compared to Incoming Presidents Cutting Trump slack: Voters forgive reversals _ to a point +5 Officials: No need for Trump's approval to use massive bomb Wealthy candidate for NJ gov lists income from 100s of firms White House decides to keep visitor records secret promotion Activate your digital subscription promotion 2017 Montana Legislature Get the latest news from the 2017 session of the Montana Legislature © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 64° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 64° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us In this Friday, March 17, 2017, photo, Patricia Crawford shops for Atlanta Falcons and University of Georgia clothing at a J.C. Penney store in the Georgia Square Mall in Athens, Ga. On Friday, April 14, 2017, the Commerce Department reports on business stockpiles in February. Athens Banner-Herald via AP John Roark National Business April 14, 2017 10:25 AM US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent By MARTIN CRUTSINGER AP Economics Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON U.S. businesses increased their stockpiles in February by a modest amount while their sales slowed a bit. Business inventories rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.3 percent in February after an identical increase in January, the Commerce Department said Friday. And sales rose 0.2 percent in February after a slightly faster 0.3 percent increase in January. An effort by businesses to rebuild their stockpiles had added a full percentage point to economic growth in the October-December quarter, a period when the economy grew by a tepid 2.1 percent, as measured by the gross domestic product. But many analysts say they believe growth slowed in the January-March quarter, in part because they think inventories subtracted from overall economic activity. Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting annual GDP growth of just 1 percent in the first quarter. Businesses spent much of last year working to reduce an overhang of unsold goods, a process that imposed a drag on growth. But economists say that process is nearing an end and the absence of a drag from inventory reductions should mean stronger growth later in 2017. For February, stockpiles held by manufacturers rose 0.2 percent. They increased 0.4 percent at the wholesale level and 0.3 percent at retailers. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:18 6 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.15 1:32 a day ago World-renowned Illusionist Rick Thomas set to bring magic and fun to the Alabama Theatre View More Video National Business Arkansas' multiple execution plan appearing to unravel Trump's flip-flops concern some supporters, but not others 3 Arkansas execution drugs key in pharmaceutical industry Arkansas' multiple execution plan in limbo after rulings Train stuck in tunnel 3 hours, then stun gun sparks stampede National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 70° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunshine. High 82F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies early. Scattered thunderstorms developing later at night. Low 64F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: April 14, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell National politics Close John Roark In this Friday, March 17, 2017, photo, Patricia Crawford shops for Atlanta Falcons and University of Georgia clothing at a J.C. Penney store in the Georgia Square Mall in Athens, Ga. On Friday, April 14, 2017, the Commerce Department reports on business stockpiles in February. (John Roark/Athens Banner-Herald via AP) AP US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent By MARTIN CRUTSINGER AP Economics Writer 14 hrs ago (…) John Roark In this Friday, March 17, 2017, photo, Patricia Crawford shops for Atlanta Falcons and University of Georgia clothing at a J.C. Penney store in the Georgia Square Mall in Athens, Ga. On Friday, April 14, 2017, the Commerce Department reports on business stockpiles in February. (John Roark/Athens Banner-Herald via AP) WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. businesses increased their stockpiles in February by a modest amount while their sales slowed a bit. Business inventories rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.3 percent in February after an identical increase in January, the Commerce Department said Friday. And sales rose 0.2 percent in February after a slightly faster 0.3 percent increase in January. An effort by businesses to rebuild their stockpiles had added a full percentage point to economic growth in the October-December quarter, a period when the economy grew by a tepid 2.1 percent, as measured by the gross domestic product. But many analysts say they believe growth slowed in the January-March quarter, in part because they think inventories subtracted from overall economic activity. Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting annual GDP growth of just 1 percent in the first quarter. Businesses spent much of last year working to reduce an overhang of unsold goods, a process that imposed a drag on growth. But economists say that process is nearing an end and the absence of a drag from inventory reductions should mean stronger growth later in 2017. For February, stockpiles held by manufacturers rose 0.2 percent. They increased 0.4 percent at the wholesale level and 0.3 percent at retailers. Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wire Business General News Economy Locations United States North America View (…) comments Political fix St. Louis Community College weighs buyout offers to more than 500 employees Richard E. Hrabko, former director of Lambert and Spirit airports, dead at 78 Messenger: State workers failed to disclose their connection to company they regulated Republican discrimination bill could violate Fair Housing Act Missouri looks to sell old school site in St. Louis near the Hill Quick links Campaign finance Missouri voters guide Enter each week to win curb-appealing prizes! Tickets on sale now for the 2017 Women of Achievement Luncheon. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metlife Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Shares Sold by Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Gradient Investments LLC Reduces Position in Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Now Covered by Analysts at CIBC Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Takes Position in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” BP plc (BP) Receives “Buy” Rating from Morgan Stanley Oncolytics Biotech Inc. (ONC) Price Target Raised to C$1.50 at Royal Bank of Canada Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 60 Shares of Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Metlife Inc (MET) Shares Sold by Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC Capita Plc (CTAGY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Target Co. (TGT) Shares Bought by Gradient Investments LLC Bulldog Investors, Llc Purchases 7,432 Shares of Korea Equity Fund Inc. (KEF) Stock Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) CMO Sells $60,548.58 in Stock Flaherty&Crumrine Prfrd Scts Incm Fd Inc (FFC) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 19th Whitestone REIT (WSR) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows MarineMax (HZO) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Silicom (SILC) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Effect UBS AG (UBS) Stock Price Metlife Inc (MET) Shares Sold by Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC decreased its stake in Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) by 37.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 5,634 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,384 shares during the period. Capital Asset Advisory Services LLC’s holdings in Metlife were worth $298,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC purchased a new position in shares of Metlife during the third quarter valued at about $120,000. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. boosted its stake in Metlife by 15.0% in the first quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 2,847 shares of the company’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 372 shares during the last quarter. Alpha Windward LLC boosted its stake in Metlife by 2.5% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 3,192 shares of the company’s stock worth $142,000 after buying an additional 79 shares during the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in Metlife by 328.1% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 3,215 shares of the company’s stock worth $143,000 after buying an additional 2,464 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BKS Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Metlife during the third quarter worth about $146,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.92% of the company’s stock. Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) traded down 1.64% on Friday, reaching $51.12. The company had a trading volume of 6,518,576 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $52.92 and its 200-day moving average price is $52.15. Metlife Inc has a 12 month low of $36.17 and a 12 month high of $58.09. The company has a market capitalization of $55.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 81.14 and a beta of 1.65. Metlife also was the target of some unusual options trading on Wednesday. Stock traders purchased 8,493 put options on the company. This represents an increase of 102% compared to the average volume of 4,200 put options. Metlife (NYSE:MET) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.34 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $12.08 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $17.34 billion. Metlife had a net margin of 1.30% and a return on equity of 7.17%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 29.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.23 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Metlife Inc will post $5.33 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/metlife-inc-met-shares-sold-by-capital-asset-advisory-services-llc.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on MET. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Metlife in a research note on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their target price on Metlife from $57.00 to $54.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. TheStreet upgraded Metlife from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research cut Metlife from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Bank of America Corp cut Metlife from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their target price for the company from $54.20 to $54.83 in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $55.57. In related news, Director James M. Kilts purchased 17,205 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $51.13 per share, with a total value of $879,691.65. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 59,443 shares in the company, valued at $3,039,320.59. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director James M. Kilts purchased 2,795 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was bought at an average cost of $54.17 per share, for a total transaction of $151,405.15. Following the purchase, the director now owns 41,951 shares in the company, valued at $2,272,485.67. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 0.27% of the company’s stock. About Metlife MetLife, Inc is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); MetLife Holdings; Brighthouse Financial, and Corporate & Other. Its U.S. segment is organized into Group Benefits, Retirement and Income Solutions and Property & Casualty businesses. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MET? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET). Receive News & Ratings for Metlife Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12386682 Home 12386742 News County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Skyvision El Faro Action Button Links Download News App Black History Month 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD Interactive Radar First Alert Wx App Eclipse 2017 Sky Cams Hour by Hour 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic First Alert Traffic Twitter Gas Prices 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries What's On WJAX-TV Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Super Bowl NHRA Gatornationals Contest Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Bozard Bash 2017 Wine Tasting Gala Take Steps Walk 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida 506187273 Daytona Contest 506187279 NHRA Gatornationals Contest More Sign up for Action News Jax Newsletters Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent by: MARTIN CRUTSINGER, AP Economics Writer Updated: Apr 14, 2017 - 10:23 AM Twtter WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. businesses increased their stockpiles in February by a modest amount while their sales slowed a bit. Business inventories rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.3 percent in February after an identical increase in January, the Commerce Department said Friday. And sales rose 0.2 percent in February after a slightly faster 0.3 percent increase in January. An effort by businesses to rebuild their stockpiles had added a full percentage point to economic growth in the October-December quarter, a period when the economy grew by a tepid 2.1 percent, as measured by the gross domestic product. But many analysts say they believe growth slowed in the January-March quarter, in part because they think inventories subtracted from overall economic activity. Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting annual GDP growth of just 1 percent in the first quarter. Businesses spent much of last year working to reduce an overhang of unsold goods, a process that imposed a drag on growth. But economists say that process is nearing an end and the absence of a drag from inventory reductions should mean stronger growth later in 2017. For February, stockpiles held by manufacturers rose 0.2 percent. They increased 0.4 percent at the wholesale level and 0.3 percent at retailers. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent Utah judge at rape sentencing: Ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' US launches qualification tests for upgraded nuke bomb Trump White House drops policy of identifying visitors Trump's flip-flops concern some supporters, but not others News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent By Associated Press Published: 10:24 EDT, 14 April 2017 | Updated: 10:24 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. businesses increased their stockpiles in February by a modest amount while their sales slowed a bit. Business inventories rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.3 percent in February after an identical increase in January, the Commerce Department said Friday. And sales rose 0.2 percent in February after a slightly faster 0.3 percent increase in January. An effort by businesses to rebuild their stockpiles had added a full percentage point to economic growth in the October-December quarter, a period when the economy grew by a tepid 2.1 percent, as measured by the gross domestic product. In this Friday, March 17, 2017, photo, Patricia Crawford shops for Atlanta Falcons and University of Georgia clothing at a J.C. Penney store in the Georgia Square Mall in Athens, Ga. On Friday, April 14, 2017, the Commerce Department reports on business stockpiles in February. (John Roark/Athens Banner-Herald via AP) But many analysts say they believe growth slowed in the January-March quarter, in part because they think inventories subtracted from overall economic activity. Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting annual GDP growth of just 1 percent in the first quarter. Businesses spent much of last year working to reduce an overhang of unsold goods, a process that imposed a drag on growth. But economists say that process is nearing an end and the absence of a drag from inventory reductions should mean stronger growth later in 2017. For February, stockpiles held by manufacturers rose 0.2 percent. They increased 0.4 percent at the wholesale level and 0.3 percent at retailers. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'My baby and me after nap time': Janet Jackson shares first photo of newborn son Eissa... after estranged husband shares amorous note Adorable PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini boss! Rihanna parades around in tiny two-piece and sips wine after treating her staff to lavish work retreat in Mexico 'Where is Pez?' Little Mix star Perrie Edwards worries followers by temporarily deactivating her Instagram account... after begging fans to delete pictures  Jamiroquai keyboard player Toby Smith dies aged 46, after 'secretly battling cancer for years' News revealed by lead singer Jay Kay, 47 His Wonderwall! David Beckham shares video of son Cruz playing guitar... before downing uni shots together Proud dad Ruff day! Amanda Holden 'left furious with the parents of a cheeky 8-year-old comedian who called her a DOG during Britain's Got Talent audition' Highlighter-haired Kylie Jenner flashes Spanx in $39 PrettyLittleThing mini-dress at Palm Springs bash Tad too short Loose Women presenter Stacey Solomon's 'lingerie and nude snaps leaked online' in latest hacking scandal... just one day after Alex Jones furore 'They should be ashamed': Gogglebox viewers' anger at Ellie and Izzi and Channel 4 for saying United Airlines 'would make a good Snapchat story' PICTURED: Newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh cuddles up to rugby hunk Thom Evans at fitness bash in LA... after splitting from tiler boyfriend 'Family is everything!': Beaming Kerry Katona spends quality time with her children and husband George Kay over Easter Smiles all round 'I love you so much': Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana posts amorous note after recent birth of their son and failed marriage 'It's taken ten years off you!' Twitter goes wild for Nadia Sawalha's new look as she straightens her curls for the first time on Loose Women Glam transformation 'I'm no scapegoat!' TOWIE's Chloe Sims warns trolls after receiving hate online about her involvement in Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks' split Can't mesh with her! Hailee Steinfeld rocks Coachella bash in thigh-high boots and see-through top Daring ensemble Their first Coachella! Paris Hilton flashes cleavage in multicolored maxi dress as she walks hand-in-hand with boyfriend Chris Zylka Inseparable Not such a Good Friday: Zara Tindall falls off her horse after negotiating a tricky water jump and has to be checked over by medical staff at an event in Norfolk SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna confronts nemesis Chloe Sims at the Easter Ball... after THAT explosive row with Pete Wicks on The Only Way Is Essex 'Thank you Luna!' Kim Kardashian gushes over 'cutest' Easter baskets given to her children from Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Retail therapy! Kate Upton shops in eye-catching leopard print leggings in LA... after claiming 'this week just kicked my a**' Beauty therapy Turned Up! Christina Milian flaunts toned legs in Daisy Dukes at PrettyLittleThing x PAPER magazine gala in Palm Springs 'Sculpting': Katy Perry shows off ultra trim figure during gym workout session in Instagram clip Tip-top shape 'I don't have a thigh gap and I'm still beautiful': Demi Lovato shows off her legs as she shares body positive post Empowerment Table for five! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take kids out for relaxed dinner in Malibu Stepping out Catherine Zeta-Jones nails boho chic with $3,800 Chanel graffiti bag as she arrives at New York's JFK airport with husband Michael Douglas Lucky brake! James Corden narrowly misses being hit by a truck after viewing a house under construction with his wife Julia in LA Lucky escape FIRST LOOK: Carrie Fisher as General Leia in The Last Jedi revealed... as Disney confirms she will NOT be in Episode IX despite brother's claims 'Coachella ella': Shanina Shaik dons skimpy attire and Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage as stars arrive for desert music festival Looked sensational The Weeknd, Sean 'Diddy' Combs and French Montana among surprise performers set to hit the stage at Coachella She's just a girl! Gwen Stefani keeps it low-key in track jacket and jeans on shopping trip with son Apollo Retail therapy Been Up All Night? Sleepy Liam Payne leaves a London studio wearing a HUGE gold chain as he and Cheryl adjust to new parenthood 'It drives her mad!': Philip Schofield admits Holly Willoughby is fed up of rumours she is pregnant... after sparking speculation by taking sick leave from This Morning Kate Wright flaunts her ample bust in an extremely plunging crop top as she holidays in Dubai... as she puts her toe woes behind her Wore plunging black top Pregnant Olympian Laura Kenny shows off her blossoming baby bump in a stretchy black top as she grabs lunch with friends  Expecting her first child 'Trying to look glamorous is harder than it looks!' Pregnant Binky Felstead proudly shows off her blossoming baby bump in swimwear snap Paris Jackson enjoys family dinner with brother Blanket... after sharing her fears he had been left to live alone Out in public despite fears for his safety Harry Styles' first solo single scores number one spot in the charts... but 'still only achieves half the opening week success of Zayn Malik's debut' Cara Delevingne debuts subtle pink locks as she wraps up warm while resuming filming for romantic drama Life In A Year Kooky new look Charlotte Crosby flaunts her fantastic gym-honed figure and flat stomach in a green crossover bikini in her latest sizzling snap Geordie phwoar! Between the sheets! Home And Away actress Pia Miller strips down to her underpants in a sultry bedroom snap taken by her boyfriend Tyson Mullane 'It's gettin real!': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share a smooch while posing proudly with pink cake they made for daughter Luna's 1st birthday 'The hardest question of all': Ruby Rose gets stuck when online survey asks 'male or female?' after revealing she identifies as gender fluid He's left me at 70 - how can I survive on my own?  BEL MOONEY helps a woman whose officer-and-gentleman husband is divorcing her Slender Mel C stuns in side-split midi dress as she takes to the stage for passionate final tour performance in Dublin The singer, 43, showed off her fit physique 'Being a mum makes me so content': Helen Flanagan reveals she 'definitely' wants more children with Scott Sinclair... and now finds Corrie more enjoyable 'Why are they trying to ruin it for me?': Danielle Lloyd hits back at Maria Fowler and Nicola McLean's 'vendetta' against her after they accused her of staging her baby gender reveal EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight and threatened with a butcher knife, Ashley Graham reveals the demons that dogged her 'Coachella vibin'': Ashley Graham lounges topless by the pool in Palm Springs She seemed ready for a weekend of relaxation, lounging poolside A Strictly reunion: Daisy Lowe shows off her taut midriff in a sleek boob tube as she is reunited with former dancing co-star Louise Redknapp She's Heard it's on-trend: Amber debuts bubblegum pink hair... as she's pictured for the first time since leaving awards bash early following an emergency The angels have landed at Coachella! Jasmine Tookes and Romee Strijd live it up at the Victoria's Secret 'oasis'  It' s hot there! Oops she did it again! Britney Spears shows off toned torso in hot pink bikini as she hits beach on Hawaiian vacation On the shores of Kauai Fans accuse model Shanina Shaik of 'cultural appropriation' after she debuts braided hairstyle for Coachella festival Victoria's Secret star Juggling act! Zoe Saldana carries newborn son Zen before taking a call on LA outing with husband Marco Perego Letting her hair down! Kylie Jenner parties in Coachella without ex Tyga...as they both travel separately to music festival just days after split Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes svelte torso in skimpy ensemble as she parties at Coachella  Rocking a bohemian chic crop top and jeans I find YOU the beast of Broadchurch! TV's addictively baffling crime series ends on Monday. Here, with forensic wit, JUDGE JAN MOIR names her culprit 'I wept as I wrote it!' Broadchurch writer promises a 'dark and emotional' end to the ITV drama on Easter Monday... and admits regretting ending it Rich kids of Coachella! Sofia Richie jets off in helicopter with gal pals as celebrities head to desert music festival in style Back to the desert again 'Tears of sadness': Emotional Danniella Westbrook shares Instagram snap admitting she 'needs to break in order to rebuild' while in rehab in Spain 'Holy Boobies': Coco Austin flaunts her ample assets in plunging tight maxi dress on Instagram The wife of Ice-T directed her fans to a new firm Ab fab! Serena Williams displays her chiseled figure in barely-there neon yellow bikini 'Just because' Showed off her VERY athletic physique Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Beyonce jets off to Bora Bora with Jay Z for 'low key' holiday at private island The holiday coincides with their anniversary 'She would work her butt off': Cate Blanchett used Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer while she filmed new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok After seeing his work Vanessa Hudgens kicks off Coachella weekend by going topless poolside in Palm Springs She showcased her fit 5ft1in bikini body 'You are pure love and joy!' Shannen Doherty pays birthday tribute to Sarah Michelle Gellar with sweet snap She just celebrated an Aries birthday herself Make-up free Daisy Lowe looks stylish in leather biker jacket as she arrives back in London after trip to New York She's been Stateside 'When the yoga position fails!': Little Mix beauty Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her VERY peachy posterior in a thong bikini She sure is flexible Newly single Cara De La Hoyde puts her woes to one side to film TOWIE with Georgia Kousoulou... hours after confirming split with Nathan Massey 'Happy Easter': Candice Swanepoel shares adorable snaps of six-month-old son wearing knit bunny hat Hopping mad Johnny Depp joins rally against Arkansas' rushed plans to put to death seven inmates by end of April - as drug supplier says its injection wasn't meant for execution 'He'd give it another go': TOWIE's Chris Clark is 'hoping for a reunion' with Jesy Nelson when she returns to the UK... after 'breaking up with her over the phone' Ready for anything! Eva Longoria brings wine and a pillow along for romantic getaway with husband José Bastón Wine O'Clock for the 42-year-old 'It's helped my vocal range': X Factor's James Arthur reveals his nose job has made him a better singer... as he performs his new single Can I Be Him live on The One Show Busty Charli XCX showcases her enviable assets and washboard stomach in a skimpy black bikini and jeans in sizzling selfie Mirror selfies 'Oh no!': Cara Delevingne debuts colourful pixie crop as she chops off her locks while filming new drama Life In A Year Sharing a Snapchat story Ben Affleck 'preparing to move out of family guest house' as divorce from Jennifer Garner proceeds He is preparing to move into his own place 'Like cuddling our princess again': Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford hug Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd 'DejaVuAllOverAgain,' Hamill tagged his post Star Wars' fans excitement as trailer for The Last Jedi premieres - but it gives little hint of what to expect and only a brief glimpse of Princess Leia SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: All the fun of the fair for cheeky little Mia Tindall as she watches her mother compete in horse trials  Looked adorable Ashley James shows off her enviably toned stomach in skimpy mesh lingerie as she soaks up the sun ahead of Coachella Festival in LA Frail Yoko Ono raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats privately with a young man in her first public outing in months 'New York vibes': Blac Chyna sports a red velvet tracksuit as she jets into the Big Apple for nightclub appearance She is a busy mum  Working it! Nicole Murphy displays her flawless figure in a sports bra as she she exercises in the heat She paired her colorful bra with tight trousers Karrueche Tran flaunts her bodacious behind in nude-colored thong bikini for fun-filled beach day in Miami It was all fun in the sun for Karrueche, 28 All star abs! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably flat stomach while rocking sporty sweatsuit She always has a winning look Sealed with an 'H'! Meghan Markle steps out wearing ANOTHER piece of jewellery with Prince Harry's initial on after the royal flew out for Easter with her SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Royal charity splits with Charles's 'Steel Magnolia' divorce lawyer  Fiona Shackleton  Makeup-free Amy Adams looks relaxed in casual chic as she enjoys day out with husband and daughter She recently ran the gamut of the awards  All bundled up! Hilary Duff throws denim jacket over colorful hoodie out and about in New York City She didn't take any chances BGT contestant Jess Robinson shocks Simon Cowell as she flawlessly impersonates Cheryl in incredible audition  Shocked Simon and wowed the audience Miami mami! Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her tiny waist and bodacious booty in a thong bikini as she makes a splash with Little Mix in Florida Katie Price opts for bold sunglasses and fluffy slippers as she enjoys day out in the sun with a friend Can't get enough of the sunshine Abs-olutely fabulous! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts trim pins and incredible abs in a tiny black bikini Kiwi-born beauty made her debut last year She's picture perfect! Ryan Reynolds takes candid snaps of wife Blake Lively including VERY close up shot of her chest On a tropical holiday 'My daughter can't stand to be around her f***ing father!': Mama June has a showdown with Sugar Bear and his new wife 'I'm always kind of curious': Robert Pattinson admits he is interested in reprising his role as Edward Cullen in a 'radical' Twilight spin-off 'It was chaos': Warren Beatty on THAT Oscars mix up, whether You're So Vain is really about him and the claim he's slept with 13,000 women Now for a drink! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick visit Malibu's Soho House after a day with their three kids Officially outnumbered Angelina Jolie 'splashes out $25 million' on a sprawling Hollywood estate with six bedrooms and 10 bathrooms... as she moves on from Brad Pitt 'I miss his laughter': Elvis Presley's ex-wife Priscilla reflects on the singer 40 years after his death... and claims The King would NEVER have been on Facebook 'We couldn't be happier!' Jeff Goldblum, 64, and wife Emilie Livingston, 34, proudly announce birth of baby boy Married three years ago Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off MAJOR cleavage as she tries out a daring new bra in playful video clip An eye-popping display for the followers 'You look like an egghead': Christine Lampard jibes Les Dennis as he shaves his head live on Loose Women ahead of his new musical role SPOILER ALERT: Numerous rappers surprise fans as it's announced they are set to take the stage at Coachella Kicked off on Friday Jennifer Aniston's half-brother AJ pictured trudging around with new girlfriend after 'abandoning' two children... as Friends star parades around Paris on luxury trip Shirtless Mark Wright shows off his rippling six-pack and bulging biceps as he works up a sweat on a jog in LA Mrs Wright is one lucky woman 'Good vibes only!' Lucy Hale brightens up hr morning in a tank top and leggings as she enjoys an iced coffee Her tank top sported the legend Good Vibes Only Look away, Pippa! Vogue Williams posts ANOTHER sizzling underwear snap as Middleton bans the sexy model from her wedding Future sister-in-laws? Natalie Portman looks slim and trim as she enjoys a hike... just two months after giving birth to daughter Amelia Already back to her pre-baby body? Take her to Church: 'Dominatrix' Charlotte parades her curvaceous figure in a very skimpy leotard and thigh-high boots for sex-themed performance 'You wouldn't stop calling!' Matthew Rhys first tried to woo now girlfriend Keri Russell 16 years ago... but she thought he was a 'buffoon' 'Everything is going to be ok!': Sandra Bullock donates $5000 to Beverly Hills Hotel's former pool manager after he falls on hard times Blac Chyna flashes her abs in form-fitting crop top as she steps out with a mystery male friend... after reuniting with Rob Kardashian It's reportedly back on 'I feel blessed to be here': Emotional Lisa Riley dresses up as a Easter bunny to deliver gifts to poorly children during heartbreaking hospital visit 'Sick' Kim Kardashian attends premiere of The Promise but 'doesn't stay for the movie about the Armenian genocide after being taken unwell' Made an early exit 'She's the best parts of the both of us': Chrissy Teigen shares beautiful family portrait for daughter Luna's first birthday It's been one year st. Is that you, Hugh? Madame Tussauds in China unveils waxwork of Wolverine actor Jackman with bizarre GINGER bouffant hairstyle He's Proud-lock of those abs: Made In Chelsea's Ollie works on his tan as he holidays in Miami with his bikini-clad girlfriend Emma Louise Connolly 'No makeup no filters!' Busy Philipps and Michelle Williams show off their natural beauty in glowing selfie It was a very touching caption 'Life is not a movie set!' Rob Lowe's sons Matthew and John Owen tell Ellen about life with their 'manchild' father He got an earful from his two boys Chocolate, pizza, chips and ice cream! Michelle Heaton shows off her rock hard abs in a crop top after enjoying an 'epic treat day' Former Liberty X singer New mother Alex Jones left 'genuinely angry' as fake topless pictures of TV presenter are leaked online She's in the early days of new motherhood Stylish pair! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are a team in jeans and bomber jacket The 40-year-old and the 22-year-old beamed 'An incredible mother:' Heath Ledger's sister Kate praises Michelle Williams for raising daughter Matilda in a 'wonderful environment' You've been framed: Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa wears statement glasses and figure-hugging dress as she touches down at LA airport Très chic! Jennifer Aniston keeps casually cool in long-line camel coat and shades as she enjoys a shopping trip with Justin Theroux in Paris Super size Megan! Miss Fox takes over Manhattan and stretches across Central Park in larger than life new ad The new face  Instagram mummy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter Nutella She enjoyed the spread Cheers to us! Ted Danson, 69, and wife of 22 years Mary Steenburgen enjoy romantic beach vacation in Hawaii They looked very relaxed Blonde bombshell! Model Natalie Roser poses in a VERY skimpy bikini as she celebrates the weekend by hitting the beach  Enviable figure Who needs boys? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows Chris Clark what he's missing as she hits Miami in a bikini amid claims TOWIE star 'dumped her by phone' Lily-Rose Depp rocks a retro Kiss tee as she jets back to LA with beau Ash Stymest after cosy break in Paris A cosy break in Paris, France Hot Legs! Rod Stewart, 71, looks proud as punch as Penny Lancaster, 46, flaunts her toned pins in ripped shorts during a family day out in Beverly Hills TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong displays sensational gym-honed frame in skimpy orange bikini as she gets cosy with hunky beau Daniel Spiller in Dubai EXCLUSIVE 'Summer romance is definitely on the cards': Tallia Storm, 18, moves on from Brooklyn Beckham with a mystery older man in LA Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take turns to spend time with their children... as it emerges they have both asked for joint custody in divorce papers 'You are so perfect': Shirtless Justin Bieber sends fans into meltdown as he displays his new chest tattoos in latest social media selfie So she DOES eat McDonald's! Gwyneth's Goop lifestyle site issues readers with advice on what to order at fast food chains (but there's no fries...) That's a Lott of colour! Pink-haired Pixie shows off her vibrant hair as she leaves TV studios... after unveiling new music video for latest single Baby 'I've recorded my character's death': Peter Capaldi confirms he's filmed his final Doctor Who scenes... as he describes the show as a 'TV factory' Babewatch! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample assets and toned tummy in a skimpy red bikini as she hits the beach in the Seychelles  Mama-ste! Lea Thompson and daughter Zoey Deutch hold hands on their way to yoga They have an unbreakable family bond and both love of acting 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles Mel B steps out in sporty ensemble in LA amid bitter divorce battle with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte Sporty Spice Newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her toned curves in a striped bikini as she hits the pool in LA amid split from from tiler boyfriend Former TOWIE star That's not a selfie, THIS is a selfie! Jason Momoa channels his inner Crocodile Dundee while posing with fans at Bluesfest Byron Bay A big hit with the fans Jemma Lucy flaunts surgically-enhanced assets in skimpy bra and plunging playsuit as she cosies up to 'ex-girlfriend' Chantelle Connelly for night out 'Youth is wasted on the young!' Lily Collins flaunts her toned legs in skinny jeans as she steps out with bold message emblazoned on her camo jacket Leggy Natalie Portman hides her post-pregnancy figure in chic knitted coat as she enjoys romantic stroll with husband Benjamin Millepied First class disguise! Katy Perry hides her head behind enormous envelope... before delivering the goods by revealing her famous features Little Mix's Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a plunging white bikini top as she hits the pool in Miami with her bandmates on a rare day off Diane Kruger commands attention in bright red blazer and patchwork jeans as she makes glamorous laundry run in New York She's only human Ellie Goulding opts for understated style as she leaves New York hotel with Team GB boyfriend Casper Jopling New boyfriend 'We're here in paradise!' Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her age defying figure in minidress as she arrives for Dominican Republic gig Love Island's Olivia Buckland shows some serious cleavage in a low-cut top as she hits the town with fiancé Alex Bowen Still going strong Painting the town red! Bianca Gascoigne oozes sex appeal as she flaunts her busty assets and toned legs in plunging keyhole gown for night out 'He had just two hours' sleeps a night for YEARS': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary of actor's life is set to premiere 'I see the kids doing these kind of pics so...': Kathy Griffin, 56, looks ageless as she poses TOPLESS in a bid to keep up with the youngsters Now you can glow like Chrissy Teigen! The model teamed up with Becca Cosmetics on a gorgeous palette you'll want to wear every day this summer It's had a Bake Over! Paul Hollywood, Sandi Toksvig, Noel Fielding and Prue Leith cosy up in FIRST official photo from Channel 4's new GBBO Charli XCX looks kooky in an oversized pyjama-style two-piece and tinted specs as she attends 2017 SESAC Pop Awards Loose-fitting look Her little star! Pregnant Danielle Lloyd cradles her blossoming baby bump in a patterned onesie as she pops to the store for a morning grocery run Baby on board! Rugby star Sam Burgess dotes over newborn daughter Poppy with wife Phoebe during casual outing Hoopin' it up! Jimmy Fallon plays basketball as he films Saturday Night Live skit in NYC ahead of hosting first live coast-to-coast show ever Russell Crowe, 53, keeps it casual in a black T-shirt and jeans as he watches South Sydney Rabbitohs lose to the Canterbury Bulldogs  From Chelsea to California: Kimberley Garner shows off her toned tum in a cropped vest as she hits the beach in Santa Monica with her pet pooch   'He had the biggest heart in the world': Paul Walker's brother Cody discusses taking over the late actor's charity following his tragic death in 2013 Plane stunning! Chrissy Teigen shows off her lean legs with heavily ripped jeans and stylish wrap knit as she touches down in Los Angeles Un beau derrière! Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at in Paris Daddy cool! Bradley Cooper sports thick beard and blue shades in first public outing since becoming a father Welcomed his first child this month 'Baby Eric is scared of me': Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden reveals Simon Cowell's son, 3, hasn't taken to her very well  He knows what he likes 'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Like high school again... Meet the millennial Sloanes! How the Chelsea set have swapped pearls and parties for catwalk careers (and you don't need to be posh) 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'coparenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling In Calabasas with her former flame What a swell guy! Chris Hemsworth poses for selfies with fans after the Thor: Ragnarok actor enjoys a Good Friday surf in Byron Bay Hollywood star  EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's brother Cody claims Fast And The Furious 9 'WILL be filmed and set in Australia' 'Long overdue,' he says It begins! Kylie Jenner is among the first to arrive ahead of Coachella as she steps off her private jet in Palm Springs Here she comes Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  No wonder Pippa didn't want Vogue at her wedding! Spencer Matthews' girlfriend Williams shares revealing photo showing off her figure  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying physique in dazzling white bikini as she shares snaps from sun-drenched family holiday Looking good Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cosy up at The Promise premiere Lookalikes? 'She reminds me of Tana': Gordon Ramsay has a floor-to-ceiling picture of CINDY CRAWFORD in his home because he's convinced wife is a doppelgänger Bounced back quick! Amanda Seyfried shows off slim frame just three weeks after giving birth to baby girl Proud to show off her slender frame  'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   It's Britney, beach! 'OMG - it's about Haylor!' Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to fling with Taylor Swift Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte That's a bold look! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts incredibly tiny waist and lean legs in skimpy frock Model looks 'It was nice to see Ashley!' John Middleton makes shock return to Emmerdale despite death... as onscreen wife Charlotte Bellamy talks emotional scenes 'Miami with this little sort': Jesy Nelson shows ex Chris Clark what he's missing as she frolics in bra with Little Mix bandmate Perrie Edwards 'Under proofed': Sceptical viewers unimpressed with first photo of C4's Bake Off line-up as one likens Noel and Sandi to a 'single mum and son'  Sheer-ly amazing! Glamorous Julianne Moore wows in see-through lace as she attends a photo exhibit in New York 70 years of Cannes Derriere on full display! Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination in tiny bikini bottoms with strapless top in Miami Beach babe. He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' She's been keeping secrets New hair do care! Malin Akerman reveals new dark hair colour on Rampage set with Jeffrey Dean Morgan Billions actress has a new do Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  'Kill em all (with love)': Anwar Hadid makes a peaceful tweak to his Metallica hoodie as he heads to dinner with family and girlfriend Nicola Peltz 'My cutie!' Proud mother Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with her beloved daughter North West Tender moment  Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla Looked stylish in an elegant suit LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary How romantic 'He would be up for it': Tommy Cannon, 78, has been hotly tipped for Strictly Come Dancing's new series... meaning he would be the 'oldest ever' celebrity on show Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Coachella vibes! Model Shanina Shaik shares throwback snap of herself wearing cheeky denim cut-offs and shaggy jacket at iconic California music festival Strutting her stuff! VS Angel Taylor Hill shows off model figure in white tank top as she arrives at LAX ahead of Coachella music festival Festival vibes 'WHY ARE WE ALWAYS YELLING!?' Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson trade barbs in VERY profane teaser for The Hitman's Bodyguard Julianne Hough gets the full VIP treatment at a nail salon in Beverly Hills as she cuts a slim figure in dark skinny jeans A little me time Come here often? Basic Instinct star Sharon Stone gets chatted up by male customer as she gets nails done Pamper party Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic top and glam metallic trousers for date night after another hit performance in Carousel Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Academy Award winner Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Controversial TV appearance in 2015 'Cinema with baby bae': Sallie Axl's nine-month-old daughter Savannah-Blue sips on coca-cola and tucks into nachos for her first big screen visit Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts Shimmering 'First time swimming with mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap from baby Caben Albi's first trip to pool... as Jeremy McConnell continues rehab  Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has £450 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  Expensive habit 'Fitness infiltrated my life': Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in bikini 'You made us proud': Caitlyn Jenner sends well-wishes to transgender Survivor contestant Zeke Smith after the reality star is outed Flawless! Charlize Theron stuns in thigh-skimming mini dress as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live Wild thing in a bold pattern Sharp dressed man! Matthew McConaughey and his 80s retro mustache get a visit from wife Camila on Ohio set of new movie Getting into character 'I was a centimetre away from being completely paralysed': Charlize Theron reveals near-horrific injury on the set of Aeon Flux  Terrifying incident Timeless beauty! Actress Rose Byrne dons a chic monochrome look at panel event for TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks Nothing's changed! Keith Urban's UNSEEN 1982 high school class photo sees the country singer sporting boyish looks and signature long locks Late Carrie Fisher fondly remembered in touching tribute clip at Star Wars Celebration convention in Orlando A video released for Florida convention 'It was a difficult habit to break': Hayden Christensen returns to Star Wars Celebration for first time in 15 years... and reveals his biggest shame 'Oh haiiii there handsome': Lewis Bloor sandwiches himself between reality beauties... as he appears to take a swipe at Marnie Simpson  Her breast assets! Justin Bieber's rumoured ex Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS while riding a quad bike and dancing with a female pal 'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News General Dynamics Co. (GD) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can Perkins Coie Trust Co Sells 43 Shares of BB&T Co. (BBT) United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can Home Federal Bank of Tennessee Reduces Stake in Raytheon Company (RTN) Murphy Capital Management Inc. Sells 1,850 Shares of Aqua America Inc (WTR) Highland Capital Management LLC Purchases 5,110 Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Marriott International Inc (MAR) to Buy Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Goodrich Petroleum Co. (GDPM) Research Coverage Started at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Bank of America Corp Boosts Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Price Target to $195.00 Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) Price Target Raised to $22.00 Steven J. Ross Sells 400,000 Shares of Terra Tech Corp (TRTC) Stock Murphy Capital Management Inc. Holds Position in WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Shares Sold by Legacy Private Trust Co. Federated Investors Inc (FII) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Equity Residential (EQR) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) to Hold Stryker Co. (SYK) Shares Bought by Fenimore Asset Management Inc. First American Bank Buys 7,596 Shares of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Donegal Group (DGICA) Given Media Impact Score of 0.55 Highland Capital Management LLC Purchases 5,110 Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Highland Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) by 26.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 24,304 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 5,110 shares during the period. Highland Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Prudential Public Limited Company were worth $1,030,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of PUK. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its position in Prudential Public Limited Company by 175.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 2,935 shares of the company’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 1,868 shares during the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. boosted its stake in Prudential Public Limited Company by 1.8% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 4,921 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,000 after buying an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. bought a new stake in Prudential Public Limited Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $226,000. Keybank National Association OH bought a new stake in Prudential Public Limited Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $229,000. Finally, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in Prudential Public Limited Company by 12.3% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 5,967 shares of the company’s stock valued at $235,000 after buying an additional 654 shares in the last quarter. 1.46% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) traded down 0.62% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $41.41. 391,232 shares of the company traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $53.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.03 and a beta of 1.68. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $41.69 and a 200-day moving average price of $38.84. Prudential Public Limited Company has a 52-week low of $29.14 and a 52-week high of $44.21. The company also recently disclosed a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.744 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a yield of 3.5%. This is an increase from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Highland Capital Management LLC Purchases 5,110 Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/highland-capital-management-llc-purchases-5110-shares-of-prudential-public-limited-company-puk.html. Several research firms recently issued reports on PUK. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, April 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Societe Generale raised shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $43.20. Prudential Public Limited Company Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PUK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK). Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report US businesses increase inventories by a modest 0.3 percent 2017-04-14T18:33:28Z2017-04-14T18:33:28Z By MARTIN CRUTSINGER AP Economics Writer WASHINGTON (AP) - U.S. businesses increased their stockpiles in February by a modest amount while their sales slowed a bit. Business inventories rose by a seasonally adjusted 0.3 percent in February after an identical increase in January, the Commerce Department said Friday. And sales rose 0.2 percent in February after a slightly faster 0.3 percent increase in January. An effort by businesses to rebuild their stockpiles had added a full percentage point to economic growth in the October-December quarter, a period when the economy grew by a tepid 2.1 percent, as measured by the gross domestic product. But many analysts say they believe growth slowed in the January-March quarter, in part because they think inventories subtracted from overall economic activity. Economists at JPMorgan Chase are forecasting annual GDP growth of just 1 percent in the first quarter. Businesses spent much of last year working to reduce an overhang of unsold goods, a process that imposed a drag on growth. But economists say that process is nearing an end and the absence of a drag from inventory reductions should mean stronger growth later in 2017. For February, stockpiles held by manufacturers rose 0.2 percent. They increased 0.4 percent at the wholesale level and 0.3 percent at retailers. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Utah judge at rape sentencing: Ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' Utah judge at rape sentencing: Ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' Posted: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:54 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:54 GMT A judicial oversight organization says a Utah judge is facing a deluge of complaints after calling a former Mormon bishop convicted of rape an "extraordinary, good man" who did something wrong.More >> A judicial oversight organization says a Utah judge is facing a deluge of complaints after calling a former Mormon bishop convicted of rape an "extraordinary, good man" who did something wrong.More >> Ex-NFL player driving truck that ran over, killed daughter Ex-NFL player driving truck that ran over, killed daughter Posted: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:49 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:49 GMT Authorities say a former NFL player was driving a truck that struck and killed his 3-year-daughter in the driveway of their suburban Phoenix home.More >> Authorities say a former NFL player was driving a truck that struck and killed his 3-year-daughter in the driveway of their suburban Phoenix home.More >> US launches qualification tests for upgraded nuke bomb US launches qualification tests for upgraded nuke bomb Posted: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:48 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:48 GMT Scientists at Sandia National Laboratories are claiming success with the first in a new series of test flights that are part of an effort to upgrade one of the nuclear weapons that has been in the U.S. arsenal for...More >> Scientists at Sandia National Laboratories are claiming success with the first in a new series of test flights that are part of an effort to upgrade one of the nuclear weapons that has been in the U.S. arsenal for decades.More >> Ex-NFL star Hernandez, serving life, acquitted in 2 slayings Ex-NFL star Hernandez, serving life, acquitted in 2 slayings Posted: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:46 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:46 GMT Jurors in the double-murder trial of ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez have begun their sixth day of deliberations.More >> Jurors in the double-murder trial of ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez have begun their sixth day of deliberations.More >> The Latest: Victim shocked by Utah judge remark in rape case The Latest: Victim shocked by Utah judge remark in rape case Posted: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:32 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-04-15 07:03:32 GMT A Utah judicial oversight commission representative says the organization has received dozens of complaints about a Utah judge after he called a convicted rapist a "good man" during his sentencing hearing.More >> A Utah judicial oversight commission representative says the organization has received dozens of complaints about a Utah judge after he called a convicted rapist a "good man" during his sentencing hearing.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Encana Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nike Inc (NKE) Position Increased by Forte Capital LLC ADV Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Stake Boosted by Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. Creative Planning Has $1.633 Million Position in Kearny Financial (KRNY) Vista Capital Partners Inc. Increases Position in Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Creative Planning Has $1.631 Million Position in Encana Corp (ECA) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Raytheon Company (RTN) Issued By Jefferies Group Regions Financial Corp (RF) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.24 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Primoris Services Corp Increased by DA Davidson (PRIM) Short Interest in TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Declines By 9.4% Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Nissan Chemical Industries, Ltd. (NNCHY) to Sell Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Stake Boosted by Chesley Taft & Associates LLC Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Sells 12,358 Shares of ConocoPhillips (COP) Chesley Taft & Associates LLC Cuts Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Shares Sold by Chesley Taft & Associates LLC Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc (IVR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Extended Stay America’s (STAY) Buy Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Sanofi SA (SNY) Raised to “Neutral” at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Creative Planning Has $1.631 Million Position in Encana Corp (ECA) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Creative Planning increased its stake in shares of Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) (TSE:ECA) by 194.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 139,310 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 91,977 shares during the period. Creative Planning’s holdings in Encana Corp were worth $1,631,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. FCG Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the third quarter valued at $105,000. Morningstar Investment Services LLC bought a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the third quarter valued at $109,000. Equity Investment Corp Acquisition Inc bought a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $131,000. Radnor Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $131,000. Finally, Aveo Capital Partners LLC bought a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $133,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 64.57% of the company’s stock. Shares of Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) opened at 11.60 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $11.19 and a 200 day moving average price of $11.62. Encana Corp has a 52 week low of $5.89 and a 52 week high of $13.85. The stock’s market cap is $11.29 billion. Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.09 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.06. Encana Corp had a positive return on equity of 1.79% and a negative net margin of 40.77%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.13 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Encana Corp will post $0.30 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were given a dividend of $0.015 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. This represents a $0.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.52%. Encana Corp’s payout ratio is currently -3.97%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Creative Planning Has $1.631 Million Position in Encana Corp (ECA)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/creative-planning-has-1-631-million-position-in-encana-corp-eca.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 price target on shares of Encana Corp in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Encana Corp in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $16.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut Encana Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Vetr upgraded Encana Corp from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $15.42 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 price target on shares of Encana Corp in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Encana Corp currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $13.89. In related news, Director Clayton Harvey Woitas acquired 12,300 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $10.65 per share, with a total value of $130,995.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Over the last ninety days, insiders have bought 29,700 shares of company stock worth $314,709. Insiders own 0.26% of the company’s stock. About Encana Corp Encana Corporation is an energy producer that is focused on developing its multi-basin portfolio of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs) producing plays. The Company’s operations also include the marketing of natural gas, oil and NGLs. All of its reserves and production are located in North America. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ECA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) (TSE:ECA). Receive News & Ratings for Encana Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Friday April 14 2017 8:36 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here   Read the Print Edition Here:   Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks close lower for third time in three days April 14, 2017, 05:00 AM By Alex Veiga The Associated Investors were in a selling mood at the end of a mostly subdued week of trading, sending U.S. stocks lower for the third day in a row Thursday. Energy stocks led the broad decline, which gathered momentum in the final hour of trading ahead of the long Easter holiday weekend. The slide marked the lowest close for the stock market since Feb. 13 and came on a day when several major banks reported their latest quarterly results, kicking off the company earnings season. Traders also weighed the potential for rising geopolitical tensions following news that the U.S. attacked an Islamic State tunnel complex in eastern Afghanistan with the largest non-nuclear weapon ever used in combat by the U.S. military. Bond yields continued to drop. Gold surged to its highest level since early November. The weakened versus the yen and euro. “Investors have plenty of reasons to be cautious and have become more cautious in recent weeks,” said Erik Davidson, chief investment officer at Wells Fargo Private Bank. “The market had a great run and it just hasn’t been given a lot of reasons for much follow-through on that.” The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slid 15.98 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,328.95. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 138.61 points, or 0.7 percent, to 20,453.25. The Nasdaq composite index lost 31.01 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,805.15. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index lost 13.96 points, or 1 percent, to 1,345.24. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. The decline deepened the market’s losses for the month. Bond prices edged higher. The yield on the benchmark U.S. 10-year note fell to 2.23 percent from 2.24 percent late Wednesday. Gold, often sought out by investors in times of global uncertainty, climbed $10.40 to $1,288.50 an ounce. Oil prices inched higher as traders shrugged off a report by the International Energy Agency said that demand growth for oil will slow for a second consecutive year this year. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 7 cents to close at $53.18 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 3 cents to close at $55.89 per barrel in London. Even so, energy stocks fell sharply, led by Chesapeake Energy. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, shedding 26 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $5.89. After a week of mostly subdued trading without major new economic data or company news, investors got a look at the first batch of big bank earnings Thursday. Several banks reported better-than-expected results thanks to improved revenue from trading and rising interest rates. That gave the stocks a boost early on, but their gains faded. Citigroup slipped 47 cents to $58.04, while JPMorgan Chase shed $1, or 1.2 percent, to $84.40. PNC Financial Services slid 20 cents to $115.80. “A lot of investors were looking through the earnings releases today and trying to get a sense of demand for loans, and I don’t think they’re liking what they’re seeing,” Davidson said. Wells Fargo gave up 3.3 percent after Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway sold some of its stock in the lender to avoid being designated a bank holding company. Wells also reported flat quarterly earnings, reflecting continuing struggles to recover from its sales practice scandal. The stock lost $1.77 to $51.35. Pier 1 Imports’ latest quarterly results failed to impress investors. The company’s shares slumped 9.1 percent after the home decor retailer reported disappointing sales. The stock slid 66 cents to $6.59. U.S. Steel fell 5.9 percent as investors weighed the impact of a wastewater spill at one of the company’s steel plants in northern Indiana. Federal officials were waiting for the results of tests aimed at determining whether a potentially carcinogenic chemical entered Lake Michigan during the wastewater spill on Tuesday. The company’s shares were off $1.84 to $29.42. Major stock indexes overseas closed mostly lower. In Europe, Germany’s DAX slid 0.4 percent, while France’s CAC-40 shed 0.6 percent. London’s FTSE-100 lost 0.3 percent. In Asia, Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 fell 0.7 percent and Sydney’s S&P-ASX 200 lost 0.7 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng slid 0.2 percent after a report showed China’s export growth accelerated in March, while import growth cooled. Seoul’s Kospi added 0.9 percent. The dollar continued to weaken a day after President Donald Trump said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal that the dollar was “getting too strong” and that he won’t declare China a currency manipulator. The remarks helped push the yen to its highest level since mid-November, just after the presidential election. The dollar slid to 109.16 yen from 109.71 yen late Wednesday. The euro strengthened to $1.0612 from $1.0598. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline dipped 1 cent to $1.73 a gallon. Heating oil held steady at $1.65 a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $3.23 per 1,000 cubic feet. Among metals, silver gained 21 cents to $18.51 an ounce. Copper added 3 cents to $2.57 a pound. U.S. markets will be closed Friday for the Good Friday holiday. ——— Follow Alex Veiga on Twitter at twitter.com/—AlexVeiga His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/alex-veiga     Tags: percent, cents, stock, investors, stocks, after, Other stories from today: Wells Fargo shows some stability and resumes promoting accounts Stocks close lower for third time in three days Buffett foundation unveils $90M plan to help girls of color     Print this Page  |  << Back            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What is your favorite professional sport? Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Hockey Depends on the season                         Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County advertising  
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Treasuries rally after U.S. drops huge non-nuclear bomb on IS Pensions & Investments | April 13, 2017 1:46 pm | Updated 4:20 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart CEO pay as percentage of net income View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top 10 DC record-keepers The 10 largest defined contribution record-keepers, based on total assets as of Sept. 30, 2016. View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO Grahams Tropin on strategy evolution View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Total System Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total System Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Upgrades NRG Energy Inc (NRG) to “Buy” Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) to Sell Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Atlantic Securities Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Rating Reiterated by Boenning Scattergood Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Initiates Coverage on Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Cowen and Company Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Initiates Coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Heico Corp (HEI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Rakuten Inc (RKUNY) to “Hold” RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Stake Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Purchases 265,136 Shares of Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 278,288 Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Perigon Wealth Management LLC Purchases 683 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $24.819 Million Stake in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp (FSFR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of -0.29 Encore Wire (WIRE) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.36 Equity BancShares (EQBK) Earns News Sentiment Score of -0.39 Pier 1 Imports Inc (PIR) Releases Q1 Earnings Guidance Infosys Ltd (INFY) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Shaw Communications Inc (SJR) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Atlantic Securities April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Total System Services, Inc. (NYSE:TSS)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by Atlantic Securities in a research report issued on Wednesday. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on TSS. Guggenheim began coverage on Total System Services in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $62.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered Total System Services from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Pacific Crest began coverage on Total System Services in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $58.00 target price on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus raised Total System Services from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $57.00 to $60.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG upped their target price on Total System Services from $54.00 to $57.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $55.82. Shares of Total System Services (NYSE:TSS) opened at 52.12 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $53.49 and a 200-day moving average price of $51.17. Total System Services has a 12-month low of $46.22 and a 12-month high of $56.54. The firm has a market cap of $9.56 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.08 and a beta of 1.00. Total System Services (NYSE:TSS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $1.13 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $835.06 million. Total System Services had a return on equity of 24.32% and a net margin of 8.38%. Total System Services’s quarterly revenue was up 57.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.57 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Total System Services will post $3.13 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd were paid a dividend of $0.10 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, March 21st. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.77%. Total System Services’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 23.12%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/total-system-services-inc-tss-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-atlantic-securities.html. In other news, EVP William A. Pruett sold 44,066 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.95, for a total transaction of $2,245,162.70. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP Dorenda K. Weaver sold 2,688 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.92, for a total value of $136,872.96. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 48,143 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,451,441.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 169,296 shares of company stock valued at $8,638,738. 2.60% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its stake in Total System Services by 573.4% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 36,430 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,786,000 after buying an additional 31,020 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in Total System Services by 55.5% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 842,292 shares of the company’s stock valued at $39,715,000 after buying an additional 300,598 shares during the period. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co increased its stake in Total System Services by 0.3% in the third quarter. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co now owns 64,485 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,041,000 after buying an additional 203 shares during the period. KCG Holdings Inc. bought a new stake in Total System Services during the third quarter valued at about $1,830,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Total System Services by 39.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 424,329 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,006,000 after buying an additional 119,886 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 71.48% of the company’s stock. About Total System Services Total System Services, Inc (TSYS) is a payment solutions provider that provides payment processing services, merchant services and related payment services to financial and non-financial institutions. The Company’s segments include North America Services, Merchant Services, NetSpend and International Services. Receive News & Ratings for Total System Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total System Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Southern Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southern Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Southern Co (SO) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Patisserie Holdings PLC (CAKE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages JinkoSolar Holding Co. (JKS) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports KEYW Holding Corp. (KEYW) Receiving Very Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Buys New Stake in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Position Increased by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $15.627 Million Position in Torchmark Co. (TMK) Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Buys 108,212 Shares of Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Zions Bancorp (ZION) Position Raised by Macquarie Group Ltd. Sunstone Hotel Investors Inc (SHO) Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.20 Per Share Zacks Investment Research Upgrades NRG Energy Inc (NRG) to “Buy” Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) to Sell Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Atlantic Securities Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Rating Reiterated by Boenning Scattergood Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Initiates Coverage on Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Cowen and Company Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Initiates Coverage on Hilton Grand Vacations Inc (HGV) Heico Corp (HEI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Rakuten Inc (RKUNY) to “Hold” Southern Co (SO) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Southern Co (NYSE:SO)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. They currently have a $56.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price target suggests a potential upside of 13.34% from the stock’s previous close. SO has been the subject of several other research reports. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $54.00 price target on shares of Southern in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on shares of Southern in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued an “underperform” rating and a $47.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Southern from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Deutsche Bank AG cut their price target on shares of Southern from $52.00 to $50.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday. Finally, Argus lowered shares of Southern from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $52.69. Southern (NYSE:SO) opened at 49.42 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $50.10 and a 200 day moving average of $49.42. Southern has a 1-year low of $46.20 and a 1-year high of $54.64. The stock has a market cap of $48.98 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.38 and a beta of 0.05. Southern (NYSE:SO) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.33 by $0.09. The company earned $5.19 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.63 billion. Southern had a return on equity of 12.69% and a net margin of 14.14%. Southern’s revenue was up 45.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.44 EPS. Analysts predict that Southern will post $2.98 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/southern-co-so-rating-reiterated-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. In other news, CEO Stan W. Connally sold 16,100 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.50, for a total transaction of $813,050.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 19,424 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $980,912. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Christopher C. Womack sold 2,182 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.36, for a total transaction of $109,885.52. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 10,151 shares in the company, valued at approximately $511,204.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 1.00% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd boosted its position in shares of Southern by 4.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 1,281,052 shares of the company’s stock valued at $65,718,000 after buying an additional 53,504 shares during the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Southern by 6.6% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 181,832 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,118,000 after buying an additional 11,252 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Southern by 28.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 989,739 shares of the company’s stock valued at $50,774,000 after buying an additional 218,580 shares during the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group boosted its position in shares of Southern by 30.8% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 358,060 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,369,000 after buying an additional 84,418 shares during the last quarter. Finally, American International Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Southern by 3.9% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 352,338 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,075,000 after buying an additional 13,117 shares during the last quarter. 51.57% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Southern The Southern Company (Southern Company) is a holding company. The Company owns all of the stock of the traditional electric operating companies and the parent entities of Southern Power Company (Southern Power) and Southern Company Gas, and owns other direct and indirect subsidiaries. The Company’s segments include Gas distribution operations, Gas marketing services, Wholesale gas services, Gas midstream operations and All other. Receive News & Ratings for Southern Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southern Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Raised by Analyst Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Atwood Oceanics, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ATW) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. Issued By William Blair (BECN) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ryder System, Inc. (R) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Petmed Express Inc (PETS) to “Hold” Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. (MRTX) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Summit Street Capital Management LLC Acquires 6,955 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $231,000 Stake in Xenia Hotels & Resorts Inc (XHR) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Swedish Orphan Bio Spon (SWTUY) to Hold Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades USA Truck, Inc. (USAK) to Buy FBR & Co Begins Coverage on TriCo Bancshares (TCBK) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) to Hold William Blair Brokers Boost Earnings Estimates for LPL Financial Holdings Inc (LPLA) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Bought by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Sells 111 Shares of Home Depot Inc (HD) Clean Energy Fuels Corp (CLNE) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 13,210 Shares of Headwaters Inc (HW) Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. Has $25.158 Million Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) 5,389 Shares in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Acquired by Fortis Advisors LLC Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. Issued By William Blair (BECN) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) – William Blair cut their Q2 2017 earnings estimates for shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a research report issued on Tuesday. William Blair analyst R. Merkel now expects that the company will post earnings per share of ($0.05) for the quarter, down from their previous forecast of ($0.01). William Blair also issued estimates for Beacon Roofing Supply’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.90 EPS. Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ:BECN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.44 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.01. The business earned $1 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1,000 million. Beacon Roofing Supply had a return on equity of 9.99% and a net margin of 2.49%. The company’s revenue was up 2.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.41 EPS. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. Issued By William Blair (BECN)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/q2-2017-earnings-forecast-for-beacon-roofing-supply-inc-issued-by-william-blair-becn.html. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Beacon Roofing Supply from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $56.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $46.00 target price on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a report on Monday, February 6th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $51.86. Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ:BECN) opened at 48.60 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $2.92 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.64 and a beta of 1.31. Beacon Roofing Supply has a 1-year low of $39.50 and a 1-year high of $50.61. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $48.00 and its 200 day moving average price is $45.54. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in BECN. Redmond Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Beacon Roofing Supply by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Redmond Asset Management LLC now owns 26,412 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,217,000 after buying an additional 139 shares during the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC increased its position in shares of Beacon Roofing Supply by 3.0% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 9,988 shares of the company’s stock valued at $420,000 after buying an additional 295 shares during the last quarter. Bell State Bank & Trust increased its position in shares of Beacon Roofing Supply by 4.3% in the third quarter. Bell State Bank & Trust now owns 7,578 shares of the company’s stock valued at $319,000 after buying an additional 315 shares during the last quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Beacon Roofing Supply by 5.0% in the third quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 9,853 shares of the company’s stock valued at $415,000 after buying an additional 466 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Beacon Roofing Supply by 2.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 26,559 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,117,000 after buying an additional 750 shares during the last quarter. Beacon Roofing Supply Company Profile Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc is engaged in the distribution of residential and non-residential roofing materials in the United States and Canada. It also distributes complementary building products for residential and non-residential building exteriors. Its product portfolio includes residential roofing products, non-residential roofing products and complementary building products. Receive News & Ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Walt Disney Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 13,210 Shares of Headwaters Inc (HW) Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. Has $25.158 Million Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) 5,389 Shares in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Acquired by Fortis Advisors LLC Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Bought by Capital International Inc. CA Congress Asset Management Co. MA Invests $5.164 Million in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research BP plc (BP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Earns Outperform Rating from Wedbush Xcerra Corp (XCRA) Downgraded by DA Davidson Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for State Street Corp Lifted by Analyst (STT) Jefferies Group Comments on Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (OMED) Guggenheim Capital LLC Boosts Position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $445,000 Position in CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $440,000 Stake in Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Hampstead Capital LLP Purchases Shares of 222,700 Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Facebook Inc (FB) is Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s 9th Largest Position PDF Solutions, Inc. (PDFS) Position Maintained by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Reduces Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc (APAM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Bought by Capital International Inc. CA April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital International Inc. CA increased its stake in shares of Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) by 22.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 31,940 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock after buying an additional 5,940 shares during the period. Capital International Inc. CA’s holdings in Walt Disney were worth $3,329,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Lombard Odier Transatlantic Limited Partnership boosted its stake in shares of Walt Disney by 71.4% in the third quarter. Lombard Odier Transatlantic Limited Partnership now owns 1,200 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 500 shares in the last quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Walt Disney by 7,240.3% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 128,089 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 126,344 shares in the last quarter. TLP Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Walt Disney during the third quarter worth about $129,000. New Capital Management LP acquired a new stake in shares of Walt Disney during the fourth quarter worth about $139,000. Finally, Massey Quick & Co. LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Walt Disney during the fourth quarter worth about $152,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 58.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) opened at 113.20 on Friday. Walt Disney Co has a 52 week low of $90.32 and a 52 week high of $114.25. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $111.91 and its 200 day moving average is $103.93. The company has a market capitalization of $179.00 billion, a PE ratio of 20.43 and a beta of 1.25. Walt Disney also saw some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Investors bought 2,729 call options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 133% compared to the average daily volume of 1,171 call options. Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The entertainment giant reported $1.55 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.48 by $0.07. Walt Disney had a net margin of 16.29% and a return on equity of 19.43%. The company earned $14.78 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.30 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.63 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 3.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Walt Disney Co will post $5.95 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/walt-disney-co-dis-shares-bought-by-capital-international-inc-ca.html. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on DIS. Guggenheim reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $128.00 price objective on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $124.00 price objective on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Tuesday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $138.00 price objective on shares of Walt Disney and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday. Vetr upgraded shares of Walt Disney from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $118.01 price objective for the company in a report on Monday. Finally, FBR & Co upped their price objective on shares of Walt Disney from $113.00 to $116.00 and gave the stock a “mkt perform” rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and twenty have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $116.38. In related news, EVP Brent Woodford sold 2,000 shares of Walt Disney stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.50, for a total transaction of $221,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 27,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,065,822.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Company insiders own 13.00% of the company’s stock. Walt Disney Company Profile The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment company. The Company operates in four business segments: Media Networks, Parks and Resorts, Studio Entertainment, and Consumer Products & Interactive Media. The media networks segment includes cable and broadcast television networks, television production and distribution operations, domestic television stations, and radio networks and stations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DIS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS). Receive News & Ratings for Walt Disney Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL S&P 500 Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Stocks to Watch on Thursday: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) and ConocoPhillips (COP) JPM delivers blowout earnings, AMD continues to falter and COP makes a roughly $3 billion asset sale By Robert Martin, InvestorPlace Writer  |  Apr 13, 2017, 7:56 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: United States Steel Corporation (X) Stock Sinks on Ore, Leak Concerns 3 Stocks to Watch on Thursday: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) and ConocoPhillips (COP) AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Stock Booms on Buyout Rumors Recent Posts: Review: Apple’s (AAPL) 2017 iPad is a Bargain 3 Stocks to Watch on Thursday: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) and ConocoPhillips (COP) United States Steel Corporation (X) Stock Sinks on Ore, Leak Concerns View All Posts Wednesday saw another day of weak-handed selling, with the low-volume day punctuated by a nearly 1% decline in financials as Wall Street braced for today’s slate of bank earnings. The Dow Jones Industrial Average dipped 0.3%, the S&P 500 finished 0.4% lower and the Nasdaq dropped 0.5%. But perhaps Thursday won’t be all that bad, considering JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) has landed on our list of stocks to watch thanks to blowout earnings. Meanwhile, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) and ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) are making headlines of their own. Here’s what to look for in Thursday’s trading: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) AMD shares are headed solidly lower again on Thursday, but this time, there’s no real catalyst other than more time to think about the negative drivers hammering the stock of late. Advanced Micro is now off nearly 10% (and soon to be more) following Goldman Sachs analyst Toshiya Hari initiating shares at “Sell.” To recap, Hari said that despite the fact that AMD’s “execution (i.e. new product launches, cost management and [balance sheet] deleveraging) has improved under CEO Lisa Su, we believe current risk-return is unfavorable.” He added that AMD was “priced for perfection,” and that competition from Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) was still a viable threat. That announcement quickly sent AMD stock off a cliff, with shares buckling below both the 20- and 50-day moving averages. The stock has been unable to recover since then. Any strength was abandoned on Wednesday, when Advanced Micro was sent more than 2% lower with little resistance through the day. AMD is off another 2%-plus this morning, and with little else in the way of near-term catalysts on the radar, bulls simply have to hope for a broad-market upswing to help improve the chipmaker’s fortunes. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) JPM shares are starting to crawl higher this morning on a massive first-quarter earnings beat. JPMorgan posted revenues of $25.59 billion for Q1, topping expectations of $24.88 billion. That was driven largely by a billion-dollar beat in trading revenue, with $6.52 billion clearing a bar of $5.51 billion. That funneled down to EPS of $1.65, which easily bested expectations for $1.52. That trading revenue was heavily influenced by a boost in bond trading, which was up 17% year-over-year to $4.22 billion. Conversely, revenue on the equity end, while still up, gained more modestly at 2% to $1.61 billion. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/3-stocks-to-watch-on-thursday-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-and-conocophillips-cop/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement Plans 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down 7 Energy Stocks That Will Strike It Big 3 Blue-Chip Plays for Big-Time Income 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On 10 Spring Cleaning Tips for Your Portfolio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 Blue-Chip Covered Calls for Big-Time Income Most Popular 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 High-Yield Vanguard ETFs to Buy for Long-Term Gains 5 Stocks to Buy for Big-Time Rebound Returns 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in Camtek LTD. (CAMT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys New Stake in Alere Inc (ALR) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Position Decreased by Independent Order of Foresters Guardian Capital Advisors LP Reduces Position in General Electric Company (GE) Drexel Morgan & Co. Has $259,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for H&E Equipment Services, Inc. (HEES) Reduced by KeyCorp Analysts Offer Predictions for Discovery Communications Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DISCA) Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Dunelm Group plc (DNLM) PT Lowered to GBX 620 Osram Licht Ag (OSAGF) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Orbotech Ltd (ORBK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research SGS Ltd (SGSOY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Old National Bancorp (ONB) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) to Strong Sell Traders Buy Large Volume of Call Options on L Brands (LB) Maxim Group Upgrades TrovaGene Inc (TROV) to Buy Fmr LLC Sells 12,557 Shares of SCYNEXIS Inc (SCYX) VTTI Energy Partners LP (VTTI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Anavex Life Sciences Corp. (AVXL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Vectren Corp (VVC) to “Hold” Guardian Capital Advisors LP Reduces Position in General Electric Company (GE) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Guardian Capital Advisors LP reduced its stake in General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) by 48.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 26,940 shares of the company’s stock after selling 25,460 shares during the period. Guardian Capital Advisors LP’s holdings in General Electric Company were worth $849,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 357,567,340 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,299,139,000 after buying an additional 10,321,746 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 130,741,961 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,131,446,000 after buying an additional 900,672 shares during the last quarter. Trustees of General Electric Pension Trust acquired a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $1,038,590,000. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp boosted its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 1.5% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp now owns 19,678,692 shares of the company’s stock valued at $582,883,000 after buying an additional 293,566 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 848.2% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 15,458,705 shares of the company’s stock valued at $488,626,000 after buying an additional 13,828,422 shares during the last quarter. 54.68% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.56 on Friday. General Electric Company has a 52 week low of $28.19 and a 52 week high of $33.00. The firm has a market cap of $257.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.10 and a beta of 1.20. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $29.85 and its 200-day moving average is $30.21. General Electric Company also was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Wednesday. Traders bought 2,078 put options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 351% compared to the average daily volume of 461 put options. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.46. General Electric Company had a net margin of 6.86% and a return on equity of 15.99%. The business earned $33.10 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $33.67 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.52 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th will be paid a $0.24 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.25%. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio is currently 106.67%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Guardian Capital Advisors LP Reduces Position in General Electric Company (GE)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/guardian-capital-advisors-lp-reduces-position-in-general-electric-company-ge.html. GE has been the subject of several research reports. Vetr raised shares of General Electric Company from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $34.04 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Royal Bank of Canada set a $37.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $40.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $29.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $28.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. General Electric Company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $33.14. In related news, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 738,907 shares in the company, valued at $21,842,090.92. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Jeffrey S. Bornstein purchased 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was purchased at an average price of $29.63 per share, with a total value of $148,150.00. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 68,757 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,037,269.91. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.23% of the stock is owned by insiders. General Electric Company Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for General Electric Company (NYSE:GE). Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL S&P 500 Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Stocks Hit As Q1 Earnings Roll Out Bank stocks were hit after investors looked over their earnings reports Apr 13, 2017, 5:52 pm EDT  |  By Anthony Mirhaydari, InvestorPlace Market Strategist     View All   U.S. equities were hit on Thursday, pushing the Dow Jones Industrial Average further away from its 50-day moving average in what is the most significant downtrend since before Election Day. For the first time in five months, the bears are actually dealing some damage to ebullient stock prices. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.7%, the S&P 500 lost 0.7%, the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.5%, and the Russell 2000 lost 1%. Treasury bonds were changed little, the dollar was weaker, gold extended its recent strength rising 0.8% on safe haven inflows and oil did not change much. Energy stocks led the way down, off 1.8%, with oil services stocks hit the hardest. Defensives and yield-sensitives did best, with real-estate investment trusts down just 0.2%. Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) got a lift thanks to CEO Elon Musk teasing a September unveiling of a “Tesla Semi” and a July release of the Model 3 sedan on Twitter. This puts an end to a tight two-month trading range as the Q1 earnings season kicks off and investors grow concerned about the Trump Administration’s shift in focus from tax reform and healthcare legislation (bogged down by gridlock) to foreign policy, where the White House can exercise power more unilaterally. The situation in Syria remains at a low boil amid recriminations with Assad’s Russian allies. The standoff with North Korea is heating up, as the Trump Administration puts pressure on China to get Pyongyang under control on reports the despotic nation is preparing another nuclear weapons test. And today, Trump dropped the “MOAB” bomb on ISIS positions in Afghanistan, making good on his campaign pledge to “bomb the **** out of them” using the U.S. military’s largest non-nuclear ordinance. Bank stocks were hit after JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC), and Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) reported results, reversing an initial surge on better-than-expected earnings and revenues. As investors actually dig into the results, negatives like surging credit card charge-offs, lower mortgage originations and tighter net interest margins. WFC fell 3.3% despite beating earnings estimates; the source of the fall was provisions and taxes. Revenues missed on softer net interest margins. WFC management reported mortgage applications fell by 23% quarter-over-quarter to just $59 billion, below the nadir hit in 2014 returning it to financial crisis lows. JPM lost 1.2% in sympathy despite strong results setting up a possible test of the 200-day moving average, not touched since last summer, which would be worth a near 11% decline from here. The company reported earnings of $1.65 per share on revenues $25.6 billion vs. estimates of $1.51 and $24.6 billion respectively. But average core loans increased 9% over last year, missing estimates for 10% growth and fueling economy-wide concerns about slowing loan demand. Edge Pro subscribers are preparing for further downside extension in bank stocks generally and JPM specifically with a new position in the April $84.50 JPM puts, which are trading near 60 cents. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/stocks-hit-as-q1-earnings-roll-out-jpm-wfc/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement Plans 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down 7 Energy Stocks That Will Strike It Big 3 Blue-Chip Plays for Big-Time Income 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On 10 Spring Cleaning Tips for Your Portfolio ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 Blue-Chip Covered Calls for Big-Time Income Most Popular 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 High-Yield Vanguard ETFs to Buy for Long-Term Gains 5 Stocks to Buy for Big-Time Rebound Returns 3 ETFs That You Never Have to Check Up On Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 20453.25 -0.67%   S&P 500 ▲ 2328.95 -0.68%   Nasdaq ▲ 5805.15 -0.53%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.234%   Crude Oil ▲ 52.91 -0.38%   Euro ▲ 1.0614 -0.01%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Rising Anxiety Fuels Market About-Face Heard on the Street For Inflation, It’s All About Oil Tax Report How Uncle Sam Divvies Up $100 of Your Taxes Commodities in Your Portfolio? It’s All Hogwash Says Wall Street Dissenter Retreat of ‘Reflation Trade’ Leaves Markets Less Crowded Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Kuwait Aim for $60 Oil Informal Lending in China Ramped Up in March Heard on the Street Surprise FDA Rejection Will Sting This Biotech Hacker Group Says U.S. Tried to Breach Money-Transfer System Heard on the Street Will Comcast Really Cut the Cord? Credit Suisse to Cut Executive Bonuses by 40% SEC Targets Illicit Options Trades Made Ahead of Telecom Deal Heard on the Street Qualcomm’s Apple Bills May Pile Up AIG CEO Peter Hancock’s Total Pay Fell 23% in 2016 Ernst &amp; Young Pays $10 Million to Settle Hedge Fund Legal Battle Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Heard on the Street Loan-Growth Slowdown Hurts Some Banks More than Others Strong investment banking operations helped J.P. Morgan and Citigroup weather a slowdown in lending, but not Wells Fargo By Aaron Back Aaron Back The Wall Street Journal BiographyAaron Back @AaronBack April 13, 2017 12:26 p.m. ET The split between solid performance on Wall Street and a slowdown in lending growth is turning some banks into winners and others into laggards. First quarter net income rose by 17% from a year earlier at both J.P. Morgan Chase and Citigroup, beating analyst estimates in both cases, thanks to strong investment banking and trading activity. Wells Fargosaw flat net profit as loan growth slowed and expenses swelled in the aftermath of... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts A Wife's Search for Her Missing Husband Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Most Popular Articles U.S., Afghan Forces Assess Damage to ISIS From Massive Bomb Opinion: Does Steve Bannon Have Something to Offer? How Uncle Sam Divvies Up $100 of Your Taxes Seven Office Menswear Dilemmas—and How to Manage Them Under Armour Paid $73 Million to CEO’s Businesses Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump The 'Mother of All Bombs': Fast Facts A Wife's Search for Her Missing Husband Why U.S. Dropped ‘Mother of All Bombs’ on ISIS Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Most Popular Articles U.S., Afghan Forces Assess Damage to ISIS From Massive Bomb Opinion: Does Steve Bannon Have Something to Offer? How Uncle Sam Divvies Up $100 of Your Taxes Seven Office Menswear Dilemmas—and How to Manage Them Under Armour Paid $73 Million to CEO’s Businesses Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks Hit As Q1 Earnings Roll Out InvestorPlace Anthony Mirhaydari 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The richest women in the world Financial stats that sum up average Americans Click to expand Replay Video Delta to offer up to $9,950 to fliers who give up seats Delta is letting employees offer customers almost $10,000 in compensation to give up seats on overbooked flights, hoping to avoid an uproar like the one that erupted at United after a passenger was dragged off a jet. In an internal memo obtained Friday by The Associated Press, Delta Air Lines said gate agents can offer up to $2,000, up from a previous maximum of $800, and supervisors can offer up to $9,950, up from $1,350. Wochit Business Why the US Border Patrol is having trouble hiring agents The Trump administration wants the agency to add 5,000 new agents, but two-thirds of applicants fail the polygraph test. Newsy Dakota Access ready to begin carrying oil The Dakota Access Pipeline will begin carrying oil in may. Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell: Wall Street Closes in Red as Financial, Energy Sectors Drag Stocks Lower The Street See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Delta to offer up to $9,950 to fliers who give up seats Wochit Business0:43 Why the US Border Patrol is having trouble hiring agents Newsy0:59 Dakota Access ready to begin carrying oil Veuer0:55 Here's why some Coca-Cola bottles have a yellow cap Business Insider1:30 Warehouse workers beware: These little robot helpers may be after your job CNN Money1:14 Nintendo declares the Switch to be a massive success Wochit Tech0:36 How Trump could tackle health care and taxes The Wall Street Journal.1:38 Nevada becomes first state with syringe vending machines Fox Business4:14 The uncovered truth of overbooking in the airline industry Veuer1:19 Nintendo NES Classic is being discontinued CNET0:49 Tesla solar panels are starting to power Hawaii island CNN Money2:55 What this symbol that's on nearly half of your food means Business Insider0:51 Tesla's Musk tells disgruntled shareholders: Buy Ford Reuters America1:00 These are the airlines most likely to bump you from a flight Money0:59 How to invest in marijuana The Wall Street Journal.2:50 SUVs take over New York auto show Reuters1:10 UP NEXT Related video: Wall Street closes in red as financial, energy sectors drag stocks lower (provided by The Street) Quotes in the article Wells Fargo & Co WFC ▼ 51.35 -1.77 -3.33% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 84.40 -1.00 -1.17% AdChoices U.S. equities were hit on Thursday, pushing the Dow Jones Industrial Average further away from its 50-day moving average in what is the most significant downtrend since before Election Day. For the first time in five months, the bears are actually dealing some damage to ebullient stock prices. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.7%, the S&P 500 lost 0.7%, the Nasdaq Composite lost 0.5%, and the Russell 2000 lost 1%. Treasury bonds were changed little, the dollar was weaker, gold extended its recent strength rising 0.8% on safe haven inflows and oil did not change much.© Provided by InvestorPlace Stocks Hit As Q1 Earnings Roll Out Energy stocks led the way down, off 1.8%, with oil services stocks hit the hardest. Defensives and yield-sensitives did best, with real-estate investment trusts down just 0.2%. Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) got a lift thanks to CEO Elon Musk teasing a September unveiling of a “Tesla Semi” and a July release of the Model 3 sedan on Twitter. This puts an end to a tight two-month trading range as the Q1 earnings season kicks off and investors grow concerned about the Trump Administration’s shift in focus from tax reform and healthcare legislation (bogged down by gridlock) to foreign policy, where the White House can exercise power more unilaterally. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts The situation in Syria remains at a low boil amid recriminations with Assad’s Russian allies. The standoff with North Korea is heating up, as the Trump Administration puts pressure on China to get Pyongyang under control on reports the despotic nation is preparing another nuclear weapons test. And today, Trump dropped the “MOAB” bomb on ISIS positions in Afghanistan, making good on his campaign pledge to “bomb the **** out of them” using the U.S. military’s largest non-nuclear ordinance. Bank stocks were hit after JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC), and Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) reported results, reversing an initial surge on better-than-expected earnings and revenues. As investors actually dig into the results, negatives like surging credit card charge-offs, lower mortgage originations and tighter net interest margins. 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 WFC fell 3.3% despite beating earnings estimates; the source of the fall was provisions and taxes. Revenues missed on softer net interest margins. WFC management reported mortgage applications fell by 23% quarter-over-quarter to just $59 billion, below the nadir hit in 2014 returning it to financial crisis lows.© Provided by InvestorPlace JPM stock JPM lost 1.2% in sympathy despite strong results setting up a possible test of the 200-day moving average, not touched since last summer, which would be worth a near 11% decline from here. The company reported earnings of $1.65 per share on revenues $25.6 billion vs. estimates of $1.51 and $24.6 billion respectively. But average core loans increased 9% over last year, missing estimates for 10% growth and fueling economy-wide concerns about slowing loan demand. Edge Pro subscribers are preparing for further downside extension in bank stocks generally and JPM specifically with a new position in the April $84.50 JPM puts, which are trading near 60 cents. On the economic front, March producer prices fell 0.1% vs. the flat result expected. On an annual basis, however, prices posted their largest increase since March 2012 — up 2.3%. Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Stock Falls Despite Q1 Earnings Beat Consumers keep beaming with overconfidence, as the April Michigan consumer sentiment reading came in at 98.0 vs. the 96.5 expected and the 96.9 reported in March. The current conditions subindex hit its highest level since 2000 and nearly reached the all-time high set in 1999. Just let that sink in.© Provided by InvestorPlace Stocks Hit As Q1 Earnings Roll Out Markets will be closed Friday for the Easter holiday weekend. But looking ahead, stocks look vulnerable to continued downside extension as the CBOE Volatility Index — Wall Street’s “fear gauge” — hits pre-election levels on the geopolitical turmoil. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. Free two- and four-week trial offers have been extended to MSN Money readers. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace 42 Stocks On a Slippery Slope InvestorPlace 4 Stocks to Buy While the Construction Sector Rallies Higher InvestorPlace Is The Cloud Really Going To Help Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock? InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close Rogelio V. Solis In this April 11, 2017, photo, a customer uses a drive-thru ATM at a Wells Fargo bank in northeast Jackson, Miss. On Thursday, April 13, 2017, Wells Fargo reported earnings. Wells Fargo's first-quarter profit was essentially flat from a year earlier as new customers continue to stay away from the bank following its sales practice scandal. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis) AP Wells Fargo shows some stability, resumes promoting accounts By KEN SWEET AP Business Writer Apr 13, 2017 Updated 16 hrs ago Rogelio V. Solis In this April 11, 2017, photo, a customer uses a drive-thru ATM at a Wells Fargo bank in northeast Jackson, Miss. On Thursday, April 13, 2017, Wells Fargo reported earnings. Wells Fargo's first-quarter profit was essentially flat from a year earlier as new customers continue to stay away from the bank following its sales practice scandal. (AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis) NEW YORK (AP) — Wells Fargo's sales practices scandal isn't going away anytime soon, with first-quarter profit essentially flat as the bank struggled to win customers. But amid signs that the storm over fake accounts is easing, branch employees are starting to promote new accounts to people. The company said Thursday that new checking account openings were down 35 percent in March from the same month a year ago. New credit card applications were down 42 percent. Both those metrics improved from the activity in February, however. And after months of apologizing and calling customers to ask whether they really opened the accounts in their names, Wells executives said the bank is starting to move back into the offense. Bank employees are "more actively marketing products" to customers again in the branches, said John Shrewsberry, the company's chief financial officer. Regulators had fined San Francisco-based Wells Fargo $185 million in September for opening more than 2 million accounts fraudulently as employees tried to meet aggressive sales goals. The bank has been dealing with the aftermath since then, as then-CEO John Stumpf stepped down and the head of the consumer banking division moved up her retirement. Both were ordered to forfeit promised stock awards. Wells Fargo also scrapped its sales goals and announced new compensation standards. Earlier this week, the bank's board released its own investigation, and announced it was clawing back another $75 million in pay from Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying the executives took too long to recognize problems at the company. Even with signs of stabilization, the bank still faces several pending investigations by state and federal authorities. And in two weeks, Wells Fargo will hold its annual shareholder meeting amid a push to get rid of the company's board of directors. Overall, Wells Fargo reported net income of $5.46 billion, or $1 per share, in the quarter ending March 31, compared with $5.46 billion, or 99 cents per share, in the same quarter a year ago. The results surpassed Wall Street expectations of 96 cents per share, according to FactSet. The company posted revenue of $23.93 billion in the period. Its adjusted revenue was $22 billion, falling short of analyst forecasts of $22.4 billion, according to FactSet. Like Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase, which also reported their results on Thursday, Wells did benefit somewhat from the rise in interest rates. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates last December and again in March. Higher rates mean banks like Wells can charge more for loans. In the quarter, Wells' net interest income was $12.3 billion, up 5 percent from a year earlier. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Both JPMorgan and Citi reported first quarter results that beat analysts' expectations. Unlike Wells Fargo, both banks have large trading and investment banking operations, so they tend to see profits rise and fall more noticeably with markets compared to Wells. Citi said it earned $4.1 billion, or $1.35 a share, compared with $3.5 billion, or $1.10 a share, in the same period a year earlier. Analysts had expected $1.23 a share, according to FactSet. JPMorgan earned $6.45 billion, or $1.65 per share, in the first quarter compared with net income of $5.52 billion, or $1.35 a share from a year earlier. Analysts surveyed by FactSet expected the bank to earn $1.51 a share. ____ Ken Sweet covers banks and consumer financial issues for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at @kensweet. ____ AP Business Writer Joseph Pisani contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Earnings Reports Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Business Earnings Surprises Latest in section What's going on in the markets today? Tesla Introduces Solar Panels Ahead of Gigafactory 2 Opening 3 Top Dividend Aristocrats to Buy Now Intel Corporation's New Fab Filler What You Don't Know About These Tax Breaks Could Cost You More on this topic Tesla Introduces Solar Panels Ahead of Gigafactory 2 Opening 3 Top Dividend Aristocrats to Buy Now Intel Corporation's New Fab Filler What You Don't Know About These Tax Breaks Could Cost You Why the United Airlines PR Disaster Is Far From Over Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: EPA: Chemical spill originated at U.S. Steel, residents should steer clear of beaches LaPorte High School sex case is back in court Two men charged in teenager's gang-related shooting in Hammond Gordmans to remain open in Valparaiso Hammond police nab man after introducing new technology Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +16 National News Photos: Jets put on thrilling show through narrow Star Wars Canyon National News How much did the average American pay in taxes the year you were born? Entertainment Slideshow: Best-selling books NFL officiating chief Dean Blandino resigns Today’s top pics: Political crisis in Venezuela and more Julian Lennon honors his mom, the environment in kids' book Russia's spurned singer tapped as Eurovision 2018 contestant Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses HENRY COMPANY Kent Heating & Air Conditioning Inc 906 Roosevelt Rd, Valparaiso, IN 46383 TAMBURITZANS 1801 BOULEVARD OF THE ALLIES, PITTSBURGH, PA 15219 Be Your Very Best by Diana Govert 102 South Union Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Hot Yoga Highland Hot Yoga welcomes all beginners to our 90 minute yoga classes. New Students, click here for an exclusive offer from Hot Yoga Highland! Updated 19 hrs ago Theodoros & Rooth, P.C. Theodoros & Rooth, P.C. Offers Free Consultations Updated 19 hrs ago Tim's Landscaping Your landscaping dreams are a Free estimate away! Call Tim's Landscape Services today! Updated 19 hrs ago United Starter & Alternator, LLC Sow's ears turn into silk purses at United Starter & Alternator! Click here or call today: 219-696-9095 Updated 18 hrs ago E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Saturday, April 15, 2017 As of 5:03 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video News Employment rate rises, drives surge in Australian economy By Frenalyn Wilson on April 14 2017 9:57 AM 0 0 0 0 The logo of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA) is displayed outside a branch in Sydney, Australia, March 21, 2016. Reuters/David Gray Official figures revealed that the number of people with jobs in Australia rose, driving surge in economy. Last month, the number of employed Australians went higher by 60,900 last, which had been the strongest gain since October 2015. It was an unexpected rise in employment as 20,000 extra jobs was previously forecasted. There is a significant rise in full-time work with 74,500 positions created in the biggest rise from any time of the year since June 2011 per the data from Australian Bureau of Statistics. That offset a fall of 13,600 part-time jobs. The rate of unemployment is at 5.9 percent, which came as no surprise because the participation rate rose to an eight-month high of 64.8 percent. The rate measures the percentage of Australians who is either working or does not have a job and are still looking for work. Australian dollar rallied upon the release of workforce figures shortly before noon on Thursday, rising up to US76c.  Per the Business Insider, Australian dollar was close to 0.7 percent against the US dollar after the release of the data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics. CommSec chief economist Craig James said the most recent figures would be a good news for the Reserve Bank.  “Given the dour commentary accompanying the April interest rate decision, policymakers could do with some cheering up,” the Herald Sun quoted him saying. However, James has clarified that the numbers would not modify widespread expectations for the cash rate to remain on hold in the next months. Tom Kennedy, an economist at JPMorgan, said the reserve bank would stay on alert but can now be less alarmed. Bank of Melbourne senior economist Janu Chan said the central bank would feel relieved that the loss of momentum in the labour market in the past months seemed to have been fleeting. Chan noted that the case for further easing from the RBA lessened but with no significant decline in the rate of unemployment. The employment rate inched higher in Victoria from 6 percent to 6.1 percent. Data shows Queensland has the biggest increase in the number of people who have jobs because 28,800 extra jobs have been a great help in cutting the unemployment rate to 6.3 percent. Meanwhile, Nicki Hutley, director and chief economist at Urbis, believes that the rise in employment numbers may not help boost the Australian economy. “We've seen jobs growth of just over 1 percent per annum so that's not enough to make inroads into the unemployment rate nor is it enough to put pressure on wages for that to tick up a bit to help the economy and to help inflation back up," she told CNBC's "Squawk Box.” YouTube/Al Jazeera English Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Reserve Bank of Australia steps up warning on household debt Strategist says Australia is facing one-in-three risk of home-grown recession Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Amazon announces 30,000 part-time jobs across the US, offers access to benefits 0 Shares 2 ‘The Conjuring’: Warner Bros may have to prove ghosts exist in US$900M lawsuit 0 Shares 3 Fate of Australia’s 457 visa hangs in balance 0 Shares 4 Fully healthy Rafael Nadal ready to dominate clay-court season 0 Shares 5 Cannabis campaigner to meet Advisory Council chair 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Final scene of last episode written 0 Shares 7 Raids, the next big thing in ‘Pokemon GO’ 0 Shares 8 Arkistruct to support local manufacturing 0 Shares 9 'Rick and Morty season 3' episode 2 release date: Fallout from 'The Rickshank Rickdemption' 0 Shares 10 Study suggests low-calorie sweeteners can make you fat 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Salim Mehajer faces two charges in a 24-hour period Volkswagen to sell diesel-powered cars in the US Woolworths: Pick date to pack date for supermarket produce Amazon to collect sales tax in Hawaii, Idaho, Maine and New Mexico on April 1 United CEO finally apologises to dragged passenger, says company will ‘work to make it right’ New Optus and Yes TV fixed broadband plans More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East NBA: Kobe Bryant shares would have overthrown Jeanie Buss Golden State Warriors vs Los Angeles Lakers live stream: How to watch NBA regular season finale online, preview, start time Kevin Owens, Sami Zayn move to SmackDown Cleveland Cavaliers sign Edy Tavares, Dahntay Jones but enter playoffs in a funk Roger Federer can play another 4-5 years, feels Andre Agassi Former Universal champion suffers concussion after WWE Raw More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Yooka-Laylee' is far from perfect ‘Pokemon GO’ PvP Battle and Easter Event Xiaomi CEO confirms Mi 6 launch date Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus prototypes hint at dual cameras TSA refuses medicinal cannabis on flights, regrets error Facebook cracking down on ‘revenge porn’ More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Doctor Who’ monsters to appear in Sydney’s Circular Quay Thursday ‘Law and Order: SVU’ star Mariska Hargitay sends shoutout to man who tattooed ‘Dick Wolf’ on back One thing ‘MasterChef 2017’ fans are hardly aware of ‘The Crown’ leads BAFTA TV nominations, Matt Smith gets snubbed New Gorillaz album 'Humanz' inspired by Trump election 'Rick and Morty season 3' episode 2 release date: Fallout from 'The Rickshank Rickdemption' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Buy These Stocks Today! (Free Report) Home | Street Talk Tags: Retail | Sales | Inflation | Weak | Economic | Growth Weak Retail Sales, Lower Consumer Prices Reflect Weak Economic Growth (DreamsTime) Friday, 14 Apr 2017 03:42 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, underscoring the magnitude of the loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. But with the labor market near full employment, Friday's weak reports failed to change views that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates again in June. Economists expect a rebound in both retail sales and monthly inflation. "For the Fed, the underlying momentum is more important in terms of policy decisions, and that looks to be strong, supported by a tightening labor market, rising incomes and high consumer confidence," said Gregory Daco, head of U.S. macroeconomics at Oxford Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said retail sales dropped 0.2 percent last month after a 0.3 percent decrease in February, which was the first and biggest decline in nearly a year. Compared to March last year retail sales increased 5.2 percent. Economists had forecast retail sales slipping 0.1 percent. Excluding automobiles, gasoline, building materials and food services, retail sales rebounded 0.5 percent last month after falling 0.2 percent in February. These so-called core retail sales correspond most closely with the consumer spending component of gross domestic product. Despite last month's rebound in core retail sales, consumer spending likely braked sharply in the first quarter after growing at a brisk 3.5 percent annualized rate in the final three months of 2016. The apparent slowdown in consumption is partly blamed on the late disbursement of income tax refunds by the government as it sought to combat fraud. The Atlanta Fed lowered its first-quarter GDP estimate by one-tenth of a percentage point to a 0.5 percent rate, which would be the weakest performance in three years. The economy grew at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter. With job growth averaging 178,000 per month in the first quarter, the anticipated slowdown in GDP likely understates the health of the economy. First-quarter GDP tends to be weaker because of calculation problems that the government has acknowledged and is working to resolve. Retail sales last month were undercut by a 1.2 percent tumble in receipts at auto dealerships. It was the third straight monthly drop in auto sales. Lower gasoline prices also undermined retail through a 1.0 percent drop in receipts at service stations. POCKETS OF STRENGTH A 1.5 percent plunge in sales at building material stores was also a drag. But electronics and appliances store sales recorded their biggest rise since June 2015. Receipts at clothing stores increased by the most in a year, despite declining mall traffic and increased competition from online retailers, led by Amazon.com. Retailers like J.C. Penney Co. Inc., Abercrombie & Fitch and Macy's Inc. are scaling back on brick-and-mortar operations. U.S. financial markets were closed for the Good Friday holiday. In a separate report, the Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index dropped 0.3 percent in March, the first decline in 13 months and biggest decrease since January 2015 amid falling prices for gasoline and mobile phone services, which offset rising rents and food costs. The CPI nudged up 0.1 percent in February. In the 12 months through March, the CPI rose 2.4 percent, slowing from February's 2.7 percent increase. The so-called core CPI, which strips out food and energy costs, fell 0.1 percent, the first and biggest drop since January 2010, after rising 0.2 percent in February. The year-on-year increase in the core CPI slowed to 2.0 percent, the smallest advance since November 2015, from 2.2 percent in February. "We don't think this is enough to cause the Fed to swerve from their stated desire to continue gradually increasing the funds rate, though it may embolden the doves' rhetoric," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York The Fed has a 2 percent inflation target and tracks an inflation measure which is at 1.8 percent. The U.S. central bank lifted its overnight interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more hikes this year. A 6.2 percent drop in gasoline prices was the biggest factor in the monthly decline in the CPI, which was also weighed down by a record 7.0 percent plunge in the cost of wireless telephone services. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, underscoring the magnitude of the loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. Retail, Sales, Inflation, Weak, Economic, Growth 710 Friday, 14 Apr 2017 03:42 PM 2017-42-14 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented 1,470 Economists Send Trump a Letter to Support Immigrants Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 67 comments Again we see a group that does not seem to be able to distinguish... Trump to Meet Business Leaders on Infrastructure, Tax Reform Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 38 comments That's right, Obama's shovel ready stimulus plan. Green energy like... Insurance, Medical Groups Urge Trump to Keep Funding Obamacare Subsidies Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 36 comments Who would have ever thought that the insurance industry would be lobbying... Retailers Going Bankrupt at Staggering Rate on Flood of Store Closures Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 23 comments So cutting into Thanksgiving Day with early 'Black Friday' wasn't the... Dollar Slumps After Trump Backs Off on China Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 19 comments so many policies change daily... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site US retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first quarter growth News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business US retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first quarter growth U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, underscoring the magnitude of the loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. Posted 14 Apr 2017 20:50 Updated 15 Apr 2017 01:05 FILE PHOTO: A shopper passes a "Sale" sign at Quincy Market in downtown in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S. January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder Enlarge Caption  Email More A A WASHINGTON: U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, underscoring the magnitude of the loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. But with the labor market near full employment, Friday's weak reports failed to change views that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates again in June. Economists expect a rebound in both retail sales and monthly inflation. "For the Fed, the underlying momentum is more important in terms of policy decisions, and that looks to be strong, supported by a tightening labor market, rising incomes and high consumer confidence," said Gregory Daco, head of U.S. macroeconomics at Oxford Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said retail sales dropped 0.2 percent last month after a 0.3 percent decrease in February, which was the first and biggest decline in nearly a year. Compared to March last year retail sales increased 5.2 percent. Economists had forecast retail sales slipping 0.1 percent. Excluding automobiles, gasoline, building materials and food services, retail sales rebounded 0.5 percent last month after falling 0.2 percent in February. These so-called core retail sales correspond most closely with the consumer spending component of gross domestic product. Despite last month's rebound in core retail sales, consumer spending likely braked sharply in the first quarter after growing at a brisk 3.5 percent annualized rate in the final three months of 2016. The apparent slowdown in consumption is partly blamed on the late disbursement of income tax refunds by the government as it sought to combat fraud. The Atlanta Fed lowered its first-quarter GDP estimate by one-tenth of a percentage point to a 0.5 percent rate, which would be the weakest performance in three years. The economy grew at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter. With job growth averaging 178,000 per month in the first quarter, the anticipated slowdown in GDP likely understates the health of the economy. First-quarter GDP tends to be weaker because of calculation problems that the government has acknowledged and is working to resolve. Retail sales last month were undercut by a 1.2 percent tumble in receipts at auto dealerships. It was the third straight monthly drop in auto sales. Lower gasoline prices also undermined retail through a 1.0 percent drop in receipts at service stations. POCKETS OF STRENGTH A 1.5 percent plunge in sales at building material stores was also a drag. But electronics and appliances store sales recorded their biggest rise since June 2015. Receipts at clothing stores increased by the most in a year, despite declining mall traffic and increased competition from online retailers, led by Amazon.com. Retailers like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Abercrombie & Fitch and Macy's Inc are scaling back on brick-and-mortar operations. U.S. financial markets were closed for the Good Friday holiday. In a separate report, the Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index dropped 0.3 percent in March, the first decline in 13 months and biggest decrease since January 2015 amid falling prices for gasoline and mobile phone services, which offset rising rents and food costs. The CPI nudged up 0.1 percent in February. In the 12 months through March, the CPI rose 2.4 percent, slowing from February's 2.7 percent increase. The so-called core CPI, which strips out food and energy costs, fell 0.1 percent, the first and biggest drop since January 2010, after rising 0.2 percent in February. The year-on-year increase in the core CPI slowed to 2.0 percent, the smallest advance since November 2015, from 2.2 percent in February. "We don't think this is enough to cause the Fed to swerve from their stated desire to continue gradually increasing the funds rate, though it may embolden the doves' rhetoric," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York The Fed has a 2 percent inflation target and tracks an inflation measure which is at 1.8 percent. The U.S. central bank lifted its overnight interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more hikes this year. A 6.2 percent drop in gasoline prices was the biggest factor in the monthly decline in the CPI, which was also weighed down by a record 7.0 percent plunge in the cost of wireless telephone services. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
T20CRICKET LEAGUE Firstpost . Saturday, April 15, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics BJP to make Odisha a laboratory for welfare schemes: Dharmendra Pradhan ahead of national executive meet After Uttar Pradesh, BJP focus on Odisha, West Bengal: States crucial in sealing party fate in 2019 polls BJP National Executive Meet today: Amit Shah in Bhubaneshwar gets 2 lotus garlands, one tagged with 21, another 147 BJP National Executive Meet: Modi begins counter moves even before Opposition unity takes shape Kerala: How the rift between CPI and CPM is deepening over state govt's functioning BJP national executive meet: Narendra Modi, Amit Shah make Odisha intent clear, seek to dislodge BJD in 2019 Sports IAAF chief Sebastian Coe to visit India in July for Asian Athletics Championships Live Singapore Superseries, badminton scores and updates: Kidambi Srikanth, B Sai Praneeth in semifinal action IPL 2017: Kolkata Knight Riders take on Sunrisers Hyderabad with revenge on their minds Premier League: Chelsea face Manchester United with Tottenham in hot pursuit, City tackle Southampton Watch: Cricketwallah Ayaz Memon analyses IPL 2017 MI vs SRH and other clashes of the week Singapore Superseries: PV Sindhu could not match aggressive Carolina Marin in any department India Meerut-Lucknow Rajya Rani Express derails near Rampur in UP; Suresh Prabhu announces Rs 50,000 aid for injured Narendra Modi in Nagpur pays tributes to Ambedkar, launches BHIM-Aadhar schemes UP: Eight coaches of Meerut-Lucknow Rajya Rani Express derail near Rampur, 2 injured Obituary: Former J&K governor Girish Saxena was a gentleman who brought Valley back from the brink Sri Lanka rubbish dump landslide kills six, engulfs dozens of houses | Reuters Manohar Parrikar says Kashmir took a toll on him as defence minister World 'Mother of All Bombs' attack: Number of Islamic State fighters killed rises to 90, say Afghan officials Donald Trump condemns Egypt attack, calls terrorism one of gravest threats to religious freedom Weekend Trump fix: Bannon, big bomb, more palace intrigue, angry voters Trump administration drops North Carolina 'bathroom bill' lawsuit | Reuters Palestinian fatally stabs British woman on Jerusalem train | Reuters Brooklyn, not Manhattan, is new darling of New York housing market Business Archies' has rallied with new investment; now will the brand gift itself a makeover? Digital transactions shoot up 23 times post note ban to 64 lakh BHIM-Aadhaar app launched: Here's how govt's referral bonus and cashback schemes will benefit you Lucky Grahak: Mobile EMI fetches Rs 1-cr bonanza for student from Maharashtra Digital India: SBI targets transactions worth Rs 1 lakh crore India's choked airports: Why the govt needs to speed up aviation infra development Life Meet Miss Imsong: Dispeller of stereotypes about the Northeast How Queer Muslims are navigating the twin challenges posed by religion and sexuality Ambedkar Jayanti 2017: Here's a look at Dalit History Month to explore forgotten narratives Vishu: The traditions, importance and history associated with Kerala's New Year festival What is Good Friday, and what is its significance in the Easter Week for Christians? Ambedkar Jayanti 2017: A look at the life of Dalits through Sudharak Olwe's lens Entertainment Star Wars: The Last Jedi trailer reveals ominous message about the end of the Jedi Director's cut: Aparna Sen talks about her film Sonata, friendship, love, desire and censorship Meet Miss Imsong: Dispeller of stereotypes about the Northeast Short films are experimenting with storytelling in a way Bollywood can't, or won't Mister movie review : Sreenu Vaitla's attempt to 'reinvent' his style is a chaotic mess Pa Paandi movie review: Dhanush's directorial debut, starring Rajkiran, is the perfect summer release Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी IPL 2017 You are here: Latest News Fwire News U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first-quarter growth | Reuters U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first-quarter growth | Reuters FwireReutersApr, 14 2017 22:15:06 IST #Reuters By Lucia Mutikani | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, underscoring the magnitude of the loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter.But with the labor market near full employment, Friday's weak reports failed to change views that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates again in June. Economists expect a rebound in both retail sales and monthly inflation. "For the Fed, the underlying momentum is more important in terms of policy decisions, and that looks to be strong, supported by a tightening labor market, rising incomes and high consumer confidence," said Gregory Daco, head of U.S. macroeconomics at Oxford Economics in New York.The Commerce Department said retail sales dropped 0.2 percent last month after a 0.3 percent decrease in February, which was the first and biggest decline in nearly a year. Compared to March last year retail sales increased 5.2 percent. Economists had forecast retail sales slipping 0.1 percent. Excluding automobiles, gasoline, building materials and food services, retail sales rebounded 0.5 percent last month after falling 0.2 percent in February. These so-called core retail sales correspond most closely with the consumer spending component of gross domestic product.Despite last month's rebound in core retail sales, consumer spending likely braked sharply in the first quarter after growing at a brisk 3.5 percent annualized rate in the final three months of 2016. The apparent slowdown in consumption is partly blamed on the late disbursement of income tax refunds by the government as it sought to combat fraud. The Atlanta Fed lowered its first-quarter GDP estimate by one-tenth of a percentage point to a 0.5 percent rate, which would be the weakest performance in three years. The economy grew at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter.With job growth averaging 178,000 per month in the first quarter, the anticipated slowdown in GDP likely understates the health of the economy. First-quarter GDP tends to be weaker because of calculation problems that the government has acknowledged and is working to resolve.Retail sales last month were undercut by a 1.2 percent tumble in receipts at auto dealerships. It was the third straight monthly drop in auto sales. Lower gasoline prices also undermined retail through a 1.0 percent drop in receipts at service stations.POCKETS OF STRENGTH A 1.5 percent plunge in sales at building material stores was also a drag. But electronics and appliances store sales recorded their biggest rise since June 2015. Receipts at clothing stores increased by the most in a year, despite declining mall traffic and increased competition from online retailers, led by Amazon.com. Retailers like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Abercrombie & Fitch and Macy's Inc are scaling back on brick-and-mortar operations.U.S. financial markets were closed for the Good Friday holiday. In a separate report, the Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index dropped 0.3 percent in March, the first decline in 13 months and biggest decrease since January 2015 amid falling prices for gasoline and mobile phone services, which offset rising rents and food costs.The CPI nudged up 0.1 percent in February. In the 12 months through March, the CPI rose 2.4 percent, slowing from February's 2.7 percent increase. The so-called core CPI, which strips out food and energy costs, fell 0.1 percent, the first and biggest drop since January 2010, after rising 0.2 percent in February. The year-on-year increase in the core CPI slowed to 2.0 percent, the smallest advance since November 2015, from 2.2 percent in February. "We don't think this is enough to cause the Fed to swerve from their stated desire to continue gradually increasing the funds rate, though it may embolden the doves' rhetoric," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York The Fed has a 2 percent inflation target and tracks an inflation measure which is at 1.8 percent. The U.S. central bank lifted its overnight interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more hikes this year. A 6.2 percent drop in gasoline prices was the biggest factor in the monthly decline in the CPI, which was also weighed down by a record 7.0 percent plunge in the cost of wireless telephone services. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 14, 2017 10:15 pm | Updated Date: Apr 14, 2017 10:15 pm Also See Pirates hijack Indian vessel off coast of Somalia | Reuters As Israeli settlement growth slows, some drift away | Reuters Another train derails at New York's Penn Station, one injured | Reuters Under pressure, Snapdeal woos staff with promises of profit | Reuters T20 LEAGUE SCHEDULE Match Date Details 1 Apr 15 KKR Vs SRH 2 Apr 15 DD Vs KXIP 3 Apr 16 MI Vs GL 4 Apr 16 RCB Vs RPS 5 Apr 17 DD Vs KKR Full Schedule Top Stories How Queer Muslims are navigating the twin challenges posed by religion and sexuality BJP Meet in Odisha: After Congress Rout, PM Aims for Opposition-mukt East India Kerala: How the rift between CPI and CPM is deepening over state govt's functioning Begum Jaan's message about rape and its survivors is deeply troubling: Here's why Five things to prepare yourself for the next financial year Turning India into a land only for Hindus goes against our nation, writes ex-FS Nirupama Rao IPL 2017: Andrew Tye added class and guile to Gujarat Lions' pedestrian bowling attack BHIM-Aadhaar app launched: Here's how govt's referral bonus and cashback schemes will benefit you Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ Vs PNE Gujarat Lions beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 7 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 4 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 5 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 30 runs Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL Vs PUN Kolkata Knight Riders beat Kings XI Punjab by 8 wickets Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 UAE Vs PNG United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM Vs HYD Mumbai Indians beat Sunrisers Hyderabad by 4 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs DEL Delhi Daredevils beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 97 runs Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI Vs PAK Pakistan beat West Indies by 6 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN Vs BLR Kings XI Punjab beat Royal Challengers Bangalore by 8 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs HYD - Apr 15th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs PUN - Apr 15th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 MUM vs GUJ - Apr 16th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs PNE - Apr 16th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 DEL vs KOL - Apr 17th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs PUN - Apr 17th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs BLR - Apr 18th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs DEL - Apr 19th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs MUM - Apr 20th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 KOL vs GUJ - Apr 21st, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India IPL 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Moab Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal News Sci/Tech WRAPUP 3-U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak Q1 growth Shares1 Fri, 14 Apr 2017-10:07pm , Reuters U.S. retail sales fell for a second straight month in March and consumer prices dropped for the first time in just over a year, underscoring the magnitude of the loss of economic growth momentum in the first quarter. But with the labor market near full employment, Friday's weak reports failed to change views that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates again in June. Economists expect a rebound in both retail sales and monthly inflation. "For the Fed, the underlying momentum is more important in terms of policy decisions, and that looks to be strong, supported by a tightening labor market, rising incomes and high consumer confidence," said Gregory Daco, head of U.S. macroeconomics at Oxford Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said retail sales dropped 0.2 percent last month after a 0.3 percent decrease in February, which was the first and biggest decline in nearly a year. Compared to March last year retail sales increased 5.2 percent. Economists had forecast retail sales slipping 0.1 percent. Excluding automobiles, gasoline, building materials and food services, retail sales rebounded 0.5 percent last month after falling 0.2 percent in February. These so-called core retail sales correspond most closely with the consumer spending component of gross domestic product. Despite last month's rebound in core retail sales, consumer spending likely braked sharply in the first quarter after growing at a brisk 3.5 percent annualized rate in the final three months of 2016. The apparent slowdown in consumption is partly blamed on the late disbursement of income tax refunds by the government as it sought to combat fraud. The Atlanta Fed lowered its first-quarter GDP estimate by one-tenth of a percentage point to a 0.5 percent rate, which would be the weakest performance in three years. The economy grew at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter. With job growth averaging 178,000 per month in the first quarter, the anticipated slowdown in GDP likely understates the health of the economy. First-quarter GDP tends to be weaker because of calculation problems that the government has acknowledged and is working to resolve. Retail sales last month were undercut by a 1.2 percent tumble in receipts at auto dealerships. It was the third straight monthly drop in auto sales. Lower gasoline prices also undermined retail through a 1.0 percent drop in receipts at service stations. POCKETS OF STRENGTH A 1.5 percent plunge in sales at building material stores was also a drag. But electronics and appliances store sales recorded their biggest rise since June 2015. Receipts at clothing stores increased by the most in a year, despite declining mall traffic and increased competition from online retailers, led by Amazon.com. Retailers like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Abercrombie & Fitch and Macy's Inc are scaling back on brick-and-mortar operations. U.S. financial markets were closed for the Good Friday holiday. In a separate report, the Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index dropped 0.3 percent in March, the first decline in 13 months and biggest decrease since January 2015 amid falling prices for gasoline and mobile phone services, which offset rising rents and food costs. The CPI nudged up 0.1 percent in February. In the 12 months through March, the CPI rose 2.4 percent, slowing from February's 2.7 percent increase. The so-called core CPI, which strips out food and energy costs, fell 0.1 percent, the first and biggest drop since January 2010, after rising 0.2 percent in February. The year-on-year increase in the core CPI slowed to 2.0 percent, the smallest advance since November 2015, from 2.2 percent in February. "We don't think this is enough to cause the Fed to swerve from their stated desire to continue gradually increasing the funds rate, though it may embolden the doves' rhetoric," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York The Fed has a 2 percent inflation target and tracks an inflation measure which is at 1.8 percent. The U.S. central bank lifted its overnight interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more hikes this year. A 6.2 percent drop in gasoline prices was the biggest factor in the monthly decline in the CPI, which was also weighed down by a record 7.0 percent plunge in the cost of wireless telephone services. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Smartphone addiction may lead to social and personal problems: Study Sci/Tech Delhi: Himmat app relaunched with new features to increase women's safety Sci/Tech Google introduces 'style ideas' feature on Image Search Sci/Tech Saturn moon Enceladus could sustain alien life: NASA Sci/Tech Apple may have a secret team working on sensors for treating diabetes Sci/Tech Over 1.2 billion people active users per month: Facebook Messenger Live Cricket Score Kolkata Knight Riders vs Sunrisers Hyderabad Sat, 15 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related No more eggs: Twitter does away with iconic default profile pic Samsung unveils S8 smartphones with virtual assistant Samsung faces 'biggest test' with Galaxy S8 launch Video WATCH: This adorable red panda ambitiously fights.... a rock! WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding View all Tags New York Abercrombie & Fitch Atlanta Fed Federal Reserve U. S. Amazon Commerce Department Consumer Price Index J. C. Penney Co Inc Labor Department Macy Inc Oxford Economics SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News HC asks railways to compensate woman who lost legs in mishap Former NFLer Heap kills daughter in accident in Arizona - media Arkansas' multiple execution plan in limbo after rulings BJP eyes eastern push as executive meet begins in Bhubaneswar French presidential race tightens further as vote looms Sport Cook will need to fire for England for at least four more years, says writer Berry Happy to chat with Kohli, buy him lemonade off the field, says Lyon Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, April 15 Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, April 15 Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, April 15 Entertainment Stevie Wonder to tie the knot with Tomeeka Bracy in June Bharathiraja never accepted me as a good actor: Rajinikanth Harry Styles reveals title, track list of debut solo album 'Neerja' was Sonam, Sonam was Neerja Anil Kapoor happy on movie's National Award win Gina Rodriguez to voice Carmen Sandiego on new animated series Money Grains: In a mixed pattern of trading, wheat prices Select edible oils remain weak on low demand; adequate stocks Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on The new owner of Mallya's Kingfisher Villa, Sachin Joshi, returns India Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Saturday, April 15th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sales tax revenue is up, but officials still... 10:55 p.m. Fri Congregants perform stations of cross today ... 10:55 p.m. Fri Thousands attend tonight's Easter event at C... 10:55 p.m. Fri West Side man accused of slapping deputy 9:55 p.m. Fri Austintown boy turns fundraiser into gift fo... 9:55 p.m. Fri 12 apply for Boardman chief job 9:55 p.m. Fri 2 women, man arrested in prostitution sting ... 9:55 p.m. Fri all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Stocks close lower for third time in 3 days | Print Tweet Published: Fri, April 14, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. Associated Press Investors were in a selling mood at the end of a mostly subdued week of trading, sending U.S. stocks lower for the third day in a row Thursday. Energy stocks led the broad decline, which gathered momentum in the final hour of trading ahead of the long Easter holiday weekend. The slide marked the lowest close for the stock market since Feb. 13 and came on a day when several major banks reported their latest quarterly results, kicking off the company earnings season. Traders also weighed the potential for rising geopolitical tensions following news that the U.S. attacked an Islamic State tunnel complex in eastern Afghanistan with the largest nonnuclear weapon ever used in combat by the U.S. military. Bond yields continued to drop. Gold surged to its highest level since early November. “Investors have plenty of reasons to be cautious and have become more cautious in recent weeks,” said Erik Davidson, chief investment officer at Wells Fargo Private Bank. “The market had a great run, and it just hasn’t been given a lot of reasons for much follow-through on that.” The decline deepened the market’s losses for the month. Bond prices edged higher. The yield on the benchmark U.S. 10-year note fell to 2.23 percent from 2.24 percent late Wednesday. Gold, often sought out by investors in times of global uncertainty, climbed $10.60 to $1,285.90 an ounce. Oil prices inched higher as traders shrugged off a report by the International Energy Agency said that demand growth for oil will slow for a second-consecutive year this year. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 7 cents to close at $53.18 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 3 cents to close at $55.89 per barrel in London. Even so, energy stocks fell sharply, led by Chesapeake Energy. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, shedding 26 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $5.89. After a week of mostly subdued trading without major new economic data or company news, investors got a look at the first batch of big bank earnings Thursday. Several banks reported better-than-expected results thanks to improved revenue from trading and rising interest rates. That gave the stocks a boost early on, but their gains faded. Citigroup slipped 47 cents to $58.04, while JPMorgan Chase shed $1, or 1.2 percent, to $84.40. PNC Financial Services slid 20 cents to $115.80. “A lot of investors were looking through the earnings releases today and trying to get a sense of demand for loans, and I don’t think they’re liking what they’re seeing,” Davidson said. Other stories of interest January sales, use tax revenue up in Mahoning Valley, but losses looming Pending housing sales in March up year over year BUSINESS DIGEST || Cruze production to be scaled back Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Nikkei licks wounds near 4-month low, spooked by North Korea worries Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Apr 13, 2017 | 11:28pm EDT Nikkei licks wounds near 4-month low, spooked by North Korea worries * Rising tension over North Korea keeps investors sidelined * Bank shares hit by falling bond yields * Investors hedge against tail risk by buying put options By Hideyuki Sano TOKYO, April 14 Japanese shares licked their wounds near four-month lows on Friday as rising tensions in the Korean peninsular and other parts of the world threatened investors' bullish expectations on the global and the Japanese economy. "There's been nothing to cheer about over the last 24 hours. Geopolitical tensions seem to be rising all over the place," said Masahiro Ayukai, senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities. Nikkei dropped 0.3 percent in morning trade to 18,364.68, hovering just above Thursday's four-month low and having fallen more than 6 percent in the past month. Although their retreat has brought down the Nikkei's valuation to reasonable levels -- just above 15 times its earnings -- rising geopolitical uncertainties are raising doubts about whether such estimates are reasonable. Investors fear North Korea may conduct a nuclear test or other actions that could provoke neighbouring countries as early as Saturday, when the reclusive state celebrates the birthday of the country's founding president. The Pentagon on Thursday declined to comment on an NBC report that the United States is prepared to launch a pre-emptive conventional weapons strike should officials be convinced North Korea was about to follow through with a nuclear weapons test. News that the United States dropped "the mother of all bombs", the largest non-nuclear device it has ever unleashed in combat, in Afghanistan on Thursday only soured investor mood further. The broader Topix dropped 0.5 percent, touching its lowest level in almost five months. It has fallen 3.4 percent so far this month, led by falls in large-cap financial shares, which have been hurt by falling bond yields globally. Investors were selling shares that they once believed would benefit from U.S. President Donald Trump's stimulus and deregulation policies, as they grew disenchanted with the prospects that he could push them through the Congress quickly. Investors are also trying to protect against sudden fall in stock prices by buying put options, the price of which rises when the price of underlying assets falls. The implied volatility of the Nikkei hit a five-month high of 24.3 percent on Thursday and last stood at 22 percent. The volatility gap between the Nikkei's puts and calls has widened to its highest level since June last year to 8.8 percentage point on Thursday, said Michiro Naito, executive director of equity derivative strategies at JPMorgan. It eased back on Friday but still remained elevated at 7.4 percent, compared to around 4 percent just three weeks ago, he said, suggesting investors are very much concerned about downside risks. "There's been an amazing rush to hedge against tail risks," Naito said. (Editing by Sam Holmes) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-United changes crew booking policy after passenger dragged off plane April 14 United Airlines said on Friday it is changing its policy on booking its own flight crews onto its planes after a man was dragged off an overbooked flight to make way for a United employee on Sunday, video of which went viral and made the airline the target of global criticism and ridicule. United changes crew booking policy after passenger dragged off plane April 14 United Airlines said on Friday it is changing its policy on booking its own flight crews onto its planes after a man was dragged off an overbooked flight to make way for a United employee on Sunday, video of which went viral and made the airline the target of global criticism and ridicule. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Nikkei licks wounds near 4-month low, spooked by North Korea worries By Reuters Published: 23:32 EDT, 13 April 2017 | Updated: 23:32 EDT, 13 April 2017 e-mail By Hideyuki Sano TOKYO, April 14 (Reuters) - Japanese shares licked their wounds near four-month lows on Friday as rising tensions in the Korean peninsular and other parts of the world threatened investors' bullish expectations on the global and the Japanese economy. "There's been nothing to cheer about over the last 24 hours. Geopolitical tensions seem to be rising all over the place," said Masahiro Ayukai, senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities. Nikkei dropped 0.3 percent in morning trade to 18,364.68, hovering just above Thursday's four-month low and having fallen more than 6 percent in the past month. Although their retreat has brought down the Nikkei's valuation to reasonable levels -- just above 15 times its earnings -- rising geopolitical uncertainties are raising doubts about whether such estimates are reasonable. Investors fear North Korea may conduct a nuclear test or other actions that could provoke neighbouring countries as early as Saturday, when the reclusive state celebrates the birthday of the country's founding president. The Pentagon on Thursday declined to comment on an NBC report that the United States is prepared to launch a pre-emptive conventional weapons strike should officials be convinced North Korea was about to follow through with a nuclear weapons test. News that the United States dropped "the mother of all bombs", the largest non-nuclear device it has ever unleashed in combat, in Afghanistan on Thursday only soured investor mood further. The broader Topix dropped 0.5 percent, touching its lowest level in almost five months. It has fallen 3.4 percent so far this month, led by falls in large-cap financial shares, which have been hurt by falling bond yields globally. Investors were selling shares that they once believed would benefit from U.S. President Donald Trump's stimulus and deregulation policies, as they grew disenchanted with the prospects that he could push them through the Congress quickly. Investors are also trying to protect against sudden fall in stock prices by buying put options, the price of which rises when the price of underlying assets falls. The implied volatility of the Nikkei hit a five-month high of 24.3 percent on Thursday and last stood at 22 percent. The volatility gap between the Nikkei's puts and calls has widened to its highest level since June last year to 8.8 percentage point on Thursday, said Michiro Naito, executive director of equity derivative strategies at JPMorgan. It eased back on Friday but still remained elevated at 7.4 percent, compared to around 4 percent just three weeks ago, he said, suggesting investors are very much concerned about downside risks. "There's been an amazing rush to hedge against tail risks," Naito said. (Editing by Sam Holmes) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'My baby and me after nap time': Janet Jackson shares first photo of newborn son Eissa... after estranged husband shares amorous note Adorable PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini boss! Rihanna parades around in tiny two-piece and sips wine after treating her staff to lavish work retreat in Mexico 'Where is Pez?' Little Mix star Perrie Edwards worries followers by temporarily deactivating her Instagram account... after begging fans to delete pictures  Jamiroquai keyboard player Toby Smith dies aged 46, after 'secretly battling cancer for years' News revealed by lead singer Jay Kay, 47 His Wonderwall! David Beckham shares video of son Cruz playing guitar... before downing uni shots together Proud dad Ruff day! Amanda Holden 'left furious with the parents of a cheeky 8-year-old comedian who called her a DOG during Britain's Got Talent audition' Highlighter-haired Kylie Jenner flashes Spanx in $39 PrettyLittleThing mini-dress at Palm Springs bash Tad too short Loose Women presenter Stacey Solomon's 'lingerie and nude snaps leaked online' in latest hacking scandal... just one day after Alex Jones furore 'They should be ashamed': Gogglebox viewers' anger at Ellie and Izzi and Channel 4 for saying United Airlines 'would make a good Snapchat story' PICTURED: Newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh cuddles up to rugby hunk Thom Evans at fitness bash in LA... after splitting from tiler boyfriend 'Family is everything!': Beaming Kerry Katona spends quality time with her children and husband George Kay over Easter Smiles all round 'I love you so much': Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana posts amorous note after recent birth of their son and failed marriage 'It's taken ten years off you!' Twitter goes wild for Nadia Sawalha's new look as she straightens her curls for the first time on Loose Women Glam transformation 'I'm no scapegoat!' TOWIE's Chloe Sims warns trolls after receiving hate online about her involvement in Megan McKenna and Pete Wicks' split Can't mesh with her! Hailee Steinfeld rocks Coachella bash in thigh-high boots and see-through top Daring ensemble Their first Coachella! Paris Hilton flashes cleavage in multicolored maxi dress as she walks hand-in-hand with boyfriend Chris Zylka Inseparable Not such a Good Friday: Zara Tindall falls off her horse after negotiating a tricky water jump and has to be checked over by medical staff at an event in Norfolk SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna confronts nemesis Chloe Sims at the Easter Ball... after THAT explosive row with Pete Wicks on The Only Way Is Essex 'Thank you Luna!' Kim Kardashian gushes over 'cutest' Easter baskets given to her children from Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Retail therapy! Kate Upton shops in eye-catching leopard print leggings in LA... after claiming 'this week just kicked my a**' Beauty therapy Turned Up! Christina Milian flaunts toned legs in Daisy Dukes at PrettyLittleThing x PAPER magazine gala in Palm Springs 'Sculpting': Katy Perry shows off ultra trim figure during gym workout session in Instagram clip Tip-top shape 'I don't have a thigh gap and I'm still beautiful': Demi Lovato shows off her legs as she shares body positive post Empowerment Table for five! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take kids out for relaxed dinner in Malibu Stepping out Catherine Zeta-Jones nails boho chic with $3,800 Chanel graffiti bag as she arrives at New York's JFK airport with husband Michael Douglas Lucky brake! James Corden narrowly misses being hit by a truck after viewing a house under construction with his wife Julia in LA Lucky escape FIRST LOOK: Carrie Fisher as General Leia in The Last Jedi revealed... as Disney confirms she will NOT be in Episode IX despite brother's claims 'Coachella ella': Shanina Shaik dons skimpy attire and Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage as stars arrive for desert music festival Looked sensational The Weeknd, Sean 'Diddy' Combs and French Montana among surprise performers set to hit the stage at Coachella She's just a girl! Gwen Stefani keeps it low-key in track jacket and jeans on shopping trip with son Apollo Retail therapy Been Up All Night? Sleepy Liam Payne leaves a London studio wearing a HUGE gold chain as he and Cheryl adjust to new parenthood 'It drives her mad!': Philip Schofield admits Holly Willoughby is fed up of rumours she is pregnant... after sparking speculation by taking sick leave from This Morning Kate Wright flaunts her ample bust in an extremely plunging crop top as she holidays in Dubai... as she puts her toe woes behind her Wore plunging black top Pregnant Olympian Laura Kenny shows off her blossoming baby bump in a stretchy black top as she grabs lunch with friends  Expecting her first child 'Trying to look glamorous is harder than it looks!' Pregnant Binky Felstead proudly shows off her blossoming baby bump in swimwear snap Paris Jackson enjoys family dinner with brother Blanket... after sharing her fears he had been left to live alone Out in public despite fears for his safety Harry Styles' first solo single scores number one spot in the charts... but 'still only achieves half the opening week success of Zayn Malik's debut' Cara Delevingne debuts subtle pink locks as she wraps up warm while resuming filming for romantic drama Life In A Year Kooky new look Charlotte Crosby flaunts her fantastic gym-honed figure and flat stomach in a green crossover bikini in her latest sizzling snap Geordie phwoar! Between the sheets! Home And Away actress Pia Miller strips down to her underpants in a sultry bedroom snap taken by her boyfriend Tyson Mullane 'It's gettin real!': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share a smooch while posing proudly with pink cake they made for daughter Luna's 1st birthday 'The hardest question of all': Ruby Rose gets stuck when online survey asks 'male or female?' after revealing she identifies as gender fluid He's left me at 70 - how can I survive on my own?  BEL MOONEY helps a woman whose officer-and-gentleman husband is divorcing her Slender Mel C stuns in side-split midi dress as she takes to the stage for passionate final tour performance in Dublin The singer, 43, showed off her fit physique 'Being a mum makes me so content': Helen Flanagan reveals she 'definitely' wants more children with Scott Sinclair... and now finds Corrie more enjoyable 'Why are they trying to ruin it for me?': Danielle Lloyd hits back at Maria Fowler and Nicola McLean's 'vendetta' against her after they accused her of staging her baby gender reveal EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight and threatened with a butcher knife, Ashley Graham reveals the demons that dogged her 'Coachella vibin'': Ashley Graham lounges topless by the pool in Palm Springs She seemed ready for a weekend of relaxation, lounging poolside A Strictly reunion: Daisy Lowe shows off her taut midriff in a sleek boob tube as she is reunited with former dancing co-star Louise Redknapp She's Heard it's on-trend: Amber debuts bubblegum pink hair... as she's pictured for the first time since leaving awards bash early following an emergency The angels have landed at Coachella! Jasmine Tookes and Romee Strijd live it up at the Victoria's Secret 'oasis'  It' s hot there! Oops she did it again! Britney Spears shows off toned torso in hot pink bikini as she hits beach on Hawaiian vacation On the shores of Kauai Fans accuse model Shanina Shaik of 'cultural appropriation' after she debuts braided hairstyle for Coachella festival Victoria's Secret star Juggling act! Zoe Saldana carries newborn son Zen before taking a call on LA outing with husband Marco Perego Letting her hair down! Kylie Jenner parties in Coachella without ex Tyga...as they both travel separately to music festival just days after split Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes svelte torso in skimpy ensemble as she parties at Coachella  Rocking a bohemian chic crop top and jeans I find YOU the beast of Broadchurch! TV's addictively baffling crime series ends on Monday. Here, with forensic wit, JUDGE JAN MOIR names her culprit 'I wept as I wrote it!' Broadchurch writer promises a 'dark and emotional' end to the ITV drama on Easter Monday... and admits regretting ending it Rich kids of Coachella! Sofia Richie jets off in helicopter with gal pals as celebrities head to desert music festival in style Back to the desert again 'Tears of sadness': Emotional Danniella Westbrook shares Instagram snap admitting she 'needs to break in order to rebuild' while in rehab in Spain 'Holy Boobies': Coco Austin flaunts her ample assets in plunging tight maxi dress on Instagram The wife of Ice-T directed her fans to a new firm Ab fab! Serena Williams displays her chiseled figure in barely-there neon yellow bikini 'Just because' Showed off her VERY athletic physique Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Beyonce jets off to Bora Bora with Jay Z for 'low key' holiday at private island The holiday coincides with their anniversary 'She would work her butt off': Cate Blanchett used Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer while she filmed new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok After seeing his work Vanessa Hudgens kicks off Coachella weekend by going topless poolside in Palm Springs She showcased her fit 5ft1in bikini body 'You are pure love and joy!' Shannen Doherty pays birthday tribute to Sarah Michelle Gellar with sweet snap She just celebrated an Aries birthday herself Make-up free Daisy Lowe looks stylish in leather biker jacket as she arrives back in London after trip to New York She's been Stateside 'When the yoga position fails!': Little Mix beauty Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her VERY peachy posterior in a thong bikini She sure is flexible Newly single Cara De La Hoyde puts her woes to one side to film TOWIE with Georgia Kousoulou... hours after confirming split with Nathan Massey 'Happy Easter': Candice Swanepoel shares adorable snaps of six-month-old son wearing knit bunny hat Hopping mad Johnny Depp joins rally against Arkansas' rushed plans to put to death seven inmates by end of April - as drug supplier says its injection wasn't meant for execution 'He'd give it another go': TOWIE's Chris Clark is 'hoping for a reunion' with Jesy Nelson when she returns to the UK... after 'breaking up with her over the phone' Ready for anything! Eva Longoria brings wine and a pillow along for romantic getaway with husband José Bastón Wine O'Clock for the 42-year-old 'It's helped my vocal range': X Factor's James Arthur reveals his nose job has made him a better singer... as he performs his new single Can I Be Him live on The One Show Busty Charli XCX showcases her enviable assets and washboard stomach in a skimpy black bikini and jeans in sizzling selfie Mirror selfies 'Oh no!': Cara Delevingne debuts colourful pixie crop as she chops off her locks while filming new drama Life In A Year Sharing a Snapchat story Ben Affleck 'preparing to move out of family guest house' as divorce from Jennifer Garner proceeds He is preparing to move into his own place 'Like cuddling our princess again': Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford hug Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd 'DejaVuAllOverAgain,' Hamill tagged his post Star Wars' fans excitement as trailer for The Last Jedi premieres - but it gives little hint of what to expect and only a brief glimpse of Princess Leia SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: All the fun of the fair for cheeky little Mia Tindall as she watches her mother compete in horse trials  Looked adorable Ashley James shows off her enviably toned stomach in skimpy mesh lingerie as she soaks up the sun ahead of Coachella Festival in LA Frail Yoko Ono raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats privately with a young man in her first public outing in months 'New York vibes': Blac Chyna sports a red velvet tracksuit as she jets into the Big Apple for nightclub appearance She is a busy mum  Working it! Nicole Murphy displays her flawless figure in a sports bra as she she exercises in the heat She paired her colorful bra with tight trousers Karrueche Tran flaunts her bodacious behind in nude-colored thong bikini for fun-filled beach day in Miami It was all fun in the sun for Karrueche, 28 All star abs! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably flat stomach while rocking sporty sweatsuit She always has a winning look Sealed with an 'H'! Meghan Markle steps out wearing ANOTHER piece of jewellery with Prince Harry's initial on after the royal flew out for Easter with her SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Royal charity splits with Charles's 'Steel Magnolia' divorce lawyer  Fiona Shackleton  Makeup-free Amy Adams looks relaxed in casual chic as she enjoys day out with husband and daughter She recently ran the gamut of the awards  All bundled up! Hilary Duff throws denim jacket over colorful hoodie out and about in New York City She didn't take any chances BGT contestant Jess Robinson shocks Simon Cowell as she flawlessly impersonates Cheryl in incredible audition  Shocked Simon and wowed the audience Miami mami! Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her tiny waist and bodacious booty in a thong bikini as she makes a splash with Little Mix in Florida Katie Price opts for bold sunglasses and fluffy slippers as she enjoys day out in the sun with a friend Can't get enough of the sunshine Abs-olutely fabulous! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts trim pins and incredible abs in a tiny black bikini Kiwi-born beauty made her debut last year She's picture perfect! Ryan Reynolds takes candid snaps of wife Blake Lively including VERY close up shot of her chest On a tropical holiday 'My daughter can't stand to be around her f***ing father!': Mama June has a showdown with Sugar Bear and his new wife 'I'm always kind of curious': Robert Pattinson admits he is interested in reprising his role as Edward Cullen in a 'radical' Twilight spin-off 'It was chaos': Warren Beatty on THAT Oscars mix up, whether You're So Vain is really about him and the claim he's slept with 13,000 women Now for a drink! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick visit Malibu's Soho House after a day with their three kids Officially outnumbered Angelina Jolie 'splashes out $25 million' on a sprawling Hollywood estate with six bedrooms and 10 bathrooms... as she moves on from Brad Pitt 'I miss his laughter': Elvis Presley's ex-wife Priscilla reflects on the singer 40 years after his death... and claims The King would NEVER have been on Facebook 'We couldn't be happier!' Jeff Goldblum, 64, and wife Emilie Livingston, 34, proudly announce birth of baby boy Married three years ago Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei shows off MAJOR cleavage as she tries out a daring new bra in playful video clip An eye-popping display for the followers 'You look like an egghead': Christine Lampard jibes Les Dennis as he shaves his head live on Loose Women ahead of his new musical role SPOILER ALERT: Numerous rappers surprise fans as it's announced they are set to take the stage at Coachella Kicked off on Friday Jennifer Aniston's half-brother AJ pictured trudging around with new girlfriend after 'abandoning' two children... as Friends star parades around Paris on luxury trip Shirtless Mark Wright shows off his rippling six-pack and bulging biceps as he works up a sweat on a jog in LA Mrs Wright is one lucky woman 'Good vibes only!' Lucy Hale brightens up hr morning in a tank top and leggings as she enjoys an iced coffee Her tank top sported the legend Good Vibes Only Look away, Pippa! Vogue Williams posts ANOTHER sizzling underwear snap as Middleton bans the sexy model from her wedding Future sister-in-laws? Natalie Portman looks slim and trim as she enjoys a hike... just two months after giving birth to daughter Amelia Already back to her pre-baby body? Take her to Church: 'Dominatrix' Charlotte parades her curvaceous figure in a very skimpy leotard and thigh-high boots for sex-themed performance 'You wouldn't stop calling!' Matthew Rhys first tried to woo now girlfriend Keri Russell 16 years ago... but she thought he was a 'buffoon' 'Everything is going to be ok!': Sandra Bullock donates $5000 to Beverly Hills Hotel's former pool manager after he falls on hard times Blac Chyna flashes her abs in form-fitting crop top as she steps out with a mystery male friend... after reuniting with Rob Kardashian It's reportedly back on 'I feel blessed to be here': Emotional Lisa Riley dresses up as a Easter bunny to deliver gifts to poorly children during heartbreaking hospital visit 'Sick' Kim Kardashian attends premiere of The Promise but 'doesn't stay for the movie about the Armenian genocide after being taken unwell' Made an early exit 'She's the best parts of the both of us': Chrissy Teigen shares beautiful family portrait for daughter Luna's first birthday It's been one year st. Is that you, Hugh? Madame Tussauds in China unveils waxwork of Wolverine actor Jackman with bizarre GINGER bouffant hairstyle He's Proud-lock of those abs: Made In Chelsea's Ollie works on his tan as he holidays in Miami with his bikini-clad girlfriend Emma Louise Connolly 'No makeup no filters!' Busy Philipps and Michelle Williams show off their natural beauty in glowing selfie It was a very touching caption 'Life is not a movie set!' Rob Lowe's sons Matthew and John Owen tell Ellen about life with their 'manchild' father He got an earful from his two boys Chocolate, pizza, chips and ice cream! Michelle Heaton shows off her rock hard abs in a crop top after enjoying an 'epic treat day' Former Liberty X singer New mother Alex Jones left 'genuinely angry' as fake topless pictures of TV presenter are leaked online She's in the early days of new motherhood Stylish pair! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are a team in jeans and bomber jacket The 40-year-old and the 22-year-old beamed 'An incredible mother:' Heath Ledger's sister Kate praises Michelle Williams for raising daughter Matilda in a 'wonderful environment' You've been framed: Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa wears statement glasses and figure-hugging dress as she touches down at LA airport Très chic! Jennifer Aniston keeps casually cool in long-line camel coat and shades as she enjoys a shopping trip with Justin Theroux in Paris Super size Megan! Miss Fox takes over Manhattan and stretches across Central Park in larger than life new ad The new face  Instagram mummy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter Nutella She enjoyed the spread Cheers to us! Ted Danson, 69, and wife of 22 years Mary Steenburgen enjoy romantic beach vacation in Hawaii They looked very relaxed Blonde bombshell! Model Natalie Roser poses in a VERY skimpy bikini as she celebrates the weekend by hitting the beach  Enviable figure Who needs boys? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows Chris Clark what he's missing as she hits Miami in a bikini amid claims TOWIE star 'dumped her by phone' Lily-Rose Depp rocks a retro Kiss tee as she jets back to LA with beau Ash Stymest after cosy break in Paris A cosy break in Paris, France Hot Legs! Rod Stewart, 71, looks proud as punch as Penny Lancaster, 46, flaunts her toned pins in ripped shorts during a family day out in Beverly Hills TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong displays sensational gym-honed frame in skimpy orange bikini as she gets cosy with hunky beau Daniel Spiller in Dubai EXCLUSIVE 'Summer romance is definitely on the cards': Tallia Storm, 18, moves on from Brooklyn Beckham with a mystery older man in LA Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take turns to spend time with their children... as it emerges they have both asked for joint custody in divorce papers 'You are so perfect': Shirtless Justin Bieber sends fans into meltdown as he displays his new chest tattoos in latest social media selfie So she DOES eat McDonald's! Gwyneth's Goop lifestyle site issues readers with advice on what to order at fast food chains (but there's no fries...) That's a Lott of colour! Pink-haired Pixie shows off her vibrant hair as she leaves TV studios... after unveiling new music video for latest single Baby 'I've recorded my character's death': Peter Capaldi confirms he's filmed his final Doctor Who scenes... as he describes the show as a 'TV factory' Babewatch! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample assets and toned tummy in a skimpy red bikini as she hits the beach in the Seychelles  Mama-ste! Lea Thompson and daughter Zoey Deutch hold hands on their way to yoga They have an unbreakable family bond and both love of acting 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles Mel B steps out in sporty ensemble in LA amid bitter divorce battle with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte Sporty Spice Newly-single Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her toned curves in a striped bikini as she hits the pool in LA amid split from from tiler boyfriend Former TOWIE star That's not a selfie, THIS is a selfie! Jason Momoa channels his inner Crocodile Dundee while posing with fans at Bluesfest Byron Bay A big hit with the fans Jemma Lucy flaunts surgically-enhanced assets in skimpy bra and plunging playsuit as she cosies up to 'ex-girlfriend' Chantelle Connelly for night out 'Youth is wasted on the young!' Lily Collins flaunts her toned legs in skinny jeans as she steps out with bold message emblazoned on her camo jacket Leggy Natalie Portman hides her post-pregnancy figure in chic knitted coat as she enjoys romantic stroll with husband Benjamin Millepied First class disguise! Katy Perry hides her head behind enormous envelope... before delivering the goods by revealing her famous features Little Mix's Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a plunging white bikini top as she hits the pool in Miami with her bandmates on a rare day off Diane Kruger commands attention in bright red blazer and patchwork jeans as she makes glamorous laundry run in New York She's only human Ellie Goulding opts for understated style as she leaves New York hotel with Team GB boyfriend Casper Jopling New boyfriend 'We're here in paradise!' Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her age defying figure in minidress as she arrives for Dominican Republic gig Love Island's Olivia Buckland shows some serious cleavage in a low-cut top as she hits the town with fiancé Alex Bowen Still going strong Painting the town red! Bianca Gascoigne oozes sex appeal as she flaunts her busty assets and toned legs in plunging keyhole gown for night out 'He had just two hours' sleeps a night for YEARS': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary of actor's life is set to premiere 'I see the kids doing these kind of pics so...': Kathy Griffin, 56, looks ageless as she poses TOPLESS in a bid to keep up with the youngsters Now you can glow like Chrissy Teigen! The model teamed up with Becca Cosmetics on a gorgeous palette you'll want to wear every day this summer It's had a Bake Over! Paul Hollywood, Sandi Toksvig, Noel Fielding and Prue Leith cosy up in FIRST official photo from Channel 4's new GBBO Charli XCX looks kooky in an oversized pyjama-style two-piece and tinted specs as she attends 2017 SESAC Pop Awards Loose-fitting look Her little star! Pregnant Danielle Lloyd cradles her blossoming baby bump in a patterned onesie as she pops to the store for a morning grocery run Baby on board! Rugby star Sam Burgess dotes over newborn daughter Poppy with wife Phoebe during casual outing Hoopin' it up! Jimmy Fallon plays basketball as he films Saturday Night Live skit in NYC ahead of hosting first live coast-to-coast show ever Russell Crowe, 53, keeps it casual in a black T-shirt and jeans as he watches South Sydney Rabbitohs lose to the Canterbury Bulldogs  From Chelsea to California: Kimberley Garner shows off her toned tum in a cropped vest as she hits the beach in Santa Monica with her pet pooch   'He had the biggest heart in the world': Paul Walker's brother Cody discusses taking over the late actor's charity following his tragic death in 2013 Plane stunning! Chrissy Teigen shows off her lean legs with heavily ripped jeans and stylish wrap knit as she touches down in Los Angeles Un beau derrière! Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at in Paris Daddy cool! Bradley Cooper sports thick beard and blue shades in first public outing since becoming a father Welcomed his first child this month 'Baby Eric is scared of me': Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda Holden reveals Simon Cowell's son, 3, hasn't taken to her very well  He knows what he likes 'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Like high school again... Meet the millennial Sloanes! How the Chelsea set have swapped pearls and parties for catwalk careers (and you don't need to be posh) 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'coparenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling In Calabasas with her former flame What a swell guy! Chris Hemsworth poses for selfies with fans after the Thor: Ragnarok actor enjoys a Good Friday surf in Byron Bay Hollywood star  EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's brother Cody claims Fast And The Furious 9 'WILL be filmed and set in Australia' 'Long overdue,' he says It begins! Kylie Jenner is among the first to arrive ahead of Coachella as she steps off her private jet in Palm Springs Here she comes Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  No wonder Pippa didn't want Vogue at her wedding! Spencer Matthews' girlfriend Williams shares revealing photo showing off her figure  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying physique in dazzling white bikini as she shares snaps from sun-drenched family holiday Looking good Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cosy up at The Promise premiere Lookalikes? 'She reminds me of Tana': Gordon Ramsay has a floor-to-ceiling picture of CINDY CRAWFORD in his home because he's convinced wife is a doppelgänger Bounced back quick! Amanda Seyfried shows off slim frame just three weeks after giving birth to baby girl Proud to show off her slender frame  'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   It's Britney, beach! 'OMG - it's about Haylor!' Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to fling with Taylor Swift Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte That's a bold look! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts incredibly tiny waist and lean legs in skimpy frock Model looks 'It was nice to see Ashley!' John Middleton makes shock return to Emmerdale despite death... as onscreen wife Charlotte Bellamy talks emotional scenes 'Miami with this little sort': Jesy Nelson shows ex Chris Clark what he's missing as she frolics in bra with Little Mix bandmate Perrie Edwards 'Under proofed': Sceptical viewers unimpressed with first photo of C4's Bake Off line-up as one likens Noel and Sandi to a 'single mum and son'  Sheer-ly amazing! Glamorous Julianne Moore wows in see-through lace as she attends a photo exhibit in New York 70 years of Cannes Derriere on full display! Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination in tiny bikini bottoms with strapless top in Miami Beach babe. He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' She's been keeping secrets New hair do care! Malin Akerman reveals new dark hair colour on Rampage set with Jeffrey Dean Morgan Billions actress has a new do Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  'Kill em all (with love)': Anwar Hadid makes a peaceful tweak to his Metallica hoodie as he heads to dinner with family and girlfriend Nicola Peltz 'My cutie!' Proud mother Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with her beloved daughter North West Tender moment  Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla Looked stylish in an elegant suit LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary How romantic 'He would be up for it': Tommy Cannon, 78, has been hotly tipped for Strictly Come Dancing's new series... meaning he would be the 'oldest ever' celebrity on show Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Coachella vibes! Model Shanina Shaik shares throwback snap of herself wearing cheeky denim cut-offs and shaggy jacket at iconic California music festival Strutting her stuff! VS Angel Taylor Hill shows off model figure in white tank top as she arrives at LAX ahead of Coachella music festival Festival vibes 'WHY ARE WE ALWAYS YELLING!?' Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson trade barbs in VERY profane teaser for The Hitman's Bodyguard Julianne Hough gets the full VIP treatment at a nail salon in Beverly Hills as she cuts a slim figure in dark skinny jeans A little me time Come here often? Basic Instinct star Sharon Stone gets chatted up by male customer as she gets nails done Pamper party Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic top and glam metallic trousers for date night after another hit performance in Carousel Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Academy Award winner Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Controversial TV appearance in 2015 'Cinema with baby bae': Sallie Axl's nine-month-old daughter Savannah-Blue sips on coca-cola and tucks into nachos for her first big screen visit Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts Shimmering 'First time swimming with mummy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet snap from baby Caben Albi's first trip to pool... as Jeremy McConnell continues rehab  Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has £450 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  Expensive habit 'Fitness infiltrated my life': Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in bikini 'You made us proud': Caitlyn Jenner sends well-wishes to transgender Survivor contestant Zeke Smith after the reality star is outed Flawless! Charlize Theron stuns in thigh-skimming mini dress as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live Wild thing in a bold pattern Sharp dressed man! Matthew McConaughey and his 80s retro mustache get a visit from wife Camila on Ohio set of new movie Getting into character 'I was a centimetre away from being completely paralysed': Charlize Theron reveals near-horrific injury on the set of Aeon Flux  Terrifying incident Timeless beauty! Actress Rose Byrne dons a chic monochrome look at panel event for TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks Nothing's changed! Keith Urban's UNSEEN 1982 high school class photo sees the country singer sporting boyish looks and signature long locks Late Carrie Fisher fondly remembered in touching tribute clip at Star Wars Celebration convention in Orlando A video released for Florida convention 'It was a difficult habit to break': Hayden Christensen returns to Star Wars Celebration for first time in 15 years... and reveals his biggest shame 'Oh haiiii there handsome': Lewis Bloor sandwiches himself between reality beauties... as he appears to take a swipe at Marnie Simpson  Her breast assets! Justin Bieber's rumoured ex Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS while riding a quad bike and dancing with a female pal 'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
