Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Senior Housing Properties Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior Housing Properties Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Buys New Position in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Reduces Position in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Thomas White International Ltd. Reduces Position in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Suntrust Banks Inc. Buys Shares of 8,508 Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc (SNOW) Tekla Capital Management LLC Has $13,093,000 Position in Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) South Dakota Investment Council Has $2.54 Million Position in Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) Sun Life Financial Inc (SLF) Stake Cut by Mackenzie Financial Corp Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Stake Increased by Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC Decreases Stake in J M Smucker Co (SJM) Menta Capital LLC Invests $4.05 Million in Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Insider Buying: Malvern Bancorp, Inc. (MLVF) Chairman Buys $22,000.00 in Stock Rexnord Corp (RXN) versus Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Financial Analysis Lior Handelsman Sells 1,018 Shares of Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) Stock Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP) Receives Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy 2,216,336 Shares in Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) Acquired by MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Shares Bought by State of Wisconsin Investment Board Nordea Investment Management AB Has $15.48 Million Position in Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) M&T Bank Corp Reduces Position in Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) 79,158 Shares in Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Acquired by First Trust Advisors LP South Dakota Investment Council Has $2.54 Million Position in Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet South Dakota Investment Council boosted its stake in Senior Housing Properties Trust (NYSE:SNH) by 162.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 125,200 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 77,500 shares during the period. South Dakota Investment Council’s holdings in Senior Housing Properties Trust were worth $2,535,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in SNH. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Senior Housing Properties Trust by 518.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,607,893 shares of the company’s stock valued at $73,059,000 after buying an additional 3,024,789 shares during the last quarter. Scout Investments Inc. purchased a new stake in Senior Housing Properties Trust during the third quarter valued at approximately $42,087,000. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Senior Housing Properties Trust during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $31,963,000. Westfield Capital Management Co. LP purchased a new stake in Senior Housing Properties Trust during the first quarter valued at approximately $17,114,000. Finally, Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. boosted its stake in Senior Housing Properties Trust by 340.6% in the third quarter. Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. now owns 1,031,023 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,413,000 after buying an additional 797,033 shares during the last quarter. Shares of Senior Housing Properties Trust (NYSE:SNH) traded up 0.33% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $21.17. 1,434,440 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Senior Housing Properties Trust has a 1-year low of $17.14 and a 1-year high of $23.85. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.03 billion and a PE ratio of 35.34. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $21.32 and its 200 day moving average is $19.86. Senior Housing Properties Trust (NYSE:SNH) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.47 by $0.33. The business had revenue of $264.56 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $266.02 million. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.13 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Senior Housing Properties Trust will post $0.63 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 21st were paid a $0.39 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 19th. This represents a $1.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 7.37%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “South Dakota Investment Council Has $2.54 Million Position in Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH)” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/south-dakota-investment-council-has-2-54-million-position-in-senior-housing-properties-trust-snh.html. SNH has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Robert W. Baird initiated coverage on shares of Senior Housing Properties Trust in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $20.00 target price for the company. FBR & Co reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Senior Housing Properties Trust in a report on Monday, May 8th. Royal Bank of Canada lowered shares of Senior Housing Properties Trust from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and decreased their price target for the company from $24.00 to $22.00 in a report on Monday, May 15th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Senior Housing Properties Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $21.00 price target on shares of Senior Housing Properties Trust in a report on Friday, May 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. Senior Housing Properties Trust presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $22.67. Senior Housing Properties Trust Company Profile Senior Housing Properties Trust is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s segments include triple net senior living communities that provide short term and long term residential care and other services for residents; managed senior living communities that provide short term and long term residential care and other services for residents; properties leased to medical providers, medical related businesses, clinics and biotech laboratory tenants (MOBs), and all other, including certain properties that offer wellness, fitness and spa services to members. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Senior Housing Properties Trust (NYSE:SNH). Receive News & Ratings for Senior Housing Properties Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior Housing Properties Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RLJ Lodging Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RLJ Lodging Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stephens Inc. AR Has $1.12 Million Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) Position Maintained by Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. Algebris Investments UK LLP Has $6.15 Million Stake in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Regency Centers Corp (REG) Shares Bought by Vanguard Group Inc. Tributary Capital Management LLC Sells 3,900 Shares of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Quantbot Technologies LP Buys New Position in RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (RNR) Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Has $571,000 Stake in RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Stephens Investment Management Group LLC Acquires 20,904 Shares of Red Hat Inc (RHT) Fairpointe Capital LLC Invests $1.67 Million in Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC Has $46.08 Million Stake in ResMed Inc. (RMD) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 15,300 Shares of Red Hat Inc (RHT) International Speedway Corp (ISCA) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Prudential Financial Inflation-Linked Retail Medium Linked Retail Medium-Term Notes due April 10, 2018 (PFK) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds OpGen (OPGN) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.36 Select Bancorp (SLCT) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Franco Nevada Corp’s (FNV) Equal Weight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Boosts Position in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Dynagas LNG Partners LP (DLNG) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Given Outperform Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Employers Holdings, Inc. (EIG) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Has $571,000 Stake in RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cim Investment Mangement Inc. held its position in RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 24,305 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Cim Investment Mangement Inc.’s holdings in RLJ Lodging Trust were worth $571,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of RLJ. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in RLJ Lodging Trust by 4.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,412,004 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $127,236,000 after buying an additional 217,204 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in RLJ Lodging Trust by 51.5% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,944,846 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $69,233,000 after buying an additional 1,001,632 shares during the last quarter. AEW Capital Management L P raised its position in RLJ Lodging Trust by 45.9% in the first quarter. AEW Capital Management L P now owns 2,189,162 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $51,467,000 after buying an additional 688,800 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in RLJ Lodging Trust during the fourth quarter valued at $31,576,000. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in RLJ Lodging Trust by 3.1% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 1,002,758 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $23,575,000 after buying an additional 30,140 shares during the last quarter. RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ) traded down 0.67% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $20.63. 1,170,697 shares of the company traded hands. RLJ Lodging Trust has a 12 month low of $18.92 and a 12 month high of $25.10. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $21.21 and a 200-day moving average of $22.85. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.55 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.06 and a beta of 1.14. RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $260.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $263.57 million. RLJ Lodging Trust had a net margin of 17.07% and a return on equity of 9.15%. RLJ Lodging Trust’s quarterly revenue was down 5.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.57 EPS. Analysts forecast that RLJ Lodging Trust will post $1.11 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Has $571,000 Stake in RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/cim-investment-mangement-inc-has-571000-stake-in-rlj-lodging-trust-rlj.html. RLJ has been the topic of several recent research reports. Janney Montgomery Scott restated a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 target price (up previously from $26.00) on shares of RLJ Lodging Trust in a report on Monday. Boenning Scattergood restated an “underperform” rating on shares of RLJ Lodging Trust in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of RLJ Lodging Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, February 25th. Barclays PLC set a $23.00 target price on shares of RLJ Lodging Trust and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, ValuEngine upgraded shares of RLJ Lodging Trust from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. RLJ Lodging Trust presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $25.33. About RLJ Lodging Trust RLJ Lodging Trust is a self-administered real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of focused-service and compact full-service hotels. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned 122 hotels with approximately 20,100 rooms, located in 21 states and the District of Columbia, and an interest in one mortgage loan secured by a hotel. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RLJ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ). Receive News & Ratings for RLJ Lodging Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RLJ Lodging Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Principal Financial Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Principal Financial Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tredje AP fonden Purchases 2,021 Shares of Progressive Corp (PGR) Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Shares Sold by Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Co Verus Financial Partners Inc. Sells 57 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY Has $73.27 Million Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stake Boosted by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 78,503 Shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Synthetic Biologics (SYN) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of -0.06 SunCoke Energy (SXC) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Finds SunCoke Energy Partners (SXCP) Earns News Impact Score of 0.26 Sensata Technologies Holding (ST) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.24 Strattec Security Corp. (STRT) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Price Target Raised to $54.00 Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Mizuho Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Buys 40,796 Shares of Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF) Royal Gold, Inc (RGLD) Receives “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC Veritone Inc (VERI) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Northland Securities Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Stake Maintained by Davis Capital Partners LLC Xtep International (XTEPY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” PG&E Co. (PCG) Shares Bought by Axa JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 78,503 Shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its position in shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (NYSE:PFG) by 9.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 711,538 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 78,503 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Principal Financial Group were worth $44,906,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. bought a new stake in Principal Financial Group during the third quarter valued at approximately $114,000. CENTRAL TRUST Co increased its stake in Principal Financial Group by 2.4% in the first quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 2,176 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 52 shares in the last quarter. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in Principal Financial Group by 280.0% in the third quarter. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,800 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $196,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares in the last quarter. Wesbanco Bank Inc. bought a new stake in Principal Financial Group during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $201,000. Finally, Private Advisor Group LLC bought a new stake in Principal Financial Group during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $211,000. 68.59% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) traded up 0.55% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $62.41. The stock had a trading volume of 906,541 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $63.26 and its 200-day moving average is $61.20. The firm has a market cap of $17.99 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.06 and a beta of 1.64. Principal Financial Group Inc has a one year low of $38.03 and a one year high of $65.67. Principal Financial Group (NYSE:PFG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $1.27 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.19 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $3.07 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.16 billion. Principal Financial Group had a return on equity of 12.73% and a net margin of 10.55%. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.97 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Principal Financial Group Inc will post $5.04 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Monday, June 5th will be issued a dividend of $0.46 per share. This is a boost from Principal Financial Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.45. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 1st. This represents a $1.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.95%. Principal Financial Group’s payout ratio is presently 38.22%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/jpmorgan-chase-co-sells-78503-shares-of-principal-financial-group-inc-pfg.html. PFG has been the subject of several analyst reports. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Principal Financial Group in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Principal Financial Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on Principal Financial Group from $53.00 to $56.00 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on Principal Financial Group from $60.00 to $62.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. Principal Financial Group currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $57.82. In related news, insider Luis E. Valdes sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.00, for a total transaction of $620,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider James P. Mccaughan sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.65, for a total value of $313,250.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 224,004 shares of company stock worth $14,276,685. 1.78% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Principal Financial Group Company Profile Principal Financial Group, Inc is an investment management company. The Company offers a range of financial products and services, including retirement, asset management and insurance. Its segments include Retirement and Income Solutions; Principal Global Investors, Principal International; U.S. Insurance Solutions, and Corporate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PFG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Principal Financial Group Inc (NYSE:PFG). Receive News & Ratings for Principal Financial Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Principal Financial Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance De La Rue plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for De La Rue plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Intu Properties PLC’s (INTU) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital De La Rue plc (DLAR) Given New GBX 700 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Halma plc (HLMA) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,250 at Deutsche Bank AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given Buy Rating at Liberum Capital Metro Bank PLC (MTRO) Given Sell Rating at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Given Buy Rating at Liberum Capital Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Cadence Capital Management LLC Buys Shares of 5,473 Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (MJN) Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (CCO) Receives $8.42 Consensus PT from Analysts Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc. (HOS) Receives $6.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Profund Advisors LLC Has $206,000 Position in MGM Resorts International (MGM) Walthausen & Co. LLC Has $11.02 Million Stake in M/I Homes Inc (MHO) American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Receives $44.46 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Entergy (ETR) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.15 Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.02 PulteGroup (PHM) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.11 Southcross Energy Partners (SXE) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.36 Mercury General Co. (MCY) Stake Raised by Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Advantus Capital Management Inc Boosts Position in Macerich Co (MAC) Insider Buying: Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Acquires $57,526.32 in Stock De La Rue plc (DLAR) Given New GBX 700 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet De La Rue plc (LON:DLAR) had its price target boosted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 670 ($8.66) to GBX 700 ($9.05) in a research report released on Tuesday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on DLAR. Numis Securities Ltd restated a hold rating and issued a GBX 675 ($8.72) target price on shares of De La Rue plc in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. Citigroup Inc downgraded De La Rue plc to a neutral rating and set a GBX 710 ($9.17) target price on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. De La Rue plc (LON:DLAR) traded down 3.55% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 678.50. The stock had a trading volume of 117,419 shares. De La Rue plc has a 1-year low of GBX 458.34 and a 1-year high of GBX 711.50. The stock’s market cap is GBX 689.35 million. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 659.62 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 621.85. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “De La Rue plc (DLAR) Given New GBX 700 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/de-la-rue-plc-dlar-given-new-gbx-700-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, August 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 29th will be paid a GBX 16.70 ($0.22) dividend. This is an increase from De La Rue plc’s previous dividend of $8.30. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 29th. This represents a yield of 2.51%. About De La Rue plc De La Rue plc designs, manufactures and delivers banknotes to customers across the world. The Company’s segments include Currency, Identity Solutions, and Product Authentication and Traceability. The Currency segment provides printed banknotes, banknote paper and polymer substrates and banknote security components. Receive News & Ratings for De La Rue plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for De La Rue plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Republic Bank - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Republic Bank with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Graco Inc. (GGG) Position Cut by Quantum Capital Management LLC NJ Fortive Corp (FTV) Shares Bought by San Francisco Sentry Investment Group CA Monashee Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Canada Goose Holdings Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares (GOOS) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Buys 2,392 Shares of Greenbrier Companies Inc (GBX) Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. Acquires 8,000 Shares of Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Fortive Corp (FTV) Stake Boosted by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Will Announce Earnings of $0.39 Per Share Ngam Advisors L.P. Sells 223,050 Shares of FS Investment Co. (FSIC) GasLog Ltd (GLOG) is Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC’s 4th Largest Position First Republic Bank (FRC) Shares Sold by Redwood Investments LLC Koch Industries Inc. Takes Position in Globus Medical Inc (GMED) World Asset Management Inc Purchases 386 Shares of Gerdau SA (GGB) Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC Invests $202,000 in General Dynamics Co. (GD) Primecap Management Co. CA Decreases Position in Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL) Forestar Group Inc. (FOR) Shares Bought by Schneider Capital Management Corp Fortive Corp (FTV) Shares Sold by LBA Wealth Management LLC 2,125,696 Shares in TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Acquired by MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Safran SA (SAF) Given a €78.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Atlantic Gold Corp (AGB) Given a C$2.15 Price Target at National Bank Financial Insider Selling: United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) CEO Sells $156,400.02 in Stock First Republic Bank (FRC) Shares Sold by Redwood Investments LLC June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Redwood Investments LLC reduced its position in shares of First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC) by 21.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 187,630 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 50,214 shares during the period. First Republic Bank accounts for approximately 1.7% of Redwood Investments LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 7th largest position. Redwood Investments LLC’s holdings in First Republic Bank were worth $17,602,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in FRC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of First Republic Bank by 26.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,951,600 shares of the bank’s stock worth $558,320,000 after buying an additional 1,236,848 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of First Republic Bank during the fourth quarter worth approximately $108,694,000. FMR LLC boosted its position in shares of First Republic Bank by 24.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,739,266 shares of the bank’s stock worth $436,676,000 after buying an additional 929,909 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of First Republic Bank by 14.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 5,046,316 shares of the bank’s stock worth $464,961,000 after buying an additional 651,265 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Credit Agricole S A boosted its position in shares of First Republic Bank by 154.0% in the fourth quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 659,977 shares of the bank’s stock worth $60,809,000 after buying an additional 400,115 shares during the last quarter. 97.08% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of First Republic Bank (NYSE FRC) traded up 1.34% on Wednesday, hitting $95.56. 482,610 shares of the stock traded hands. First Republic Bank has a 52-week low of $63.97 and a 52-week high of $97.43. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $92.46 and a 200 day moving average price of $92.13. The firm has a market cap of $15.03 billion, a PE ratio of 23.84 and a beta of 1.03. First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The bank reported $1.01 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.01. First Republic Bank had a return on equity of 12.38% and a net margin of 27.98%. The company had revenue of $601.14 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $626.14 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.88 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that First Republic Bank will post $4.50 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 11th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th were issued a dividend of $0.17 per share. This represents a $0.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.72%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, April 25th. This is a positive change from First Republic Bank’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.16. First Republic Bank’s dividend payout ratio is presently 16.49%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/first-republic-bank-frc-shares-sold-by-redwood-investments-llc.html. A number of brokerages have commented on FRC. Morgan Stanley reduced their price target on shares of First Republic Bank from $102.00 to $98.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of First Republic Bank from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $109.00 price target on shares of First Republic Bank in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $90.00 price target on shares of First Republic Bank and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, May 26th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $97.00 price target on shares of First Republic Bank in a research report on Friday, May 26th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $99.62. About First Republic Bank First Republic Bank is a commercial bank and trust company. The Bank specializes in providing services, including private banking, private business banking, real estate lending and wealth management services, including trust and custody services, to clients in selected metropolitan areas in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FRC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC). Receive News & Ratings for First Republic Bank Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Republic Bank and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan to purchase new debt for struggling Chicago schools By Reuters Published: 13:49 EDT, 7 June 2017 | Updated: 13:49 EDT, 7 June 2017 e-mail CHICAGO, June 7 (Reuters) - The Chicago Public Schools (CPS) said it tapped JPMorgan as the winning bidder for an up to $396.5 million note deal aimed at keeping the cash-strapped district afloat. The award of the notes purchase to JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co is subject to final negotiation, according to a CPS statement on Wednesday. The Chicago Board of Education approved the debt sale last month as a way to avoid ending the current school year early and to help make a $721 million pension payment due to its teachers' retirement system at the end of this month. Escalating pension payments have led to drained reserves, debt dependency and junk bond ratings for the nation's third-largest public school system. JPMorgan, which CPS selected as the winning bidder for the notes, has lent the school system more than $1 billion through tax anticipation notes deals over the last few years. While the district pledged future property tax collections for those deals, the new borrowing is secured by about $467 million of CPS' delayed grant funding from the state of Illinois, which is struggling through a second-straight fiscal year without a complete budget. The district's already shaky finances took a major hit with Republican Governor Bruce Rauner's December veto of legislation that would have funneled $215 million in state funds to CPS to help it make the fiscal 2017 pension payment. (Reporting By Karen Pierog; Editing by Andrew Hay) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  'I just spat out my coffee!' Viewers' shock as Trinny Woodall blurts out that she 'wants to be black' while admiring a model's 'marble skin' on This Morning (before stroking her BREAST) Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham dresses for her fashion fatigue in a blue pyjama set after a non-stop week in New York City Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand No auto tune needed! Britney Spears proves she has a flawless voice as she shares unedited clip of her singing hit, Toxic Talented Heavy night? Myleene Klass wears SHADES in the dark as she heads home after a boozy evening at Graduate Fashion Week Gala Bleary-eyed Daisy Lowe cuts a dishevelled figure in her eye-popping gown as she leaves the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition party Alesha Dixon displays her enviable abs in a tiny bandeau top as she attends fashion event with boyfriend Azuka Ononye Flashing flesh Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man at NYC event Louise Redknapp reveals she was in BED with husband Jamie when false claims of marriage woes surfaced... as she insists they're 'great' Leggy Katie Piper wows in chic floral mini dress and nude wedges as she leaves Manchester hotel ahead of Ideal Home Show appearance He's hooked! Sam Claflin can't take his eyes off stunning wife Laura Haddock as they attend the London premiere of new film My Cousin Rachel Pregnant Tamsin Egerton exhibits her baby bump in smock dress as she joins partner Josh Hartnett at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Bra-vo!  'Relationship guru' Stephanie Davis weighs in on Ellie and Lotan's kiss on Big Brother... as she mocks her own saga with Jeremy McConnell in TV debut  Chloe Meadows sports neon orange bikini during Dubai getaway... after former pal Megan McKenna claimed she only wanted to reconcile for 'storylines' 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor in tense scenes on KUWTK Dating Tristan Thompson That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Doting dad  Kim Kardashian knocks back tequila while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol) Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley If you've got it! Christie Brinkley, 63, puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Leggy lady!  Big Brother's Chanelle McCleary discusses her painful Brazilian butt lift... before sobbing when her housemates vote her most likely to cheat on a boyfriend 'That's your first strike!': Arthur Fullford clashes with Joe, Hannah AND Imran on Big Brother... as viewers brand him 'most irritating person ever' Down to a fine art! Lady Amelia Windsor is flawless in a black dress layered over a white blouse at the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition Victoria Beckham unveils leather trousers and neon shoes in a VERY edgy new line she says is 'rooted in reality' (but some items will set you back £3,000) Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save the vaquita porpoise which could become extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage as she leads the glamour alongside Katherine Jenkins and Arizona Muse at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Look out ladies, Poldark's back on the market! Aidan Turner and girlfriend Nettie Wakefield 'split after being driven apart by conflicting schedules' 'We agree to disagree': Katy Perry reveals how her devoutly Christian parents reacted to sexually suggestive lyrics in Bon Appétit song One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by torrential rain  What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut tummy in black hoodie and tracksuit bottoms as she runs errands in LA A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Radiant in red  Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple  His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays touching tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown that shows off her incredible figure as she supports her NBC show This Is Us Blue-tiful Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops  Katherine Jenkins exudes elegance as she goes hand-in-hand with husband Andrew Levitas at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition 'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 Lauren Silverman slips her svelte frame into elegant green lace gown as she supports casually-clad partner Simon Cowell at his charity ball in London Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Quirky What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York City Shimmering star  They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Reunion Alec Baldwin looks dapper as stunning wife Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation Cute couple  Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress and shimmering silver heels at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Myleene Klass dazzles in a demure strapless dress at fashion gala after baring all in VERY plunging white gown the day before Glamorous display  Kym Marsh relaxes with her family at curry house opening in Manchester... after being praised for 'moving' British Soap Awards tribute to late son Archie All Night Long! Legendary Rnb singer Lionel Richie coming Down Under with Nile Rodgers for six city Aussie tour  Australians rejoice  'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto admits he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to be a dad Pixie Lott shows off her long legs in a racy double split yellow gown with a daring plunge front as she leads the glamour at lavish charity ball Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket and skinny jeans as she touches down in Los Angeles Jet set style  Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach as she puts on an energetic display on Battle Of The Network Stars A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls and orange jacket as she heads out for coffee in New York Radiant redhead  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville Plunging neckline 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on The Real Housewives Of New York City Make-up free Apprentice star Luisa Zissman cradles her baby daughter Indigo as she pays a visit to her local garden centre Low profile  Ariana Grande is back onstage amid heightened security as she resumes Dangerous Woman tour in Paris after Manchester attack Spot on! Margot Robbie flaunts trim pins in a summery polka dot frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish on Wednesday 'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Mollie King proves her fashionable flair by swapping the traditional party dress for a striking rose gold trouser suit at Barry M's anniversary bash Doctor Who's new hue: Pearl Mackie shares a daring amount of sideboob in a striking coral gown as she wows at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition Twiggy, 67, goes heavy on the millennial pink as she proves she can still turn heads at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection Will be available on her official website Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX Paired her sandals with a black Ivy Park hoodie Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she ignores ex Scott Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny grey mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry in Miami rain Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Wore tight gym clothing  Suited beauty Victoria Pendleton looks slick in an equestrian-style suit at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition... after trading cycling for horse riding Ellie Bamber proudly shows off a Stone Roses tee beneath her retro pastel co-ord as she makes a style statement at Royal Academy Summer bash Pretty as a picture! Emilia Fox exudes elegance in whimsical printed midi dress as she storms Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Girl power! Former Australia Prime Minister Julia Gillard reunites with unlikely pal Rihanna in Malawi as pair seek to raise $3 billion for better education Suki Waterhouse, 25, is reunited with rumoured beau Diego Luna, 37,as they step out in Manhattan after her appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as the actress declares 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of her 50th birthday 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!' John Cena describes the moment he proposed to his Nikki Bella in front of MILLIONS of fans Rough night? Bleary-eyed Mark Wright looks just a tad worse for wear after partying with his sister Jess at nightclub in Los Angeles Weary  I'm Still Standing! Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form as he bounces back from 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency Ariana Grande's manager confirms that Noel Gallagher was never asked to perform at Manchester One Love ... after he was SLAMMED by Liam  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt Getting ready to board Tequila, it won't kill ya, says Nigella: Culinary queen Lawson 'gargles' with spirits to remedy her 'fluey' symptoms Gargled with Mexican spirit Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Jaime Winstone debuts her dazzling engagement ring as she cosies up to her DJ 'fiancé' James Suckling at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition  Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Love Island's Katie Salmon flashes her cleavage in lace-up camouflage dress as she joins Zaralena Jackson for swimwear launch in Manchester Denise Van Outen is casually chic in pink floral shirt and trendy lace choker as she makes a radiant arrival at her BUILD Series talk Casually chic Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Actress revealed her cancer has returned The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes 'We didn't have scales as kids': Sophie Ellis-Bextor has BANNED the word 'diet' from her home... following encouragement from her mother 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film Open for a return Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Posted a new image on social media Hysterical Holly Willoughby 'nearly wets herself' before downing gin on This Morning... the morning after partying hard at the Glamour Awards 'Our babies cause mayhem together!': Kimberley Walsh gushes about fellow mum and BFF Cheryl... and reveals she's ready to have another child  Fancy seeing you here! Former TOWIE star Jess Wright makes surprise appearance at Chris Brown's documentary premiere in Los Angeles Braless Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display in a garish jumpsuit with a patterned cape at Midsummer Ball charity bash From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'It's not the 18th century!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'take care of her kids' after she posted video of herself partying Punching pupils... and that was just the teachers. Ackley Bridge was Waterloo Road with Hijabs and a slice of modern Britain, by JIM SHELLEY Big Brother's Mandy brags about her SEX TAPE in front of her daughter... as Ellie and Lotan kiss in the hot tub before getting steamy under the covers 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Perrie Edwards and Jesy Nelson go wild on stage at Little Mix concert in Stockholm... after Jennifer Saunders 'scolds' them for awards no-show Defiant Stephanie Davis goes braless in a revealing top after accusing Jeremy McConnell's ex-girlfriend of using her 'name for fame' Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight as she shares racy behind the scenes look at Bon Appétit music video Good enough to eat!  EXCLUSIVE: 'I wore tiny pants to hide my hangover': Human Ken Doll is a dead ringer for Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in budgie smugglers 'Children don't need to see such exposure!' Ann Widdecombe calls for 'X-rated' Amanda Holden to be FIRED from BGT following string of racy dresses Make-up free Felicity Jones steps out for shopping spree... hours after revealing her engagement ring at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit Jessica Simpson slammed for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Shooting her TV Land half-hour show Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo First debuted her makeover in May Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead of suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sad news  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Much-loved storybook nanny 'Affecting my fertility was a wake-up call': Christine McGuinness hits back at accusations of promoting anorexia as husband Paddy helped her overcome eating disorder 'I like Royalty, Prince and Duchess': Katie Price shares names planned for baby number SIX... despite daughter Princess shunning her moniker Southampton striker Charlie Austin and wife Bianca RE-FOLLOW each other on Twitter... after cutting ties when she cryptically claimed he had been 'cheating' 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium Has added to her feline brood SPOILER ALERT 'What more could we want?' Love Island's Montana and Chloe pin their hopes on new Boy Bombshells as Chris and Jonny arrive to shake couples up  Caroline Flack suffers double nip-slip as her plunging ruffled dress fails to contain her ample assets as she leaves Glamour Awards Oops Pregnant Ferne McCann covers her bump as she joins anti-bullying campaign... amid TOWIE pal Vas Morgan's criticisms of her 'choice of men' Leggy Amy Childs flaunts her post-baby body in a scarlet summer dress as she celebrates turning 27 with newborn daughter Polly MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in tiny blue bikini as she parties by the pool with her pals on Greek getaway Jorgie Porter puts her shapely pins on show in thigh-skimming shirt dress as she enjoys girly brunch in West Hollywood Legs eleven  Good night? Make-up free Fearne Cotton clutches a huge flask of coffee after partying into the early hours at Glamour Awards Getting some fresh air Supermarket sweep! Casually-clad Coleen Rooney displays her post-holiday glow as she leaves the shops laden down with groceries  Shopping in style  'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins  Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy She's expecting  Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Emma Willis looks exhausted on This Morning following 'tipsy' Glamour Awards... and reveals Holly Willoughby made her STAGE DIVE at her wedding 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses marriage to Daniel Craig Still stunning  'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Happy couple Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in a translucent LBD during dinner date with The Weeknd in NYC Baring all Making waves! Cody Simpson speaks at the United Nation's Ocean's Conference after being named their FIRST advocate New role Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted trousers Striking Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cosies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville Made a solo trip to the event on Wednesday 'It gives you goosebumps': The Voice Kids judge Pixie Lott is a sexy señorita in floral Bardot gown... as she marvels at 'magical' maturity of contestants 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne smugly reveals Cheryl has son Bear sleeping at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik 'He was actually really cool about it': Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after agreeing to drunken dare Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} Mapping Blight At The Parcel Level In Cleveland, Columbus And Cincinnati {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By Janis Bowdler One of the challenges facing cities across Ohio is what to do about the dilapidated and abandoned properties that scar neighborhoods and can weaken local and regional economies. It's a tricky question, in part because we don't currently know the full extent of the problem. We don't know how many blighted properties each city has, their condition, or location. What we do know is that removing troublesome eyesores is an essential precondition to building thriving neighborhoods. To address this challenge, JPMorgan Chase & Co. recently provided the Western Reserve Land Conservancy a $1 million grant to help survey, map and track blighted properties in Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati. Until now, researching parcels for redevelopment has been done manually, which is an extremely slow and arduous task. I know. I used to do it. I started my community development career at Famicos Foundation, a nonprofit that works to revitalize Cleveland's East Side neighborhoods. My first job was to go to Cleveland's City Hall, pull our neighborhood maps, and determine which parcels were owned by the city and eligible for purchase from the local land bank. I drove around the neighborhood taking Polaroid photos to document the condition of the property. Our project called for purchasing vacant lots, so I needed the photos to show that the conditions matched (or didn't) city records. Then I would use a highlighter to indicate our desired properties and tag them to the Polaroid photos. This entire process could easily take a couple of days, and perhaps longer if a property sold in the interim or there was a discrepancy between my research and city records. I'm clearly dating myself here, and the city of Cleveland and my colleagues at Famicos Foundation, Cleveland Neighborhood Progress, and the city's other great community development corporations have made tremendous progress in updating the systems that track city-owned property. We hope to further accelerate that progress through our investment. Moving forward, the Western Reserve Land Conservancy and the cities of Cleveland, Columbus, and Cincinnati will partner with Loveland Technologies, which specializes in mapping blighted properties, to survey, map and record each parcel in the three cities. Using cutting-edge data visualization technology, the team will overlay publicly available data from multiple sources at the parcel level, providing community members with a clear and accurate picture of troublesome properties, neighborhood conditions, and opportunities for redevelopment. This model has a history of success. We supported a similar initiative in Detroit. In 2015, the city's philanthropic leadership banded together to commission a survey of blighted properties that would give local leadership the information needed to make time-sensitive investment decisions. Through an initiative known as Motor City Mapping, Loveland Technologies worked with community volunteers to map each of Detroit's 380,000 parcels. JPMorgan Chase provided funding to create a dashboard that the Detroit Land Bank Authority used to identify and remove more than 10,600 dangerous structures and create a door-knocking campaign to save houses at risk of foreclosure. As a result, tax foreclosures declined nearly 50 percent in Detroit in 2016. Accessible and high-quality data is essential to making informed investment decisions, particularly when city resources are scarce. To that end, in Detroit the city's parcel database is now maintained by Data Driven Detroit, a trusted intermediary that preserves the data on behalf of the public. But the databases aren't simply for city administrators. They are also a powerful tool for the people who call these cities home. For example, Detroit's Grandmont Rosedale and MECCA Development Corporations use the data to track conditions in their communities, and an app allows them to crowdsource resident input. We believe the data will prove similarly useful to the people of Ohio. As an Ohio native, I am thrilled we are bringing this work to my home state - particularly Cleveland, with its proud history of neighborhood development. In the information age, data is power. Communities that are unable to articulate their challenges and opportunities struggle to get the needed resources - or worse, may set to work on solutions that will not meet their needs. A digital view will allow us to work more efficiently and accelerate economic growth built on local residents' engagement and vision. Janis Bowdler is the managing director and head of community development for global philanthropy at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Originally published by Cleveland Plain-Dealer on April 9, 2017. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} Germany's Workforce Development Can Be A Lesson To The United States {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe Following in Germany’s footsteps could lead the U.S. to a stronger workforce. The good news: The unemployment rate has dropped below five percent. But this doesn’t mean all is well with the U.S. labor market. More and more, we hear of employers who are struggling to fill open positions - which raises the question: What steps should we be taking to build a talent pipeline that will expand opportunity and drive competitiveness? One answer comes from the example of Germany, a country where a combination of policy and practice helps to align the needs of employers with the skills of workers. JPMorgan Chase More than half of all the unfilled positions in the U.S. are so-called middle-skill jobs, meaning they require a high school diploma and some post-secondary education but not a four-year college degree. More than half of all the unfilled positions in the U.S. are so-called middle-skill jobs, meaning they require a high school diploma and some post-secondary education but not a four-year college degree. Many of these middle-skill jobs are both high-tech and professional positions, and more important, many of them pay well. Because of the lack of qualified candidates though, they take twice as long to fill - 40 days instead of the average 20. All those open jobs suggest just how much a focus on narrowing the skills gap would mean, both to U.S. competitiveness in the global economy and to Americans who want to earn a solid living wage. It could also potentially represent significant savings to parents and high-school graduates who may no longer be required to pursue college degrees that often come with high price tags and significant student debt. For all these reasons, middle-skills training has become an urgent goal of U.S. policy makers, educators, and the private sector. The public sector is driving policy initiatives at every level of government, and the private sector is increasing its support for job-training programs as well. That private-sector, philanthropic approach is one that JPMorgan Chase has honed over time, part of a model that leverages its core business, creates an environment of collaboration and uses data and analysis to give partners the best possible tools to address crucial drivers of inclusive growth. Experience has shown that one of the best means to do that is an effective workforce-training system. That collaboration among the public sector, private companies, and the nonprofit community serves to identify global best practices, to test and learn, and to explore new ideas to expand progress and create sustainable solutions. One of the world’s leading models can be found in Germany, whose workforce development effort emphasizes apprenticeship — a system of training that combines on the job, paid experience with classroom learning. This sets students up to compete for jobs directly out of school, and to obtain relevant professional licenses more easily. Thanks in large part to its apprenticeship programs, the unemployment rate for German youth is one of the lowest in any of the world’s advanced economies: 6.5 percent as of January 2017, compared to an estimated 11.5 percent in the U.S. Germany’s apprenticeship programs are an extension of artisan and merchant guilds that date back to the Middle Ages, before Columbus even “discovered” America. And the success of Germany’s apprenticeship programs is due in part to the country’s robust manufacturing sector, which is ideal for apprenticeships. But given their history, they have also adapted apprenticeship training to many of their open middle-skills positions, from nurses’ aides and mechanics to bookkeepers and child-care workers. JPMorgan Chase’s New Skills at Work program, alongside the Institute for Public Policy Research and German organization Bertelsman Stiftung, published data in 2016 examining both the successes and challenges around the German apprenticeship system. Germany’s educational system incorporates courses that give students a general sense of various careers, but much of its success springs from the generous support that the country’s corporations give to on-site apprenticeship programs – part of a system where companies are required to support training programs through their local chambers of commerce. As a result, apprenticeship programs are integral to employers. “This has nothing to do with corporate social responsibility,” one human resources manager in Germany said. “I do this because I need talent.” No two countries are alike, of course. Education and training systems evolve from every nation’s unique social, cultural and political climate. But the good news is that the U.S. appears to be on a path to grow support for these kinds of programs. JPMorgan Chase One example is the Community Health Worker Apprenticeship Program in the Bronx, New York – which is supported in part by the Healthcare Career Advancement Program (H-Cap), a national organization dedicated to expanding apprenticeship opportunities in healthcare. In recent years the U.S. has seen a surge in its own apprenticeship programs, which combine support from business and the public sector with private sector and nonprofit commitments. These programs are already working to prepare students for careers in open middle-skill jobs. One example is the Community Health Worker Apprenticeship Program in the Bronx, New York – which is supported in part by the Healthcare Career Advancement Program (H-Cap), a national organization dedicated to expanding apprenticeship opportunities in healthcare. The program combines classroom learning with on the job experience in Bronx Lebanon Hospital. The program, which launched in early 2017, is an example of using apprenticeship to address a vital need for frontline healthcare workers. It’s also part of a broader effort from JPMorgan Chase and local organizations to support healthcare job training efforts around the country. By working directly with patients at Bronx Lebanon – while being paid a steady salary – and also being immersed in classroom learning, students in the program gain the unique skills set required for healthcare work, combining clinical skills with cultural and community awareness. It’s a system similar to German programs, but also marshals the diverse set of support unique to America’s fledgling apprenticeship system. To further efforts like this, President Obama introduced ApprenticeshipUSA, a program initially funded with $90 million - $60 million for state programs, $30 million for programs in fast-growing industries, such as high tech. As the German model suggests, however, the final piece of the puzzle is corporate engagement. U.S. corporations are complementing apprenticeship efforts by investing in so-called “upskilling” programs. The forefront of that effort may come from private sector philanthropy as businesses slowly integrate apprenticeship into their job training programs. JPMorgan Chase, for instance, has designated more than $325 million to programs that train Americans for middle-skills jobs, applying their model of philanthropy to expand skills training across the board, but especially young people, who face abnormally high unemployment rates. Like JPMorgan Chase, an increasing number of U.S. corporations are supporting skills-training programs because they have a stake in the growth of the U.S. economy. In addition to addressing their own workforce needs, they are investing in a virtuous circle of growth: More workers mean a more prosperous society and stronger economy for everyone, underpinning the belief that business success starts with thriving communities. That’s the ultimate ambition for Germany’s apprenticeship program as well, according to Burkhard Kuebel-Sorger, a member of Germany’s national Corporate Social Responsibility committee. “It’s actually not just to give them the qualification in order to perform [a] job,” he says. “It’s also to make them fit for life.” Germany’s apprenticeship efforts can continue to serve as a model for employment growth in the United States. With the support of its public and private sectors, the increased support for apprenticeship and upskilling efforts will contribute to inclusive economic growth in the U.S. and around the world. JPMorgan Chase’s workforce training commitments are part of its broader Corporate Responsibility initiatives for inclusive growth, which are driven by the model of philanthropy it has developed over time. You can learn more about how that model is working around the world in the firm’s new Corporate Responsibility Report. Its New Skills at Work and New Skills for Youth initiatives are a combined $325 million effort to expand skills training opportunities worldwide, especially among young people and students. New Skills for Work supports apprenticeship programs like H-Cap around the country and around the world. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axis Capital Holdings Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axis Capital Holdings Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) Stake Increased by Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. Acquires 7,660 Shares of Aramark (ARMK) Loews Corp Invests $225,000 in Athene Holding Ltd (ATH) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 1,198 Shares of Avista Corp (AVA) Heartland Advisors Inc. Has $12.62 Million Stake in American Express Company (AXP) Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Stake Increased by Aviance Capital Partners LLC Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Shares Bought by Bellwether Investment Group LLC Clinton Group Inc. Raises Stake in Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Takes Position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) 158,152 Shares in Alteryx Inc (AYX) Acquired by Monashee Investment Management LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $43.70 Million Stake in Avnet, Inc. (AVT) State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $2.74 Million Position in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Shares Bought by Legal & General Group Plc Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Has $1.34 Million Stake in American States Water Co (AWR) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Stake in Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Thompson Investment Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in American Express Company (AXP) AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) Stake Cut by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Regulus Therapeutics Inc (RGLS) Cut to Strong Sell at ValuEngine Primo Water Co. (PRMW) Upgraded at ValuEngine RADA Electronic Ind. Ltd. (RADA) Lifted to Buy at ValuEngine Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Shares Bought by Legal & General Group Plc June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS) by 2.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 522,259 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after buying an additional 11,220 shares during the period. Legal & General Group Plc’s holdings in Axis Capital Holdings Limited were worth $35,003,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Norges Bank bought a new stake in Axis Capital Holdings Limited during the fourth quarter worth $93,650,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Axis Capital Holdings Limited by 63.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 746,488 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $50,038,000 after buying an additional 289,144 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Axis Capital Holdings Limited by 27.4% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,091,883 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $73,189,000 after buying an additional 234,985 shares during the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its stake in Axis Capital Holdings Limited by 1,483.8% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 158,930 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $10,373,000 after buying an additional 148,895 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Credit Agricole S A increased its stake in Axis Capital Holdings Limited by 293.8% in the first quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 177,558 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $11,901,000 after buying an additional 132,466 shares during the last quarter. 90.07% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS) traded down 0.36% on Wednesday, hitting $64.52. The stock had a trading volume of 70,242 shares. Axis Capital Holdings Limited has a 12-month low of $51.33 and a 12-month high of $71.06. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.46 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.39 and a beta of 0.55. The company has a 50 day moving average of $65.13 and a 200-day moving average of $65.76. Axis Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The insurance provider reported $0.59 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.22. The firm had revenue of $1.51 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.69 billion. Axis Capital Holdings Limited had a return on equity of 8.36% and a net margin of 12.82%. The business’s revenue was down 10.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $1.07 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Axis Capital Holdings Limited will post $3.95 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/axis-capital-holdings-limited-axs-shares-bought-by-legal-general-group-plc.html. AXS has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $64.00 price objective (down from $66.00) on shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Citigroup Inc lifted their price objective on Axis Capital Holdings Limited from $60.00 to $61.00 and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Axis Capital Holdings Limited from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Monday, May 8th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $64.00 price objective on shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, ValuEngine raised Axis Capital Holdings Limited from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $66.25. Axis Capital Holdings Limited Company Profile AXIS Capital Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company provides a range of specialty (re)insurance, through subsidiaries and branch networks- based in Bermuda, the United States, Canada, Europe and Singapore. Its business consists of two global underwriting platforms: AXIS Insurance and AXIS Re. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AXS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Axis Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS). Receive News & Ratings for Axis Capital Holdings Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axis Capital Holdings Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Avnet Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Avnet Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) Stake Increased by Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. Acquires 7,660 Shares of Aramark (ARMK) Loews Corp Invests $225,000 in Athene Holding Ltd (ATH) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 1,198 Shares of Avista Corp (AVA) Heartland Advisors Inc. Has $12.62 Million Stake in American Express Company (AXP) Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Stake Increased by Aviance Capital Partners LLC Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Shares Bought by Bellwether Investment Group LLC Clinton Group Inc. Raises Stake in Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Takes Position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) 158,152 Shares in Alteryx Inc (AYX) Acquired by Monashee Investment Management LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $43.70 Million Stake in Avnet, Inc. (AVT) State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $2.74 Million Position in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Shares Bought by Legal & General Group Plc Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Has $1.34 Million Stake in American States Water Co (AWR) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Stake in Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Thompson Investment Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in American Express Company (AXP) AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) Stake Cut by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Regulus Therapeutics Inc (RGLS) Cut to Strong Sell at ValuEngine Primo Water Co. (PRMW) Upgraded at ValuEngine RADA Electronic Ind. Ltd. (RADA) Lifted to Buy at ValuEngine JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $43.70 Million Stake in Avnet, Inc. (AVT) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Avnet, Inc. (NYSE:AVT) by 24.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 954,987 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 190,274 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Avnet were worth $43,701,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Credit Suisse AG raised its position in Avnet by 455.4% in the third quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 1,623,808 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $66,674,000 after buying an additional 1,331,464 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Avnet during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $62,570,000. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. raised its position in Avnet by 1,072.0% in the fourth quarter. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. now owns 948,676 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $45,166,000 after buying an additional 867,730 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in Avnet by 1,147.3% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 852,435 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $39,007,000 after buying an additional 784,095 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Advisory Research Inc. raised its position in Avnet by 132.8% in the fourth quarter. Advisory Research Inc. now owns 1,027,330 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $48,911,000 after buying an additional 586,060 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 94.97% of the company’s stock. Shares of Avnet, Inc. (NYSE AVT) traded up 0.674% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $38.085. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 184,599 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $38.76 and a 200 day moving average price of $44.38. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.76 billion, a PE ratio of 9.153 and a beta of 1.16. Avnet, Inc. has a 52 week low of $35.96 and a 52 week high of $51.50. Avnet (NYSE:AVT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The technology company reported $0.88 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.86 by $0.02. Avnet had a return on equity of 9.80% and a net margin of 1.88%. The business had revenue of $4.44 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.46 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.01 earnings per share. Avnet’s quarterly revenue was up 8.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Avnet, Inc. will post $3.17 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 19th. Investors of record on Tuesday, June 6th will be issued a dividend of $0.18 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, June 2nd. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.90%. Avnet’s dividend payout ratio is 22.59%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-43-70-million-stake-in-avnet-inc-avt.html. AVT has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered Avnet from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $40.00 target price (down from $47.00) on shares of Avnet in a research note on Saturday, April 29th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered Avnet from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $47.00 to $43.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $31.00 target price on shares of Avnet in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered Avnet from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $53.00 to $39.00 in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Avnet presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $42.50. In other news, Director James A. Lawrence acquired 408,451 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 2nd. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $36.99 per share, for a total transaction of $15,108,602.49. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now owns 416,549 shares in the company, valued at $15,408,147.51. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CFO Kevin M. Moriarty acquired 6,933 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 18th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $36.08 per share, with a total value of $250,142.64. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 1.47% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Avnet Company Profile Avnet, Inc is a distributor of electronic components, enterprise computer, networking and storage products and software, and embedded subsystems. The Company operates through Electronics Marketing (EM) segment. The EM segment markets and sells semiconductors; interconnect, passive and electromechanical devices (IP&E), and embedded products to a customer base serving various end markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AVT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Avnet, Inc. (NYSE:AVT). Receive News & Ratings for Avnet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Avnet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) Stake Increased by Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. Acquires 7,660 Shares of Aramark (ARMK) Loews Corp Invests $225,000 in Athene Holding Ltd (ATH) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 1,198 Shares of Avista Corp (AVA) Heartland Advisors Inc. Has $12.62 Million Stake in American Express Company (AXP) Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Stake Increased by Aviance Capital Partners LLC Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Shares Bought by Bellwether Investment Group LLC Clinton Group Inc. Raises Stake in Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Takes Position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) 158,152 Shares in Alteryx Inc (AYX) Acquired by Monashee Investment Management LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $43.70 Million Stake in Avnet, Inc. (AVT) State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $2.74 Million Position in Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Shares Bought by Legal & General Group Plc Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Has $1.34 Million Stake in American States Water Co (AWR) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Stake in Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Thompson Investment Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in American Express Company (AXP) AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) Stake Cut by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Regulus Therapeutics Inc (RGLS) Cut to Strong Sell at ValuEngine Primo Water Co. (PRMW) Upgraded at ValuEngine RADA Electronic Ind. Ltd. (RADA) Lifted to Buy at ValuEngine Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Takes Position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd acquired a new position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (NYSE:ASR) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor acquired 2,288 shares of the transportation company’s stock, valued at approximately $396,000. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV by 7.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 543,376 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $94,135,000 after buying an additional 36,379 shares during the last quarter. Motley Fool Asset Management LLC increased its position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV by 28.0% in the first quarter. Motley Fool Asset Management LLC now owns 6,400 shares of the transportation company’s stock worth $1,109,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the last quarter. Oxford Asset Management acquired a new position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV during the first quarter worth about $2,805,000. FCA Corp TX acquired a new position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV during the first quarter worth about $225,000. Finally, Stevens Capital Management LP acquired a new position in Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV during the first quarter worth about $403,000. 33.59% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (ASR) traded up 1.24% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $200.20. 23,072 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $192.63 and its 200 day moving average is $164.91. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV has a 52 week low of $131.72 and a 52 week high of $206.68. The firm has a market capitalization of $60.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 280.39 and a beta of 0.66. The business also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a $3.3588 dividend. This represents a yield of 1.7%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. This is a positive change from Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV’s previous annual dividend of $2.70. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV’s dividend payout ratio is currently 40.85%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/dynamic-technology-lab-private-ltd-takes-position-in-grupo-aeroportuario-dl-srst-sab-cv-asr.html. A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Friday, May 12th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $216.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded shares of Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating, one has assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $180.33. About Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste SAB de CV (ASUR) is a holding company. It and its subsidiaries hold concessions to operate, maintain and develop approximately nine airports in the southeast region of Mexico, as well as over 10 airports in Colombia. The Company operates through segments, including Cancun airport and subsidiaries (Cancun), the Villahermosa Airport (Villahermosa), the Merida airport (Merida) and Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ASR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV (NYSE:ASR). Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario dl Srst SAB CV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wintrust Financial Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wintrust Financial Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Has $27.78 Million Position in Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Western Digital Corp (WDC) Shares Sold by Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Marshall Wace North America L.P. Acquires Shares of 645,291 WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Increases Position in ViaSat, Inc. (VSAT) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Sells 63,454 Shares of Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Weber Alan W Lowers Stake in Web.com Group Inc (WEB) Verisign, Inc. (VRSN) Stake Increased by Gruss Capital Management LP Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Has $535,000 Stake in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Stake in Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) iShares Barclays 7-10 Year Trasry Bnd Fd (IEF) Short Interest Down 37.8% in May Segall Bryant & Hamill LLC Lowers Stake in Viavi Solutions Inc (VIAV) Bank of Montreal Can Acquires 391 Shares of Veeco Instruments Inc. (VECO) Fmr LLC Buys 1,940,736 Shares of United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC Buys 351,560 Shares of Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Fiduciary Management Inc. WI Holds Position in Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc (UEPS) Head to Head Comparison: Mattel (MAT) and Hasbro (HAS) Head to Head Comparison: REX American Resources Corp (REX) and Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) Albireo Pharma, Inc. (ALBO) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research ValuEngine Lowers Applied Genetic Technologies Corp (AGTC) to Hold ACI Worldwide Inc (ACIW) Raised to Hold at ValuEngine Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Has $27.78 Million Position in Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Loomis Sayles & Co. L P lowered its stake in shares of Wintrust Financial Corp (NASDAQ:WTFC) by 1.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 401,916 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 7,286 shares during the period. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P’s holdings in Wintrust Financial Corp were worth $27,780,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Wintrust Financial Corp by 189.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,610,423 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $111,312,000 after buying an additional 1,053,900 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Wintrust Financial Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $33,913,000. Bank of Montreal Can raised its position in shares of Wintrust Financial Corp by 71.6% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 567,821 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $39,248,000 after buying an additional 236,884 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Wintrust Financial Corp by 13.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,822,539 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $132,258,000 after buying an additional 222,221 shares during the period. Finally, Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. purchased a new position in shares of Wintrust Financial Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $14,379,000. 93.59% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wintrust Financial Corp (NASDAQ WTFC) opened at 71.29 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $70.81 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.77. The company has a market capitalization of $3.97 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.97 and a beta of 0.89. Wintrust Financial Corp has a one year low of $46.62 and a one year high of $76.71. Wintrust Financial Corp (NASDAQ:WTFC) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The bank reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.10. Wintrust Financial Corp had a net margin of 18.18% and a return on equity of 8.80%. The business had revenue of $261.35 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $268.40 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.90 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Wintrust Financial Corp will post $4.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 25th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th were given a $0.14 dividend. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.79%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, May 9th. Wintrust Financial Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 15.30%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/loomis-sayles-co-l-p-has-27-78-million-position-in-wintrust-financial-corp-wtfc.html. Several equities analysts have weighed in on WTFC shares. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Wintrust Financial Corp in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $72.00 price objective on Wintrust Financial Corp and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Hovde Group increased their price objective on Wintrust Financial Corp from $74.00 to $76.50 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Zacks Investment Research raised Wintrust Financial Corp from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $83.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, ValuEngine raised Wintrust Financial Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $73.25. In related news, Director Gary D. Sweeney bought 515 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $72.81 per share, with a total value of $37,497.15. Following the transaction, the director now owns 2,150 shares in the company, valued at approximately $156,541.50. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider David L. Larson sold 1,519 shares of Wintrust Financial Corp stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.20, for a total transaction of $111,190.80. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,574 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $481,216.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 2.00% of the company’s stock. About Wintrust Financial Corp Wintrust Financial Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company conducts its businesses through three segments: community banking, specialty finance and wealth management. The Company offers community banking services to individuals, small to mid-sized businesses, local governmental units and institutional clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WTFC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wintrust Financial Corp (NASDAQ:WTFC). Receive News & Ratings for Wintrust Financial Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wintrust Financial Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance OraSure Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for OraSure Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Preferred Bank (PFBC) Shares Bought by Systematic Financial Management LP Karp Capital Management Corp Buys Shares of 69,513 Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) SM Energy Co (SM) Coverage Initiated at Credit Suisse Group AG OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Position Increased by Bogle Investment Management L P DE EP Energy Corp (EPE) Stock Rating Lowered by Credit Suisse Group AG O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Shares Sold by SG Americas Securities LLC US Bancorp DE Has $558,000 Position in Opus Bank (OPB) Barclays PLC Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) PDC Energy Inc (PDCE) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Credit Suisse Group AG QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Stake Reduced by OppenheimerFunds Inc. MARSHALL WACE ASIA Ltd Acquires New Position in Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Has $24.90 Million Position in Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Yakira Capital Management Inc. Purchases New Stake in Southwest Bancorp, Inc. (OKSB) Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates Buy Rating for Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) NutriSystem (NTRI) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.56 AK Steel Holding (AKS) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.56 CTS (CTS) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.52 Grupo Financiero Galicia (GGAL) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.51 OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Position Increased by Bogle Investment Management L P DE June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bogle Investment Management L P DE raised its stake in shares of OraSure Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSUR) by 30.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 519,237 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock after buying an additional 119,761 shares during the period. Bogle Investment Management L P DE’s holdings in OraSure Technologies were worth $6,713,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of OraSure Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $9,786,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of OraSure Technologies by 127.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,573,586 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $20,347,000 after buying an additional 881,132 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of OraSure Technologies by 29.6% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,494,674 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $21,903,000 after buying an additional 569,993 shares during the period. Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its position in shares of OraSure Technologies by 1,376.0% in the first quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 455,208 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $5,886,000 after buying an additional 424,368 shares during the period. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of OraSure Technologies by 107.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 816,172 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $10,553,000 after buying an additional 422,645 shares during the period. 79.51% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. OraSure Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ OSUR) opened at 15.43 on Wednesday. OraSure Technologies, Inc. has a 52-week low of $5.57 and a 52-week high of $15.86. The company has a market cap of $891.27 million, a P/E ratio of 29.56 and a beta of 1.44. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $14.27 and its 200-day moving average price is $11.20. OraSure Technologies (NASDAQ:OSUR) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The medical instruments supplier reported $0.21 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. OraSure Technologies had a return on equity of 11.64% and a net margin of 15.38%. The company had revenue of $32.55 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $31.19 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.04 earnings per share. OraSure Technologies’s quarterly revenue was up 11.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that OraSure Technologies, Inc. will post $0.42 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Position Increased by Bogle Investment Management L P DE” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/orasure-technologies-inc-osur-position-increased-by-bogle-investment-management-l-p-de.html. Several equities analysts have commented on OSUR shares. Zacks Investment Research raised OraSure Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Saturday, May 6th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on OraSure Technologies from $12.00 to $16.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised OraSure Technologies from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $11.25 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity set a $12.00 price objective on OraSure Technologies and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. OraSure Technologies currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $12.04. In other OraSure Technologies news, SVP Mark L. Kuna sold 36,413 shares of OraSure Technologies stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.11, for a total value of $550,200.43. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 92,904 shares in the company, valued at $1,403,779.44. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Anthony Zezzo II sold 115,000 shares of OraSure Technologies stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.70, for a total value of $1,690,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 260,410 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,828,027. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 929,859 shares of company stock valued at $13,926,644. 7.80% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. OraSure Technologies Company Profile OraSure Technologies, Inc (OraSure) is involved in the development, manufacture, marketing and sale of oral fluid diagnostic products and specimen collection devices using its technologies, as well as other diagnostic products, including immunoassays and other in vitro diagnostic tests that are used on other specimen types. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding OSUR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for OraSure Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:OSUR). Receive News & Ratings for OraSure Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for OraSure Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GenMark Diagnostics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GenMark Diagnostics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Strs Ohio Decreases Stake in Gaia Inc (GAIA) First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Stake Reduced by Van ECK Associates Corp Biegel & Waller LLC Has $235,000 Position in First Merchants Co. (FRME) Chickasaw Capital Management LLC Has $1,501,000 Position in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Gentex Co. (GNTX) Position Lowered by Fairpointe Capital LLC CHICAGO TRUST Co NA Has $822,000 Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Shares Sold by Heritage Investors Management Corp GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (GNMK) Stake Increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Motif Bio PLC’s (MTFB) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at Northland Securities Ocado Group PLC (OCDO) Rating Reiterated by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Paragon Group of Companies PLC (PAG) Photo-Me International plc (PHTM) Price Target Raised to GBX 202 The Sage Group plc (SGE) Stock Rating Lowered by Numis Securities Ltd Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Sells 220,800 Shares of E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Van ECK Associates Corp Takes Position in Fidus Investment Corp (FDUS) Extreme Networks, Inc (EXTR) Shares Sold by Menta Capital LLC Laurion Capital Management LP Sells 34,100 Shares of Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Stake Increased by Westpac Banking Corp Five Below Inc (FIVE) Shares Bought by TD Asset Management Inc. First of Long Island Corp (FLIC) Stake Reduced by US Bancorp DE GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (GNMK) Stake Increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (NASDAQ:GNMK) by 5.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 3,538,138 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock after buying an additional 170,977 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 0.08% of GenMark Diagnostics worth $45,359,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of GenMark Diagnostics by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 10,694 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $131,000 after buying an additional 39 shares in the last quarter. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC bought a new stake in shares of GenMark Diagnostics during the first quarter worth $142,000. Airain ltd bought a new stake in shares of GenMark Diagnostics during the first quarter worth $159,000. AQR Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of GenMark Diagnostics during the fourth quarter worth $189,000. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of GenMark Diagnostics by 3.9% in the first quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 25,936 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $332,000 after buying an additional 981 shares in the last quarter. GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (NASDAQ:GNMK) opened at 12.46 on Wednesday. GenMark Diagnostics, Inc has a 52-week low of $7.82 and a 52-week high of $13.67. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $12.97 and its 200 day moving average price is $12.28. The firm’s market cap is $586.70 million. GenMark Diagnostics (NASDAQ:GNMK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.30) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.28) by $0.02. GenMark Diagnostics had a negative return on equity of 114.35% and a negative net margin of 98.17%. The business had revenue of $12.54 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $12.55 million. Analysts predict that GenMark Diagnostics, Inc will post ($0.96) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/genmark-diagnostics-inc-gnmk-stake-increased-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. A number of analysts have weighed in on GNMK shares. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $15.00 price target on shares of GenMark Diagnostics in a research report on Sunday, April 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised GenMark Diagnostics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. BTIG Research reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $17.00 price target on shares of GenMark Diagnostics in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of GenMark Diagnostics in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, ValuEngine raised GenMark Diagnostics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. GenMark Diagnostics currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $15.17. In related news, insider Hany Massarany sold 8,239 shares of GenMark Diagnostics stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $12.89, for a total transaction of $106,200.71. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Scott Mendel sold 2,135 shares of GenMark Diagnostics stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $12.89, for a total value of $27,520.15. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 143,079 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,844,288.31. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 16,080 shares of company stock valued at $208,930 in the last quarter. 7.09% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. GenMark Diagnostics Company Profile GenMark Diagnostics, Inc is a molecular diagnostics company. The Company is focused on developing and commercializing multiplex molecular tests that aid in the diagnosis of complex medical conditions. It develops and commercializes multiplex molecular tests based on its eSensor electrochemical detection technology. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GNMK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (NASDAQ:GNMK). Receive News & Ratings for GenMark Diagnostics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GenMark Diagnostics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Given “Hold” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Cintas Co. (CTAS) Shares Bought by Argent Capital Management LLC SenesTech Inc (SNES) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Peel Hunt Raises Watkin Jones PLC (WJG) Price Target to GBX 225 BB&T Securities LLC Has $617,000 Stake in Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) Legal & General Group Plc Buys 19,200 Shares of Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Has $7.32 Million Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) PT Raised to $150.00 at BMO Capital Markets Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Raises Position in Cintas Co. (CTAS) CSX Co. (CSX) Shares Bought by Sei Investments Co. Karp Capital Management Corp Takes Position in CSX Co. (CSX) Bogle Investment Management L P DE Has $4.87 Million Position in Cardiovascular Systems Inc (CSII) Clinton Group Inc. Invests $612,000 in Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Quantum Capital Management LLC NJ Acquires 14,917 Shares of Computer Programs & Systems, Inc. (CPSI) CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Shares Sold by Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Systematic Financial Management LP Has $4.76 Million Position in ConnectOne Bancorp Inc (CNOB) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Boosts Position in Commscope Holding Company Inc (COMM) Bailard Inc. Boosts Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Trexquant Investment LP Invests $294,000 in Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Fjarde AP Fonden Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund Sells 4,738 Shares of CME Group Inc (CME) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Given “Hold” Rating at BMO Capital Markets June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet BMO Capital Markets restated their hold rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday morning. BMO Capital Markets currently has a $85.00 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on JPM. Vetr downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $97.41 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, May 15th. Vining Sparks raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an outperform rating and set a $95.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Guggenheim raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a neutral rating to a buy rating and upped their target price for the company from $88.25 to $96.00 in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upped their target price on JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $47.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Finally, Nomura reissued a neutral rating and issued a $83.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and twenty have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $82.01. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE JPM) opened at 82.96 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $294.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.77 and a beta of 1.49. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $85.74 and a 200-day moving average price of $86.46. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The firm had revenue of $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $1.35 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.68 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-given-hold-rating-at-bmo-capital-markets.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be paid a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.41%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, July 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 31.02%. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, insider Ashley Bacon sold 6,514 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $87.21, for a total value of $568,085.94. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 47,384 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,132,358.64. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total transaction of $918,075.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the general counsel now directly owns 63,344 shares in the company, valued at $5,388,674.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 20,711 shares of company stock worth $1,775,791 over the last three months. Corporate insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 3.5% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 246,169,939 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $21,623,568,000 after buying an additional 8,323,134 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 2,718.8% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 230,231,208 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $20,223,510,000 after buying an additional 222,063,602 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.8% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 170,534,760 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $14,979,775,000 after buying an additional 1,357,194 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 3.5% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 99,991,151 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,783,222,000 after buying an additional 3,404,008 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 8.0% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 35,529,837 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,116,592,000 after buying an additional 2,645,055 shares in the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Helical PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Helical PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Micro Focus International plc’s (MCRO) not rated Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Superconductor Technologies, Inc. (SCON) to Buy Micro Focus International plc (MCRO) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Lighthouse Group plc (LGT) Given “Corporate” Rating at FinnCap Helical PLC (HLCL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Swisscom AG (SCMWY) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Hunting plc (HTG) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Repligen Co. (RGEN) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Intermediate Capital Group plc (ICP) Given Buy Rating at Liberum Capital Peel Hunt Reiterates “Reduce” Rating for Hiscox Ltd (HSX) CA, Inc. (CA) Position Reduced by First Interstate Bank Keybank National Association OH Lowers Position in CA, Inc. (CA) Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Sells 28,977 Shares of Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Increases Stake in Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) Cascade Bancorp (CACB) Shares Bought by Yakira Capital Management Inc. Schneider Capital Management Corp Has $4.03 Million Stake in Builders FirstSource, Inc. (BLDR) BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Position Boosted by Menta Capital LLC Bank of Montreal Can Raises Stake in Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) Position Raised by Yakira Capital Management Inc. Monashee Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc (BLCM) Helical PLC (HLCL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Helical PLC (LON:HLCL)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Monday. They currently have a GBX 340 ($4.39) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price points to a potential upside of 6.25% from the stock’s current price. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Peel Hunt reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 350 ($4.52) price target on shares of Helical PLC in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 468 ($6.05) price target on shares of Helical PLC in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Shares of Helical PLC (LON:HLCL) opened at 321.25 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 375.65 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 334.20 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 308.44. Helical PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 228.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 418.25. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 21st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be paid a GBX 6.20 ($0.08) dividend. This is an increase from Helical PLC’s previous dividend of $2.40. This represents a dividend yield of 1.83%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 22nd. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/helical-plc-hlcl-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Helical PLC Company Profile Helical plc, formerly Helical Bar plc, is a property investment and development company. The Company’s segments include Investment properties and Developments. The Company’s Investment properties segment includes the properties, which are owned ora leased by the Company for long-term income and for capital appreciation, and trading properties, which are owned or leased with the intention to sell. Receive News & Ratings for Helical PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Helical PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Snap Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Snap Inc (SNAP) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Citigroup Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Rating Reiterated by Janney Montgomery Scott AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (AMN) Downgraded by ValuEngine AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Downgraded by ValuEngine Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Cut to Underperform at Evercore ISI Liberum Capital Raises Ramsdens Holdings PLC (RFX) Price Target to GBX 162 Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for SGL Carbon SE (SGL) Volkswagen AG (VOW3) PT Set at €174.00 by Barclays PLC Gas Natural Inc (EGAS) Raised to Buy at ValuEngine Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.45 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Spark Energy Inc (SPKE) Reduced by Analyst HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Kering (PP) a €365.00 Price Target Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC NiSource’s (NI) “Equal Weight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC BankFinancial Co. (BFIN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Caesars Entertainment Corp (CZR) Research Coverage Started at CIBC Snap Inc (SNAP) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Monday. They presently have a $18.00 price target on the stock, down from their previous price target of $20.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price would indicate a potential downside of 11.59% from the company’s previous close. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Snap from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $20.33 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Monness Crespi & Hardt initiated coverage on shares of Snap in a research note on Monday, March 20th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $25.00 target price for the company. Drexel Hamilton initiated coverage on shares of Snap in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a “buy” rating and a $30.00 target price for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on shares of Snap in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $27.00 target price for the company. Finally, Citigroup Inc initiated coverage on shares of Snap in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $27.00 target price for the company. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $21.86. Snap (SNAP) opened at 20.36 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $21.17 and a 200-day moving average of $21.45. Snap has a 12-month low of $17.59 and a 12-month high of $29.44. The stock’s market cap is $24.00 billion. Snap (NYSE:SNAP) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The company reported ($2.31) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($2.05) by $0.26. Snap had a negative return on equity of 337.23% and a negative net margin of 1,476.02%. The firm had revenue of $149.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $158.32 million. The business’s revenue was up 285.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Snap will post ($0.57) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/06/snap-inc-snap-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. US Bancorp DE purchased a new stake in Snap during the first quarter valued at about $101,000. WFG Advisors LP purchased a new stake in Snap during the first quarter valued at about $109,000. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. purchased a new stake in Snap during the first quarter valued at about $158,000. Pacer Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in Snap during the first quarter valued at about $205,000. Finally, Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. purchased a new stake in Snap during the first quarter valued at about $223,000. About Snap Snap Inc, formerly Snapchat, Inc, is a camera company. The Company’s flagship product, Snapchat, is a camera application that helps people to communicate through short videos and images known as a Snap. The Company offers three ways for people to make Snaps: the Snapchat application, Publishers Tools that help its partners to create Publisher Stories, and Spectacles, its sunglasses that make Snaps. Receive News & Ratings for Snap Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Orange SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Orange SA (ORA) PT Set at €17.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sanofi SA (SAN) PT Set at €91.00 by Morgan Stanley Steinhoff International Holdings NV (SNH) PT Set at €5.60 by Morgan Stanley Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.50 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Sigma Designs Inc (SIGM) Trading Down 8.1% After Earnings Miss Investors Buy Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) on Weakness on Insider Selling Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Given a $99.00 Price Target by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Analysts EVINE Live Inc (EVLV) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Forum Energy Technologies Inc (FET) PT Set at $19.00 by Jefferies Group LLC CBS Co. (CBS) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Viking Therapeutics Inc (VKTX) PT Set at $5.00 by Maxim Group Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company IAMGOLD Corp (IAG) PT Set at $5.00 by BMO Capital Markets Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Given a $120.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Encision Inc (ECIA) Upgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Top Pick” Rating for Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNQ) Capricor Therapeutics Inc (CAPR) Cut to “Strong Sell” at ValuEngine Patrizia Immobilien (P1Z) PT Set at €24.00 by Berenberg Bank Canaccord Genuity Group Inc (CF) Upgraded at TD Securities Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Given New C$29.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Orange SA (ORA) PT Set at €17.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Orange SA (EPA:ORA) has been given a €17.50 ($19.66) price objective by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €20.50 ($23.03) price objective on shares of Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Morgan Stanley set a €20.50 ($23.03) price objective on shares of Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €17.40 ($19.55) price objective on shares of Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €16.50 ($18.54) target price on shares of Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, S&P Global set a €17.00 ($19.10) target price on shares of Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Orange SA presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €17.33 ($19.47). Shares of Orange SA (EPA ORA) opened at 15.315 on Tuesday. Orange SA has a 1-year low of €12.38 and a 1-year high of €15.80. The company’s 50-day moving average is €15.02 and its 200 day moving average is €14.52. The firm has a market capitalization of €40.74 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.769. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Orange SA (ORA) PT Set at €17.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/orange-sa-ora-pt-set-at-17-50-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Orange SA Orange SA is a telecommunications operator. The Company also provides telecommunication services to multinational companies, under the brand Orange Business Services. The Company’s segments include France, Spain, Poland, Belgium and Luxembourg, Central European countries, Africa and Middle East, Enterprise, and International Carriers & Shared Services. Receive News & Ratings for Orange SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Start Ups FX Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX News Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism ASEAN World War 3 China EU Real Estate Lifestyle Luxury Dining Spa Hollywood Art Shopping Travel Dubai Thailand Hong Kong Italy Vietnam Palm Beach Tahiti USA Abu Dhabi Roatan Indonesia Japan Australia Singapore Health Horse Racing Dubai World Cup Kentucky Derby Royal Ascot USA Australia Hong Kong Japan UK Singapore Horse Sales News Breeding UK Horse Racing France Breeders Cup Godolphin Coolmore Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Free Trial IR Hot Start Ups Managed FX Real Estate Feature Companies Services Consulting EB5 CrowdFunding Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Calendar Live Charts Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council By Paul Ebeling on June 7, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council $WMT, $JPM, $IBM, $GE, $BA, $BX Major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), JP Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) and IBM Corp (NYSE:IBM) have said their CEO’s will remain in an influential Presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with The Trump Administration, American business leaders said they will remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Last Thursday, President Trump said he would pull the United States from the Y 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from some world leaders and some heads of industry. Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) CEO Robert Iger left White House advisory councils after President Trump’s deceleration Asked about CEO’s’ criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Mr. Spicer added he does not know if President Trump will replace Messrs Musk and Iger on the business council. “IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world,” a company spokeswoman said. Jamie Dimon CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized President Trump’s decision, but said he would not step down from the President’s business group. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment,” Mr. Dimon said in a statement. General Electric Co (NYSE:GE) CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on President Trump’s manufacturing council, said he was disappointed in the decision and added: “Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Mr. Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on President Trump’s manufacturing council, called the withdrawal “a failure of American leadership.” A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve “as a voice for working people.” Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) CEO Dennis Muilenburg will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In a TV interview last Friday, Mr. Cohn said the move was part of the administration’s efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. “If we can grow our economy, we’re going to consume more and more products,” he said. “We’re going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption.” President Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (NYSE:BX). Blackrock Inc CEO Larry Fink said he will continue to serve on President Trump’s business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (NYSE:GM) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra will remain on the Presidential advisory panel. Stay tuned…   accord, BA, business, BX, council, GE, IBM, JPM, Paris, president, Trump, WMT Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council added by Paul Ebeling on June 7, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) Recreational Marijuana Use Coming to California in 2018 - June 8, 2017 Morning Briefing Global Stocks - June 8, 2017 Gold, Silver, Copper and Crude Oil Briefing - June 8, 2017 Related posts: President Trump Ended Mr. Hussein Obama’s ‘War on America Business’ Monday, President Donald Trump Vowed to Cut Regulations & Taxes The US “War on Business” is Over in The Age of Trumpism “American Spirit” Ignited, US Business & Consumer Confidence Running High Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.     Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Beach Bum Kit Calendar Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Fast Jets USA Feature Companies HEFFX Knightsbridge Law Miami Bikini Shop Race Horse Syndication Free Trial Hot Start Ups IR Knightsbridge Agriculture Live Charts Managed FX One Ohana Real Estate 11 11 Hotels – Thailand Heart of Europe-Dubai Services Asia Business Asset Management Consulting CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vornado Realty Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vornado Realty Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Shares Sold by Neuberger Berman Group LLC Fairpointe Capital LLC Buys 200 Shares of VMware, Inc. (VMW) Bridgewater Associates LP Takes Position in Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Shares Bought by Columbus Hill Capital Management L.P. California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 14,600 Shares of Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK Buys 1,896 Shares of VMware, Inc. (VMW) ONEOK (OKE) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.12 Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. Has $17.97 Million Stake in Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Laurion Capital Management LP Has $720,000 Position in Invesco Van Kmpn Calf Vl Mncpl Incm Trst (VCV) VF Corp (VFC) Shares Bought by Pacer Advisors Inc. United Technologies Co. (UTX) Shares Sold by Profund Advisors LLC QUALCOMM (QCOM) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.07 Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Stake Increased by United Services Automobile Association Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Shares Bought by Victory Capital Management Inc. Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 120,109 Shares of Visa Inc (V) Anchor Capital Advisors LLC Has $355,000 Stake in United States Cellular Corp (USM) Brokerages Set Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Target Price at $153.67 Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Diageo plc (DGE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Hlt Holdco Iii Prime Llc Sells 15,000,000 Shares of Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Stock California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 14,600 Shares of Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet California Public Employees Retirement System cut its position in Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO) by 3.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 392,613 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 14,600 shares during the period. California Public Employees Retirement System owned approximately 0.21% of Vornado Realty Trust worth $39,383,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of VNO. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 14.2% in the first quarter. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. now owns 4,693,340 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $470,789,000 after buying an additional 582,843 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Vornado Realty Trust by 8.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,584,977 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $459,920,000 after buying an additional 367,657 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Vornado Realty Trust during the fourth quarter worth about $447,470,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Vornado Realty Trust by 6.9% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 4,053,337 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $406,591,000 after buying an additional 260,216 shares during the period. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in Vornado Realty Trust by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,299,643 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $240,010,000 after buying an additional 21,125 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 90.25% of the company’s stock. Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) traded up 0.81% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $92.00. 1,216,816 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market cap of $17.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.77 and a beta of 0.88. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $95.25 and a 200 day moving average price of $101.80. Vornado Realty Trust has a 52 week low of $86.35 and a 52 week high of $111.72. Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $1.13 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.64. The business had revenue of $620.85 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $642 million. Vornado Realty Trust had a net margin of 36.19% and a return on equity of 4.57%. Vornado Realty Trust’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.61) EPS. Analysts anticipate that Vornado Realty Trust will post $1.53 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Monday, May 8th were issued a dividend of $0.71 per share. This represents a $2.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.09%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 4th. Vornado Realty Trust’s payout ratio is 65.59%. WARNING: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/california-public-employees-retirement-system-sells-14600-shares-of-vornado-realty-trust-vno.html. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on VNO shares. Barclays PLC upped their price target on shares of Vornado Realty Trust from $101.00 to $104.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Evercore ISI upped their price target on shares of Vornado Realty Trust from $113.00 to $114.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Deutsche Bank AG decreased their price target on shares of Vornado Realty Trust from $105.00 to $103.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Thursday, May 25th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Vornado Realty Trust from a “c+” rating to a “b+” rating in a report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Vornado Realty Trust from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $109.64. Vornado Realty Trust Company Profile Vornado Realty Trust is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company conducts its business through Vornado Realty L.P. (the Operating Partnership). The Company operates through two segments: New York and Washington, DC. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s New York segment consisted of 28.3 million square feet in 86 properties. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VNO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO). Receive News & Ratings for Vornado Realty Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vornado Realty Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United States Cellular Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Cellular Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 120,109 Shares of Visa Inc (V) Anchor Capital Advisors LLC Has $355,000 Stake in United States Cellular Corp (USM) Brokerages Set Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Target Price at $153.67 Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Diageo plc (DGE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Hlt Holdco Iii Prime Llc Sells 15,000,000 Shares of Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Stock Insider Selling: Corning Incorporated (GLW) CEO Sells 153,500 Shares of Stock Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc (RETA) Major Shareholder Sells $2,527,395.28 in Stock Raytheon Company (RTN) Chairman Sells $1,734,421.15 in Stock Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Bonds Rise 1.5% During Trading $0.26 Earnings Per Share Expected for Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) This Quarter Tredje AP fonden Reduces Stake in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Shares Sold by Rothschild Capital Partners LLC Tredje AP fonden Has $1.34 Million Stake in Unum Group (UNM) Unilever NV (UN) Position Maintained by Tradition Capital Management LLC Brokerages Expect United States Cellular Corp (USM) to Announce $0.22 Earnings Per Share Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Continues to Hold Stake in UniFirst Corp (UNF) Unilever plc (UL) Shares Bought by Sei Investments Co. UGI Corp (UGI) Shares Bought by Cipher Capital LP Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. Increases Stake in UGI Corp (UGI) Anchor Capital Advisors LLC Has $355,000 Stake in United States Cellular Corp (USM) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Anchor Capital Advisors LLC cut its stake in United States Cellular Corp (NYSE:USM) by 5.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 9,508 shares of the Wireless communications provider’s stock after selling 560 shares during the period. Anchor Capital Advisors LLC’s holdings in United States Cellular Corp were worth $355,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of United States Cellular Corp by 13.6% in the first quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 48,516 shares of the Wireless communications provider’s stock valued at $1,811,000 after buying an additional 5,799 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of United States Cellular Corp by 18.1% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 15,098 shares of the Wireless communications provider’s stock valued at $564,000 after buying an additional 2,310 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of United States Cellular Corp by 9.1% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 647,496 shares of the Wireless communications provider’s stock valued at $24,171,000 after buying an additional 54,000 shares during the period. Clinton Group Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of United States Cellular Corp during the first quarter valued at $1,259,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of United States Cellular Corp by 43.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 23,303 shares of the Wireless communications provider’s stock valued at $870,000 after buying an additional 7,104 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 14.43% of the company’s stock. Shares of United States Cellular Corp (USM) traded down 0.72% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $40.24. 56,416 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $3.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 52.81 and a beta of 0.84. United States Cellular Corp has a 1-year low of $33.30 and a 1-year high of $46.01. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $38.95 and a 200 day moving average of $40.29. United States Cellular Corp (NYSE:USM) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The Wireless communications provider reported $0.31 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.11 by $0.20. United States Cellular Corp had a net margin of 1.30% and a return on equity of 1.42%. The company had revenue of $936 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $955.13 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.10 earnings per share. United States Cellular Corp’s revenue was down 3.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that United States Cellular Corp will post $0.56 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/anchor-capital-advisors-llc-has-355000-stake-in-united-states-cellular-corp-usm.html. Several analysts have weighed in on the stock. ValuEngine upgraded shares of United States Cellular Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of United States Cellular Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of United States Cellular Corp in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, FBR & Co assumed coverage on shares of United States Cellular Corp in a research note on Monday, February 27th. They issued an “underperform” rating and a $30.00 price objective for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have given a hold rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $38.33. In other news, SVP Deirdre Drake sold 6,755 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $38.72, for a total value of $261,553.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Jay Ellison sold 8,447 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $38.85, for a total transaction of $328,165.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 22,236 shares of company stock valued at $854,550 over the last 90 days. 1.20% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About United States Cellular Corp United States Cellular Corporation (U.S. Cellular) is a provider of wireless telecommunication services. The Company’s wireless operating markets are in the United States. U.S. Cellular provides service to postpaid and prepaid customers from a range of demographic segments. The Company focuses on retail consumers, government and small-to-mid-size business customers in industries, such as construction, retail, professional services and real estate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding USM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for United States Cellular Corp (NYSE:USM). Receive News & Ratings for United States Cellular Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Cellular Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Simpson Manufacturing Co Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Simpson Manufacturing Co Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Given “Outperform” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Stifel Financial Corp Reduces Position in Suburban Propane Partners LP (SPH) Regal Beloit Corp (RBC) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Snyder Capital Management L P Sells 3,932 Shares of Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Positive Press Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Affect J M Smucker (SJM) Stock Price Tanger Factory Outlet Centers (SKT) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Micron Technology’s (MU) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus goeasy Ltd (GSY) Given New C$40.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets KB Home (KBH) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Ciena Co. (CIEN) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research NCR Co. (NCR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Buys New Position in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Reduces Position in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Thomas White International Ltd. Reduces Position in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Suntrust Banks Inc. Buys Shares of 8,508 Intrawest Resorts Holdings Inc (SNOW) Tekla Capital Management LLC Has $13,093,000 Position in Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) South Dakota Investment Council Has $2.54 Million Position in Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) Sun Life Financial Inc (SLF) Stake Cut by Mackenzie Financial Corp Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Stake Increased by Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Snyder Capital Management L P Sells 3,932 Shares of Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Snyder Capital Management L P reduced its position in Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (NYSE:SSD) by 0.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 841,841 shares of the construction company’s stock after selling 3,932 shares during the period. Simpson Manufacturing Co accounts for approximately 1.9% of Snyder Capital Management L P’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 20th largest position. Snyder Capital Management L P’s holdings in Simpson Manufacturing Co were worth $36,275,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Simpson Manufacturing Co by 46.1% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,470,632 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $63,369,000 after buying an additional 464,356 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Simpson Manufacturing Co during the fourth quarter worth about $18,946,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Simpson Manufacturing Co by 20.2% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,057,804 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $45,580,000 after buying an additional 177,602 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Simpson Manufacturing Co by 111.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 336,836 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $14,514,000 after buying an additional 177,527 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Two Sigma Investments LP bought a new stake in Simpson Manufacturing Co during the fourth quarter worth approximately $5,996,000. Institutional investors own 83.32% of the company’s stock. Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (NYSE:SSD) traded down 0.15% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $40.96. The company had a trading volume of 122,327 shares. Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. has a 12-month low of $37.06 and a 12-month high of $48.41. The company has a 50-day moving average of $41.40 and a 200-day moving average of $43.30. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.95 billion, a PE ratio of 20.47 and a beta of 1.41. Simpson Manufacturing Co (NYSE:SSD) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The construction company reported $0.30 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.05. Simpson Manufacturing Co had a return on equity of 10.33% and a net margin of 10.43%. The company had revenue of $219.87 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $210.66 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.34 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 10.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. will post $2.07 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 27th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be issued a $0.21 dividend. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.05%. This is an increase from Simpson Manufacturing Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.18. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, July 3rd. Simpson Manufacturing Co’s payout ratio is 38.71%. WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/snyder-capital-management-l-p-sells-3932-shares-of-simpson-manufacturing-co-inc-ssd.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered Simpson Manufacturing Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Simpson Manufacturing Co Company Profile Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc, through its subsidiary, Simpson Strong-Tie Company Inc (SST), designs, engineers and manufactures wood construction products, including connectors, truss plates, fastening systems, fasteners and pre-fabricated lateral systems used in light-frame construction. The Company’s segments are North America, Europe, Asia/Pacific, and Administrative & All Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SSD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (NYSE:SSD). Receive News & Ratings for Simpson Manufacturing Co Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Simpson Manufacturing Co Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Morning Top 10 Thursday Here are 5 ‘high conviction’ stock picks from Credit Suisse Morning Top 10 Wednesday Tyson Foods to rally 20% due to its prepared foods business, Barclays says Morning Top 10 Tuesday Wall Street says eBay is a rare ‘internet value story’ Morning Top 10 Monday Blue Apron's nauseating IPO numbers Analog Devices to fall more than 10% due to its high valuation, analyst says Buy Yum China on better fast food sales growth, JPMorgan says Breakingviews: Deere's Wirtgen deal is paved with good intentions Buy Skechers on its new shoe products turnaround, Citi Research says Morning Top 10 Thursday Buy hot chip stock Micron on rising flash memory pricing, analyst says Buy Gogo because of faster in-flight internet access technology, analyst says Morning Top 10 Wednesday Goldman steps in avoidable $2.8 billion Venezuela mess Buy Calvin Klein-owner PVH for its international growth, Credit Suisse says TipRanks: Insiders with great track records are buying these 3 stocks Morning Top 10 Tuesday Norwegian Cruise Line to rally 20% on improving demand, analyst says Morning Top 10 Friday Retailers’ upturn is a false bill of goods Shake Shack’s profits to double in five years as it adds more restaurants, analyst says Morning Top 10 Wednesday Jim Paulsen: 8 reasons to still love this bull Goldman makes Wingstop one of its favorite stocks Morning Top 10 Tuesday Hedge funds hate these 10 stocks, Goldman says Buy Qualcomm because NXP acquisition benefit outweighs Apple risk, JPMorgan says Here are 3 top stock ideas from JPMorgan into its big technology conference This cybersecurity stock to rally more than 30% on a sales rebound, Jefferies says Morning Top 10 Friday Here are 3 top option trade ideas from Goldman Shake Shack to rally more than 15% on improving profits, Wedbush says Morning Top 10 Thursday Amazon to reach $1,110 this year on increasing dominance, JPMorgan says Wall Street upgrades oil and gas stock ConocoPhillips on rising dividends Morning Top 10 Wednesday Here are the stocks the top-performing hedge funds are buying TipRanks: 5 favorite tech stocks from the Street's top analysts Bet on Alibaba into its earnings report, analyst says Morning Top 10 Tuesday Buy Starbucks because it's a 'one-of-a-kind' company, Deustche Bank says Morning Top 10 Monday JPMorgan says this chemical stock, which has quadrupled, will keep rising Morning Top 10 Friday Goldman Sachs sees a new threat to the bull market Viacom downgraded on the risk cable companies may drop its networks Morning Top 10 Wednesday Wall Street downgrades Cisco because of its ‘struggling’ router business Morning Top 10 Tuesday Warren Buffett explains what it takes to become a great investor Here are 5 ‘high conviction’ stock ideas from Credit Suisse Hedge fund manager Tilson thinks Berkshire is great buy Morning Top 10 Friday Wall St. loves Facebook and raises price targets after earnings — research wrap These are the 5 favorite stocks of the top financial analysts Delphi goes where carmakers dream Wall Street says ignore disappointing Apple quarter, keep buying Morning Top 10 Wednesday When traders get this carefree about the market, it usually doesn’t end well Here are 4 top stock ideas from JPMorgan’s research team Morning Top 10 Tuesday Tech stock was downgraded after doubling in a year, 'As good as it gets' JPMorgan: Bank stocks are cheap relative to the market Buy Dunkin' Brands because it may raise its dividend, share buyback: RBC says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: These 3 big investor worries seem way overblown Consumers provide new sort of Trump bump Buy Apple due to ‘pent up demand’ for the iPhone 8, Credit Suisse says Morning Top 10 Friday Here’s how Trump’s stock market in the first 100 days stacks up against the rest Here's how Wall Street is reacting to Trump's tax plan Sell in May? Yes, but traders may want to hang around for the thrill ride Breakingviews: Twitter will need more than just user growth Here's who Wall Street thinks could buy struggling Ugg-maker Deckers Here is a quick way old-media Fox could jump into the digital age TipRanks: Insiders with great track records are buying these 3 stocks Apple is a 'safe haven' for investors in a volatile world, analyst says Santoli: Value stocks are ready to make another run at growth Here are 5 internet stock picks from Cowen for earnings season McDonald's new burgers, better food menu to increase profits, Wall Street says Morning Top 10 Friday Hedge fund assets reach new high of $3.1 trillion on positive returns Morning Top 10 Thursday Here are 4 ‘high conviction’ stock ideas from Morgan Stanley for earnings season Bet on AMD, this other hot stock into earnings: Options trader Buy Coca-Cola for its return to earnings growth next year, Credit Suisse says Morning Top 10 Wednesday Goldman's fintech revolution can’t come fast enough The strongest earnings growth in 5 years will fail to boost the market: JPMorgan Netflix bulls on Wall Street unfazed by mixed results — research wrap Buy McDonald's because of its new menu offerings, digital ordering, Bernstein says Apple's services business will double in 3 years, Credit Suisse predicts Morning Top 10 Tuesday Goldman makes this beer importer one of its favorite stocks Buy Imax because of its improving China box office, analyst says Morning Top 10 Monday U.S. banks all dressed up no where to grow › Pro Analysis Here are 5 ‘high conviction’ stock picks from Credit Suisse Tae Kim | @firstadopter 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Timothy A. Clark | AFP | Getty Images JP Morgan Chase World Headquarters on Park Avenue in New York. Credit Suisse shared with its clients the firm's best current stock picks. This is our "one-stop shop for the research team's best ideas. Every U.S. and Canadian research analyst identifies and ranks up to three top stock picks," Arbin Sherchan wrote in a report Wednesday. The analysts are "highlighting only high conviction ideas." Each pick is based on a six- to 12-month time horizon and represents a "snapshot" of the analysts' thinking. Here are five companies that made Credit Suisse's recommended list and their price targets. 1) BlackRock (BLK) Credit Suisse analyst Craig Siegenthaler has a $527 price target for BlackRock, representing 27 percent upside from Tuesday's close. "BLK owns the largest ETF manager in the world in iShares, which is large across all key product segments and in most geographies. We view ETF and passive as high growth segments, and we believe BLK's iShares business will capitalize on the secular trends." Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change LRCX --- MSFT --- CELG --- JPM --- BLK --- Pro Analysis Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Thursday morning Here are 5 ‘high conviction’ stock picks from Credit Suisse Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Wednesday morning Tyson Foods to rally 20% due to its prepared foods business, Barclays says Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Tuesday morning To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HFF Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HFF Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Letko Brosseau & Associates Inc. Lowers Position in Hess Corp. (HES) HFF, Inc. (HF) Position Increased by Stifel Financial Corp Edward G. Atsinger III Sells 17,979 Shares of Salem Media Group Inc (SALM) Stock Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) PT Set at $52.00 by Canaccord Genuity United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) Given a $45.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Tegna (TGNA) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Terex (TEX) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.22 Tesco (TESO) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Torchmark (TMK) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds TearLab Corp (TEAR) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.23 Toll Brothers (TOL) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect TreeHouse Foods (THS) Share Price Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Taubman Centers (TCO) Stock Price Head-To-Head Survey: Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. (EROC) & Alon USA Energy (ALJ) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $374.71 Million Head to Head Comparison: VCA (WOOF) and Regis (RGS) Zumiez Inc. (ZUMZ) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.08 Per Share Analyzing MYR Group (MYRG) & Quanta Services (PWR) Graco Inc. (GGG) Position Cut by Quantum Capital Management LLC NJ Fortive Corp (FTV) Shares Bought by San Francisco Sentry Investment Group CA HFF, Inc. (HF) Position Increased by Stifel Financial Corp June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Stifel Financial Corp increased its position in HFF, Inc. (NYSE:HF) by 27.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 106,925 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 23,212 shares during the period. Stifel Financial Corp’s holdings in HFF were worth $2,956,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in HF. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of HFF by 13.4% in the first quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 4,247,115 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $117,518,000 after buying an additional 502,814 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of HFF by 10.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,804,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $77,593,000 after buying an additional 265,234 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of HFF by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,425,987 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $43,136,000 after buying an additional 8,763 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of HFF by 1.1% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 933,037 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $25,818,000 after buying an additional 9,878 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp increased its position in shares of HFF by 5.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 864,230 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $26,140,000 after buying an additional 42,040 shares in the last quarter. 87.34% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of HFF, Inc. (NYSE HF) traded up 0.22% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $32.10. 37,757 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $30.59 and its 200 day moving average is $29.65. HFF, Inc. has a 52 week low of $24.84 and a 52 week high of $33.35. The company has a market capitalization of $1.24 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.08 and a beta of 1.41. HFF (NYSE:HF) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The financial services provider reported $0.50 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.31 by $0.19. HFF had a net margin of 15.80% and a return on equity of 43.76%. The firm had revenue of $138.81 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $124.68 million. Equities analysts forecast that HFF, Inc. will post $2.19 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/hff-inc-hf-position-increased-by-stifel-financial-corp.html. HF has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of HFF in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of HFF from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. TheStreet raised shares of HFF from a “c” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of HFF from a “buy” rating to an “underweight” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, William Blair downgraded shares of HFF from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Friday, March 24th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $32.00. In related news, insider Matthew D. Lawton sold 16,335 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $31.55, for a total transaction of $515,369.25. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 268,576 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,473,572.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 7.40% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About HFF HFF, Inc is a holding company. The Company holds the partnership interests in Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, L.P. and HFF Securities L.P. (together, the Operating Partnerships), held through the subsidiary HFF Partnership Holdings, LLC, and all of the outstanding shares of Holliday GP Corp. (Holliday GP). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HFF, Inc. (NYSE:HF). Receive News & Ratings for HFF Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HFF Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Sponsor Gold Hits $700 by 2018? Here’s Where to Stash Your Cash Instead Home | Economy Tags: Jamie | Dimon | America | Act | Together | Economy Jamie Dimon: 'America Has to Get Its Act Together' Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (Sipa via AP Images) By f mchgioer   |   Wednesday, 07 Jun 2017 01:47 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Jamie Dimon, the chairman and chief executive officer of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., is so frustrated with some of the nation’s ailments, his prescription is stunningly blunt: “America has got to get its act together.” "I could go on and on and make a list of all the things that have slowed us down and held us back and affected jobs and wages," he said, CNBC reported. "I think America has got to get its act together about a bunch of stuff, not just one." CNBC reported that Dimon implored the public to focus on "three really bad facts" that are limiting growth for the U.S. economy: Some 70 percent of young men are ineligible for military service "because of either education — they can't read or write — or health, mostly obesity and diabetes. That's an unbelievable number," Dimon said, citing a Pentagon study.  "Half the kids in inner city schools don't graduate," he said. "Even those who graduate, they're not able to work a proper job," he said in reference to a study nearly a decade ago. The labor force participation rate among American men has fallen sharply over the last generation or so. Government records show that the rate among men ages 25 to 54 has fallen from 96 percent in 1970 to 88.4 percent in May. Dimon also “blasted the regulatory climate, saying small-business formation has been limited and prospective homebuyers can't get access to mortgages,” CNBC reported. Dimon seemingly is criticizing problems which have haunted the nation for decades and isn't lashing out at President Donald Trump. Earlier last month, Dimon told shareholders that he supports Trump out of patriotic duty. He spoke at the bank’s annual shareholder meeting and urged the business community to work with the Trump administration to tackle issues like preparing young people to enter the work force, according to CNBC. "He is the President of the United States. I believe he is the pilot flying our airplane," Dimon said at the shareholder meeting in Delaware, "I would try to help any President of the United States because I'm a patriot." Dimon is a registered Democrat who has said he wants to stay out of party politics and focus on solutions to helping the U.S. economy, which has suffered from wage stagnation and shrinking participation in the work force in the past 30 years. Dimon is chairman of the Business Roundtable, a conservative group of CEOs formed to promote pro-business public policy. Meanwhile, some of the most respected economic gurus of modern times urge patience while Trump's administration battles Democratic barriers to the full implementation of the president's blueprint to truly "Make America Great Again." Veteran financial guru and former Ronald Reagan adviser Larry Kudlow is urging any impatient investors to just give Trump a chance to fully enact his strategies to reform healthcare, spark economic growth and redesign the tax system. After all, Trump has been in office a relatively short time and has inherited a mountain of problems from the past two decades. “He's trying to fix a lot of problems that have gone unfixed in the last 20 years,” Kudlow explained to CNBC. Trump “still wants tax reform and healthcare reform. Those are big issues for him.” the Newsmax Finance Insider said. David Horowitz, author of the best-selling book "Big Agenda: President Trump's Plan to Save America," told Newsmax TV that the market rally since Trump won the election has more room for gains as the president pushes his pro-business agenda. “There's more upside. Starting from when he was president-elect he started this stock market boom,” he told Newsmax TV's “The Income Generation Show.” “There will be corrections. There are going to be setbacks along the way like the healthcare which they hurried too fast. If you're looking over the long term of this administration I think the stock market is going to love Trump,” Horowitz said. (Newsmax wires services contributed to this report). Related Stories: Jamie Dimon: School Dropout Rates Are 'National Catastrophe' Kashkari Slams Jamie Dimon's Complaints About Regulatory Burden Jamie Dimon: I'll Help Trump Because 'I'm a Patriot' © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Economy JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon is so frustrated with some of the nation's ailments, his prescription is stunningly blunt: "America has got to get its act together." Jamie, Dimon, America, Act, Together, Economy 657 Wednesday, 07 Jun 2017 01:47 PM 2017-47-07 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: Trump Is Right to Withdraw From Climate Deal Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 143 comments This is right for us. We shouldn't have to be part of an agreement that is... CNBC's Ron Insana: Jobs Report Could Be Start of 'Worrying Trend' Friday, 02 Jun 2017 | 31 comments Believe nothing - absolutely nothing that originates from Ron Insana. He... Analysts: Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 62 comments "Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs"....what an absolutely... The World's $100 Trillion Question: Why Is Inflation So Low? Tuesday, 06 Jun 2017 | 19 comments Where's the inflation? Anyone who goes food shopping or shopping for basic... Trump's Twitter Criticism of London Mayor May Harm Relations Monday, 05 Jun 2017 | 14 comments Trump's just telling everybody the hard truths of the real world.Sometimes... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Watch Live: Fmr. FBI Director James Comey testifies on Trump, Russia talks More | Dismiss Jamie Dimon on America's big problem: Millions of men missing from labor market ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Jamie Dimon on America's big problem: Millions of men missing from labor market Published June 07, 2017 Business Leaders FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print (Reuters) Don’t tell J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon the U.S. lacks enough people to fill open jobs and get the U.S. economy moving faster in the long run. Continue Reading Below The banking VIP and current chairman of the Business Roundtable told reporters this week that America has a big problem: millions of prime-aged men have dropped out of the labor force. Dimon pointed out the share of men ages 25 to 54 who are considered part of the labor force has declined to around 88% from as high as 97% a half-century ago. In effect, about 10 million men have gone missing. More from FOXBusiness.com Christopher Wray: 3 things to know about Trump's FBI pick Sears is closing another 72 stores: report Oil prices plunge on surprise inventory build That one figure alone, he suggested, shows the U.S. labor market is not as tight as it appears despite a 4.3% unemployment rate that’s at a 16-year low. “That’s not demographics, folks. That’s a huge number,” Dimon said Tuesday in a conference call hosted by the round table. “There is something wrong.” Click here to read the full article on MarketWatch.com  What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/u-s-steel-things-fall-apart-1496845231 Stocks to Watch U.S. Steel: Things Fall Apart? Shares of U.S. Steel are rallying today after JPMorgan's Michael Gambardella wrote that this year's selloff has created "an excellent entry point" in its stock. By Ben Levisohn June 7, 2017 10:20 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large U.S. Steel's (X) stock has fallen apart this year after the U.S. steel company reported terrible first-quarter earnings--the market's judgement, not mine--and said it would need to spend more to increase production. And that year-to-date decline doesn't really do it justice, as U.S. Steel's stock has tumbled 48% from its February high. Illustration: Agence France-Presse/Getty Images JPMorgan's Michael Gambardella and team, however, claim that U.S. Steel is "not falling apart," even if its stock has. They explain why: In our opinion, X’s stock price reflects a far too negative view. The reinvestment needs and comparisons to competitors are grossly misunderstood. Management is preparing X’s facilities to exploit better supply and demand fundamentals in the U.S. as the Trump Administration should reduce import supplies in the near term and increase infrastructure demand longer term. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross plans to come up with a proposal for the Section 232 investigation to deliver to President Trump by the end of this month. We believe the Administration may opt for steel quotas in addition to existing tariffs as a way to stop foreign mills from circumventing our trade laws. This would have a significant positive impact on domestic steel fundamentals, steel pricing, and stock prices in our view. We believe X’s current stock price is an excellent entry point for investors. Shares of U.S Steel have gained 2.9% to $20.88 at 10:14 a.m. today, while AK Steel has risen 2.3% to $6.03, Steel Dynamics has advanced 0.5% to $34.37, and Nucor has ticked up 0.2% to $57.91. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Making Macy's Great Again? NEXT Ford Motor: What Happens Now? Most Popular Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller The Market Shows Relief Over Comey Testimony India IT: Heads Up … Layoffs Ahead Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 57 mins S&P 500 2,432.95 -0.19 (-0.01%) Dow 30 21,186.40 +12.71 (+0.06%) Nasdaq 6,296.14 -1.24 (-0.02%) 3 'really bad facts' are hurting the US economy, according to JPMorgan CEO Dimon Jeff Cox CNBC June 7, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon runs the largest bank in the country but is frustrated by obstacles he sees keeping young people from having bright futures and workers from getting higher pay. Speaking Wednesday at a Business Roundtable summit, Dimon implored the public to focus on "three really bad facts" that are limiting growth for the U.S. economy. Some 70 percent of young men are ineligible for military service "because of either education — they can't read or write — or health, mostly obesity and diabetes. That's an unbelievable number," Dimon said. The number comes from a Pentagon study a few years back that said the military won't take 71 percent of males aged 17 to 24 for the reasons Dimon cited, as well as taking prescription drugs for ADHD, or having inappropriate tattoos or piercings. "Half the kids in inner city schools don't graduate," he said. "Even those who graduate, they're not able to work a proper job." That number could come from a study nearly a decade ago that said the graduation rates in the nation's top 50 cities was 53 percent, against 71 percent for suburbs. The labor force participation rate among American men has fallen sharply over the last generation or so. Government records show that the rate among men ages 25 to 54 has fallen from 96 percent in 1970 to 88.4 percent in May. In addition, Dimon blasted the regulatory climate in the U.S., saying small-business formation has been limited and prospective homebuyers can't get access to mortgages. He said there are multiple obstacles that are keeping wage growth low — around 2.5 percent now and showing little signs of breaking out. "I could go on and on and make a list of all the things that have slowed us down and held us back and affected jobs and wages," he said. "I think America has got to get its act together about a bunch of stuff, not just one." Dimon has been an advocate for changes to the tax system as well. The roundtable reported Tuesday that business confidence is at a three-year high but CEOs remain concerned about inaction from Congress on President Donald Trump 's pro-growth agenda. Dimon chairs the roundtable, a consortium of U.S. CEOs aimed at promoting job growth and economic prosperity. More From CNBC These two 'boogeymen' no longer haunt the Fed CEO confidence hits highest level in three years Op-Ed: Here's the next big tax reform fight Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Jamie Dimon says millions of men missing from labor market is big problem for economy MarketWatch Why CEOs Aren't Giving Up on Trump Just Yet The Street Meet JPMorgan’s Own Moonshot Man Bloomberg Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider ANALYSIS: Trump vindicated? POTUS gets from Comey what he wanted all along ABC News What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Melania and Barron Trump are finally moving into the White House with Donald International Business Times Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider Social media explodes over Comey testimony stormhawk31: Seriously, how many times, and by how many knowledgeable people, both Republican and Democrat, do you idiots have to be told "There is absolutely no evidence of ANY 'collusion'", before you get it? Trump isn't even under investigation, and NEVER has been. I mean, do you idiots even understand English? Apparently not. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 183
Latest News Dow 21,186 +12.71 +0.06% Nasdaq 6,296 -1.50 -0.02% S&P 500 2,433 -0.22 -0.01% 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 10:00 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Economy & Politics Capitol Report Get email alerts Jamie Dimon says millions of men missing from labor market is big problem for economy By Jeffry Bartash Published: June 7, 2017 12:30 p.m. ET Share J.P. Morgan CEO says ‘something wrong,’ but answers elusive Getty Images Jamie Dimon, CEO of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., says it’s a big problem for the U.S. that millions of men in the prime of their life are missing from the labor force. By JeffryBartash Reporter Don’t tell J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.59%  CEO Jamie Dimon the U.S. lacks enough people to fill open jobs and get the U.S. economy moving faster in the long run. The banking VIP and current chairman of the Business Roundtable told reporters this week that America has a big problem: millions of prime-aged men have dropped out of the labor force. Dimon pointed out the share of men ages 25 to 54 who are considered part of the labor force has declined to around 88% from as high as 97% a half-century ago. In effect, some 6 million 10 million men have gone missing, according to several studies that have examined the problem. That one figure alone, he suggested, shows the U.S. labor market is not as tight as it appears despite a 4.3% unemployment rate that’s at a 16-year low. “That’s not demographics, folks. That’s a huge number,” Dimon said Tuesday in a conference call hosted by the round table. “There is something wrong.” Economists offer lots of explanations for the mystery of the missing men, but none of the reasons individually or taken altogether can fully explain the problem. A higher percentage of Americans going to college might explain a fraction of the decline. More men have applied for disability benefits over time, but the increase is also too small to be a major factor. Nor does an increase in the number of prime-aged men sent to prison help explain the mystery. The problem is especially dramatic in the United States. The shrinking share of prime-aged men in the labor force is one of the steepest among the world’s richest countries. And the level of participation is among the lowest. By another measure, it’s even worse than it looks. The labor-force participation rate counts people in the workforce as well as those who are looking for work but don’t have jobs. Yet a U.S. Census study in 2014 found that only 81% of prime-aged men were actually working. Also read:Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market By and large, the millions of men missing from the labor force tend to be younger, single, less educated, unmarried, childless and nonwhite, according to a White House study released by the Obama administration in 2016. And the highest concentration is in the South. What’s far from clear is what the government can do in the short run to get these men back into the labor force. Men with less education, for example, used to be able to find plenty of good-paying jobs in male-dominated industries such as construction and manufacturing after World War II. Yet the U.S. no longer employs as many people in those areas and many of those jobs now require more education. Partly as a result, men with a high-school diploma or less education are four times more likely to drop out of the labor force as their college counterparts. Decades ago there was virtually no difference between the two groups. What’s more, some of the fastest-growing industries in the U.S. such as health care and hospitality tend to be dominated by women. Indeed, changes in the economy and American culture have pushed the share of prime-aged women in the labor force to around 75% from less than 50% in the 1960s. “Reductions in the demand for labor, especially for lower-skilled men, appear to be an important component of the decline in prime-age male labor-force participation,” the 2016 White House study said. In a postindustrial economy — the kind of economy dominated by Dimon’s company — demand for lower-skilled men is unlikely to revert to the high levels that prevailed until the early 1960s. See also: What to do if, like Jared Kushner, you may be about to get fired More from MarketWatch 3 reasons why this couple is ignoring their 401(k) accounts in early retirement U.S. oil data shocks the market in more ways than one Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony Related Topics U.S. Economy U.S. Politics Washington, D.C. Quote References JPM +1.34 +1.59% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Jeffry Bartash Jeffry Bartash is a reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeffry Bartash Jeffry Bartash is a reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.25 +1.34 (+1.59%) Volume 2.0M Open $83.91 High $85.25 Low $83.89 P/E Ratio 13.08 Div Yield 2.36 Market Cap 298.1B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GulfMark Offshore (GLF) Earns Media Sentiment Score of -0.36 CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) Shares Bought by Legal & General Group Plc Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK Has $17.55 Million Stake in CIGNA Co. (CI) Segantii Capital Management Ltd Has $126,000 Stake in Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (CHMI) Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Schneider Capital Management Corp Has $44.76 Million Stake in Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) TerraForm Global (GLBL) Given News Impact Score of -0.03 Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Boosts Stake in Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) M&T Bank Corp Takes Position in Cedar Realty Trust Inc (CDR) Hortonworks (HDP) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Celestica Inc (CLS) Shares Sold by Mackenzie Financial Corp Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Shares Bought by Clinton Group Inc. Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Stake Maintained by DFT Energy LP Ciner Resources LP (CINR) Position Maintained by Shapiro Capital Management LLC BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Has $510,000 Position in Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) Blair William & Co. IL Raises Stake in Ciena Co. (CIEN) CIT Group Inc. (CIT) Shares Bought by Schneider Capital Management Corp CIGNA Co. (CI) Position Cut by Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd. CEB Inc. (CEB) Position Cut by Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Stake Held by Essex Investment Management Co. LLC Segantii Capital Management Ltd Has $126,000 Stake in Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (CHMI) June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Segantii Capital Management Ltd raised its position in shares of Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (NYSE:CHMI) by 469.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 7,400 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 6,100 shares during the period. Segantii Capital Management Ltd’s holdings in Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp were worth $126,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Alliancebernstein L.P. raised its stake in shares of Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp by 144.6% in the first quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 539,183 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $9,215,000 after buying an additional 318,778 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in shares of Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp by 29.7% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 588,000 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $10,696,000 after buying an additional 134,530 shares during the period. Stifel Financial Corp purchased a new position in shares of Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp during the first quarter valued at approximately $1,265,000. Oxford Asset Management purchased a new position in shares of Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp during the first quarter valued at approximately $1,199,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp by 239.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 59,992 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,025,000 after buying an additional 42,322 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 47.60% of the company’s stock. Shares of Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (NYSE:CHMI) traded up 0.17% on Wednesday, hitting $17.86. The stock had a trading volume of 46,014 shares. The stock has a market cap of $226.82 million, a P/E ratio of 2.50 and a beta of 0.34. Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp has a 1-year low of $14.94 and a 1-year high of $19.14. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $17.70 and its 200 day moving average is $18.01. Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (NYSE:CHMI) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.63 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.14. Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp had a return on equity of 43.44% and a net margin of 76.69%. The firm had revenue of $3.65 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.50 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.55 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 3.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp will post $2.09 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/segantii-capital-management-ltd-has-126000-stake-in-cherry-hill-mortgage-investment-corp-chmi.html. Several research analysts have recently commented on CHMI shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp from a “strong sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. FBR & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $18.50 target price (down previously from $21.50) on shares of Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $19.00 target price (down previously from $20.00) on shares of Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp in a research report on Sunday, May 14th. Finally, ValuEngine lowered Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $18.80. In related news, CFO Martin Levine acquired 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $16.48 per share, for a total transaction of $32,960.00. Following the purchase, the chief financial officer now owns 16,600 shares in the company, valued at approximately $273,568. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Insiders have purchased 3,750 shares of company stock worth $61,835 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 14.90% of the company’s stock. About Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corporation is a residential real estate finance company. The Company is focused on acquiring, investing in and managing residential mortgage assets in the United States. Its principal objective is to generate attractive current yields and risk-adjusted total returns for its stockholders over the long term, primarily through dividend distributions and secondarily through capital appreciation. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CHMI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (NYSE:CHMI). Receive News & Ratings for Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Home Home Bloomberg Markets Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Jamie Dimon Wants This Guy to Disrupt JPMorgan Meet David Hudson, tasked with building innovation inside the bank to protect it from outside threats. His title might as well be chief disruption officer by Hugh Son @Hugh_Son More stories by Hugh Son June 7, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT June 7, 2017, 10:33 AM EDT From David Hudson exhaled slowly and decided to take the leap. He’d just been promoted to a new job that put him in charge of spearheading disruption within JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s trading businesses. Now he stood before Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon in the 48th floor boardroom of the company’s Park Avenue headquarters in Manhattan to see what he could get away with. If the bank really wanted to anticipate clients’ needs and attempt risky moonshot projects, he told Dimon, his budget had to expand: “I want an extra $50 million.” After five minutes of questioning, Dimon gave the go-ahead. Then came the hard part. For the first moonshot that Hudson, 42, had in mind—a platform to liberate asset managers and ­smaller banks from having to employ traders—JPMorgan had to switch into aggressive hiring mode. Recruiters would be needed, at least 10 of them, to find the coders and traders to build and operate the system. Office space had to be found to house the group and salesmen to hawk the thing once it existed. David Hudson Photographer: Ana Cuba for Bloomberg Markets In getting his bosses’ backing, Hudson assumed an enormous responsibility. “I only figured out later that it was a psychological game, that by them saying yes to everything I asked for, they made it my problem,” he says. “In other words, ­money’s not the problem. My capacity to deliver is.” His problem is a high-class one. If you had to pick one winner among banks in the post-financial crisis era, it would be ­Dimon’s JPMorgan, a behemoth with $2.55 trillion in assets and operations in 60 countries around the world. Its Wall Street division is a top-three performer in most major asset classes, including government bonds, currencies, corporate credit, and equities—and last year it produced a 16 percent return on equity, among the highest of its peers. The markets businesses share a lot of resources, so keeping them all humming is key to the company’s profitability. Perversely, this means JPMorgan has the most to lose should clients suddenly decide to do business in a different way—say, if a startup creates a cheaper or easier way of matching buyers and sellers. QuickTake: Robots Make Trading Speedier With Magnified Mistakes This is where Hudson comes in. The South African-born coder-turned-manager was named global head of markets execution last year, which essentially means he’s responsible for making sure that if new technology upends trading patterns, it’s JPMorgan that does the disrupting. There’s a simple reason Wall Street banks are adopting the talk and practices of Silicon Valley. The barriers preventing potential usurpers from storming the gates of finance have collapsed because of a convergence of technologies from machine learning to cloud computing. For decades, it took investments of $50 million for a startup to reach breakeven, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Chief Financial Officer Marty Chavez told a Harvard audience in January. Now that figure is $3 million. The company he most wants to emulate: Google. Hudson, formerly finance chief of the markets business, reports to Daniel Pinto, head of the corporate and investment bank and mastermind of the division’s strategy. Both are based in London. A phrase scrawled on a whiteboard in Hudson’s Canary Wharf office encapsulates his mission: “It’s the incumbent’s job to find the innovation before the innovators find distribution.” Anyone who makes a living in the markets today should take heed. “The fear is we’ll wake up one day and we’ll be like we were in 2003 in FX ... focusing on the things we’re good at instead of the things we’re not good at” Hudson’s education in the vagaries of technological disruption began on a pleasant London day in May 2002, when his ­employer at the time, an electronic foreign exchange platform called Atriax, suddenly folded. He’d left Johannesburg in 1999 after learning Cobol, a computer language for business, in the hopes of making his fortune fixing the Y2K bug. He dabbled in mobile text messaging and later found himself a senior developer at Atriax. The startup was supposed to have an edge against rivals because it was backed by the world’s biggest players in FX, including Chase Manhattan Bank, Citigroup, and Deutsche Bank, but it was poorly run and outmaneuvered by hungrier rivals. The day pink slips were handed out, Hudson had just bought his first home, a flat in Bedfordshire an hour’s commute from work. Suddenly he was the last man standing in an empty office, kept on for a few months to sell whatever wasn’t bolted to the floors. When it came time to unload the computers and office furniture, he piggybacked onto a public bankruptcy auction held for Enron Corp. “That really stuck in my mind,” he says during an interview in a corner office on JPMorgan’s New York trading floor. “This company should’ve won, but we didn’t because we weren’t really trying that hard. I sold most of the kit on the Enron auction, which felt somehow appropriate.” Not long after that, JPMorgan, which had been an Atriax investor through its merger with Chase Manhattan, asked Hudson to join as a business manager in its London foreign ­exchange business. It was 2003, and the bank was just coming to terms with its failure to adopt electronic trading in currencies, the biggest and most liquid of the world’s markets. While electronic brokering systems were faster and less ­error-prone than people, offering audit trails and better transparency, JPMorgan was heavily invested in traders and salespeople whose primary technology was the phone. The bank slipped from a top ranking in FX to ninth by 2006. So Hudson came aboard to help incorporate electronic trading in the fixed-income business, and then he had managerial stints in equities structured products and fixed-income hybrids, two units that were wound down after the financial crisis. He left to be chief operating officer for equities sales at Nomura Holdings, then returned to JPMorgan’s foreign exchange unit to help global head Troy Rohrbaugh, ultimately becoming CFO of the trading businesses until his promotion last year. QuickTake Q&A: Why Machine Learning Models Often Fail to Learn In the years after the financial crisis, JPMorgan gained share in fixed income and equities trading, becoming the world’s top Wall Street company by revenue. By 2014, Pinto, who started his career as an FX trader in Buenos Aires at a predecessor firm of JPMorgan’s, had become sole head of the bank’s Wall Street ­operations. Last month, a global survey of currency users ranked the bank at No. 1 in FX. Despite JPMorgan’s lofty perch, the memory of previous missteps still stings in the minds of Pinto and Hudson—lodged deep in the ancient, reptilian-era center of the brain responsible for loss ­aversion—who are determined to prevent complacency from settling in. “The fear is we’ll wake up one day and we’ll be like we were in 2003 in FX, not embracing change, focusing on the things we’re good at instead of the things we’re not good at,” Hudson says. “We used to want things to stay the same because we’re leaders in most spaces. That’s just completely naive because someone who has nothing to lose will do whatever they can to build market share. So our job is to continually be that person and disrupt ourselves.” As for the pace of that change, JPMorgan would rather be too fast than too slow, according to Pinto. “I’d rather make the mistake of accelerating the change than by waiting too long,” he says in an interview. “We’re not going to try to squeeze the last drop from the success of the past, compromising the future.”   In person, Hudson looks the part of an anti-trader: horn-rimmed glasses, fuzzy beard, and his hair in an outgrown Caesar, like an architect or a liberal arts adjunct professor. He speaks the dispassionate language of Silicon Valley, dropping references to The Innovator’s Dilemma, Clayton Christensen’s seminal book on why corporations rise and fall, and Jeff Bezos’s annual letter (he’s read the latest one 20 times). His London home is, of course, wired so that he can run every function from his phone. He splits his job into three segments: making sure the tools used by JPMorgan’s trading personnel are up to snuff in an age when expectations are set by Uber Technologies Inc. and ­Amazon.com Inc.; doing the same with client-facing products; and making those moonshots. David Hudson Photographer: Ana Cuba When it comes to big, radical ideas, Hudson asks his staff every Monday morning: If you had $100 million and WeWork space, how would you take on JPMorgan or lessen its grip on clients? In practice they become hackers, testing JPMorgan’s business ­model for weaknesses. But instead of exploiting them, they build a solution, and if it catches on with clients, it gets embedded in the organization. (This isn’t Alphabet Inc.; nobody’s trying to cure death or create fuel from seawater.) Their first project, one that’s being built now and may go online later this year, is a trading platform for asset managers and regional banks, institutional clients who are suffering as investors flock to low-fee index funds and regulatory costs squeeze margins. (A chunk of the $50 million Hudson requested is going toward this effort; the bank won’t disclose exactly how much.) Hudson holds up a paper printout that distills the activities of both types of companies into a dozen or so categories. Only a handful, such as gathering assets, is something these companies truly need to do, leaving the rest—things like executing trades and back-office settlements—better handled by someone like JPMorgan. “An asset manager or regional bank can call us up and say, ‘Buy us €100 million of government bonds,’ ” Hudson says. “We’ll find the best price on the market, which may or may not be from JPMorgan, and buy it on their behalf, so now they don’t need traders. We’ll charge them a commission, do their best execution reporting, provide that as a service.” In other words, the pitch is: Fire your traders, stay in business. Another idea being studied would be to create products powered by the bank’s internal risk management platform, known as Athena. Regional banks could plug into JPMorgan’s services to, say, value a portfolio or receive data feeds. “If there is a way for us to build Bonds ‘R’ Us, then we want to be a part of that rather than someone else” People tend to overestimate change in the near term and underestimate it over the long term, Hudson says. In fact, life will be pretty similar a year from now but probably really ­different in 10 years. (Recall that the first iPhone made its debut in June 2007; today there are more mobile devices than human beings.) A business that’s ripe for change is debt capital markets, where companies borrow money by creating bonds. An ­automated auction technology could someday replace the current, ­human-heavy process for issuers who have high credit ratings, Hudson says. “If there is a way for us to build Bonds ‘R’ Us, then we want to be a part of that rather than someone else,” he says. Such a future would be devastating for the investment bankers who currently make a tidy living performing just such a function. This story appears in the June / July 2017 issue of Bloomberg Markets. Cover artwork: Zachary Walsh Still, in an industry hyperfocused on the next quarter, it’s difficult to say whether Hudson’s more ambitious bets will ever pay off. The bank could decide to scuttle its new trading service, or the service might simply not catch on with asset managers. In 2014, Hudson was part of a team that created an aggregation platform to help trade interest-rate swaps that clients haven’t touched. “My group is an area where it’s OK to fail,” he says. “I guess if I fail too much, Daniel will decide if the model is OK, or if it’s me.” Automation, Hudson says, is likely to reduce the number of workers across finance and change the composition of those who are employed to include more technologists and ­fewer ­traders. Last year the bank created a machine-learning program to interpret commercial loan agreements, eliminating 360,000 hours of legal work a year. Even more modest advances, such as big-­data-powered tools for institutional salespeople that Hudson is working on, will have an impact. “People are free to spend more time with clients and add more clients, or we’ll need fewer of them,” he says. “Either way, the result is you’ll get efficiency gains.” As we wrap up our hourlong conversation, Hudson mentions that his parents were journalists in South Africa. Feeling a pang of anxiety, I ask him if machine-learning programs could automate the writing of financial news. His brow furrows, and he’s quiet for a minute. His answer? Feed the machine my interview notes, and it could probably produce a rough draft. Hudson’s ideas may go nowhere, or they could change the world. In the meantime, as long as his boss is willing to sign $50 million checks, a tiny seed of disruption is planted wherever his mind takes him. Son covers finance at Bloomberg News in New York.   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SAGE Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Upgraded at ValuEngine Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Upgraded at ValuEngine Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Cut to Hold at ValuEngine Stanley A. Askren Sells 11,264 Shares of HNI Corp (HNI) Stock Hershey Co (HSY) Director Sells $519,525.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) Director Sells $524,250.00 in Stock Anthony Anderson Sells 6,248 Shares of Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Stock Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) CEO Acquires $628,680.00 in Stock Costco Wholesale’s (COST) Outperform Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. Increases Stake in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Pacer Advisors Inc. Has $411,000 Position in Apache Co. (APA) Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Shares Sold by SG Americas Securities LLC Invesco Van Kampen Municpl Opprtnty Trst Declares Monthly Dividend of $0.06 (VMO) Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Position Cut by Arizona State Retirement System Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Receives Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Costco Wholesale’s (COST) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Guggenheim Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. Sells 825 Shares of Amphenol Co. (APH) 1,557 Shares in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Acquired by Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. GB Group plc (GBG) Announces Dividend Increase – GBX 2.35 Per Share Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC (RBS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Investec SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Upgraded at ValuEngine June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ValuEngine upgraded shares of SAGE Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:SAGE) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Friday morning. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating and set a $83.00 price target on shares of SAGE Therapeutics in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Canaccord Genuity reissued a buy rating and set a $110.00 price target on shares of SAGE Therapeutics in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Needham & Company LLC began coverage on shares of SAGE Therapeutics in a research report on Monday, May 15th. They set a buy rating and a $82.00 price target for the company. BMO Capital Markets set a $68.00 price target on shares of SAGE Therapeutics and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Bank of America Corp began coverage on shares of SAGE Therapeutics in a research report on Friday, May 12th. They set a buy rating and a $85.00 price target for the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $78.92. Shares of SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ SAGE) traded up 1.98% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $72.25. 54,125 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s market cap is $2.70 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $69.15 and a 200 day moving average price of $60.40. SAGE Therapeutics has a 52-week low of $26.55 and a 52-week high of $75.49. SAGE Therapeutics (NASDAQ:SAGE) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.52) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.61) by $0.09. Analysts forecast that SAGE Therapeutics will post ($6.70) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/sage-therapeutics-inc-sage-upgraded-at-valuengine.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of SAGE. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at about $12,452,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at about $538,000. Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics by 32.2% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 80,010 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $4,085,000 after buying an additional 19,501 shares during the last quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the first quarter valued at about $4,086,000. Finally, Jana Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of SAGE Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at about $5,117,000. Institutional investors own 99.92% of the company’s stock. About SAGE Therapeutics SAGE Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing and commercializing medicines to treat central nervous system (CNS) disorders. The Company’s lead product candidate, SAGE-547 is an intravenous formulation of allopregnanolone, a neurosteroid that acts as a synaptic and extrasynaptic modulator of the Gamma-Amino Butyric Acid-A (GABAA) receptor. To view ValuEngine’s full report, visit ValuEngine’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAGE Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Economy Economy World Economy US Economy The Fed Central Banks Jobs GDP outlook Jamie Dimon: 'America has to get its act together' JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon is frustrated by obstacles he sees keeping young people from having bright futures and workers from getting higher pay. Dimon blasted the regulatory climate, saying small-business formation has been limited and prospective homebuyers can't get access to mortgages. Jeff Cox | @JeffCoxCNBCcom 23 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Jamie Dimon: 'America has to get its act together'    22 Hours Ago | 01:20 JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon runs the largest bank in the country but is frustrated by obstacles he sees keeping young people from having bright futures and workers from getting higher pay. Speaking Wednesday at a Business Roundtable summit, Dimon implored the public to focus on "three really bad facts" that are limiting growth for the U.S. economy. Some 70 percent of young men are ineligible for military service "because of either education — they can't read or write — or health, mostly obesity and diabetes. That's an unbelievable number," Dimon said. The number comes from a Pentagon study a few years back that said the military won't take 71 percent of males aged 17 to 24 for the reasons Dimon cited, as well as taking prescription drugs for ADHD, or having inappropriate tattoos or piercings. "Half the kids in inner city schools don't graduate," he said. "Even those who graduate, they're not able to work a proper job." That number could come from a study nearly a decade ago that said the graduation rates in the nation's top 50 cities was 53 percent, against 71 percent for suburbs. The labor force participation rate among American men has fallen sharply over the last generation or so. Government records show that the rate among men ages 25 to 54 has fallen from 96 percent in 1970 to 88.4 percent in May. In addition, Dimon blasted the regulatory climate in the U.S., saying small-business formation has been limited and prospective homebuyers can't get access to mortgages. He said there are multiple obstacles that are keeping wage growth low — around 2.5 percent now and showing little signs of breaking out. "I could go on and on and make a list of all the things that have slowed us down and held us back and affected jobs and wages," he said. "I think America has got to get its act together about a bunch of stuff, not just one." Dimon has been an advocate for changes to the tax system as well. The roundtable reported Tuesday that business confidence is at a three-year high but CEOs remain concerned about inaction from Congress on President Donald Trump's pro-growth agenda. Dimon chairs the roundtable, a consortium of U.S. CEOs aimed at promoting job growth and economic prosperity. Jeff CoxFinance Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsEconomyPolicy Jun 07, 2017 07:11 PM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Is there scope for a rate cut? Experts think RBI could move in August policy If the monsoon is progressing well, we think August would be the right time for a rate cut before inflation begins to turn up later in the year, said JP Morgan's Sajjid Chinoy. Sajjid Z Chinoy Economist (Asia) | JP Morgan Is there scope for a rate cut? Experts think RBI could move in August policy Cash ban success depends on growth in tax-to-GDP ratio: JPMorgan Experts decode RBI's 'neutral real' rate talk Although it is no secret that the government and India Inc want a rate cut, the monetary policy committee (MPC) did not oblige. The MPC today decided to keep the repo rate unchanged at 6.25 percent, while cutting SLR by 50 basis points to 20 percent. The forecast on inflation was also lowered, given the lower inflation numbers for April. Market participants perceived the policy to be more dovish than the previous one, thereby increasing the probability of a rate cut in the August policy review. Both bonds and the rupee appreciated after the announcement, with the 10-year benchmark bond yield trading down at 6.57 percent and the rupee appreciating 9 paise to 64.34 to the dollar. However, for those expecting a cut, there is still some hope because the RBI has softened its stance on inflation hinting that it could be "more accommodative" in the coming days. Meanwhile, the RBI Governor also revealed that the MPC rejected an invitation from finance ministry for a meeting ahead of the policy. To discuss whether there is a scope for rate cut and other aspects of the policy, CNBC-TV18 spoke to top bankers and economists - Umesh Revankar, MD, Shriram Transport Finance, Sajjid Chinoy, Asia Economics, JP Morgan, Ananth Narayan, Head- Financial Markets, Standard Chartered Bank and Dinesh Kumar Khara, MD & Group Executive, SBI. Below is the transcript of the discussion. Q: What did you make? Would you say they will cut if it came within 2-2.5 percent, will they wait for it to be even lower than the revised estimate? Chinoy: Let us step back a little bit. The first thing to note is that the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has acknowledged that growth inflation dynamics in this economy are materially different from what they were 2-3 months ago. To mark down your inflation forecast by 175 basis points, 100 basis points suggests that they are thinking about the inflation out-turn quite differently now. In an inflation targeting framework, you do not worry so much about two months, three months, four months. The MPC needs to be convinced that whatever their forecasts are in the coming year that they are not materially above the 4 percent mark because the statement again reiterated that their medium-term commitment is to keep it close to 4 percent and they added keeping in mind the output gap. So as long as there is a belief here that my 12-month forecast is close to 4 percent and they believe the output gap is still negative, if core inflation is still falling, some space for easing will open up. One more thing I will say, remember the real rate that the MPC was working with in April, when their one-year forecast was 5 percent, now will be much higher if their one-year forecast turns out to be even at the upper end of their band which is 4.5 percent. So that tells me, if you read between the lines that if in fact, there is a big if, the data turns out this way, the disinflation is not transient, it is more structural specially on food, that space for modest easing is possible later in the year, 25-50 basis points. Q: What do you take away as a bond expert from the policy? Narayan: We were not really expecting. I do not think anybody in the market was expecting a rate cut in this particular policy. Given the previous three MPC meetings came out with pretty hawkish outcomes, it would have been stunning for them to actually do a rate cut here. But short of doing that, I guess they have prepared the ground for a rate cut as early as August. The sharp revisions down that we have seen in inflation, where even if you take the upper end of the ranges that the RBI has taken, we are still within the 4 percent average mark for the full year. The real rates at a 6 percent policy rate would still be pretty high compared to any of the norms that we have seen so far being thrown around on what real rates ought to be. So clearly the room for a 25-50 basis point rate cut have been opened up in the second half of the year. Unless the trajectory of inflation changes dramatically from here and by the way, there are imponderables as the Governor rightly pointed out that we still do not know about, I would expect that the rate cut could come through. It still leaves an open questions on whether the rate cut is warranted and what is the impact on various market factors, etc. but nevertheless, this is as close as the RBI could have come to actually doing a rate cut, preparing the ground for a rate cut and then coming up with pretty dovish talk. Q: Do you read this RBI statement and Viral Acharya's response to my question as pencilling in a rate cut? Khara: As I read the Governor's statements and what Deputy Governor has also mentioned, based upon that, they are acknowledging that there is a downward movement as far as the prices are concerned, as far as the inflation is concerned, but they probably want to wait and watch because one, of course, the monsoon, though of course, it has been predicted that in terms of long-term average it would be as strong as 98-99 percent. But probably they would like to wait and watch till how the situation emerges post monsoon, that is one. The second possible reason could be the goods and services (GST) also, it is otherwise expected that it will not be inflationary, but they will like to wait and watch how really it pans out and what impact it brings on the inflation though the rates which have been announced did not sound to be inflationary at all. So they are acknowledging the fact. Q: CEA is not giving the benefit of doubt at all. CEA is actually saying inflation forecast errors by RBI have been large, inflation outlook has been rendered benign by a good monsoon and by an appreciating currency and of course growth has decelerated. RBIs talk about private consumption being high is not borne out because even retail loans are falling. So, he has taken piece by piece the arguments. Does this put additional pressure and therefore your reaction to the reaction? Chinoy: With the latest RBI inflation forecast coming down so much I think the gulf is quite narrow now. So, all of us now believe that inflation is going to be based on the information we have now in that 3.5-4.5 percent range which would be relatively benign given the history of inflation which would remain close to the 4 percent target that the RBI has. That is why we think a little space of easing has opened up. I think the other part here, the other new information is what we learned from the CSO last week. I think the fact that there is now more confirmation that he GDP data is saying what the other high frequency data has been saying for a while that this is an economy that was slowing even before demonetisation and demonetisation has intensified that. I guess with the MPC what comes out is, they just want to be convinced that this process is not transient and that this is more secular. So, that is the source I think of the difference in interpretation. Q: When do you all expect the cut? First if you expect and when? Chinoy: Our base line case is still for August. We still think June and July are going to be in the 2 percent handle. If the monsoon is progressing well, we think August would be the right time before inflation begins to turn up later in the year. Q: Do you expect a cut and when? Narayan: August and I tend to agree with Sajjid. Q: Do you expect the cost of money to have fallen for you? Today bond prices are 50 paise higher and yields are about 10 basis points lower. Revankar: It has not really moved in the last 2-3 months. In fact I was expecting some rate cut this time, even the market was not expecting. I did say in the past that 25-50 basis points scope is there for rate cut in this calendar year. So, rate cut would indicate and probably the borrowing cost can come down a bit. I do expect rate cut in August. Maybe the food inflation is the only fear or suspense that people have. Once good monsoon is there then I think rate cut should be there. I do expect total 50 basis points in this calendar year and that should bring down our borrowing costs substantially. Q: How would you react as the bond expert? Today it was only 10 basis points but with each passing inflation number coming in below 3 percent and moving towards 2 percent, which is what all economists are expecting, do you see bond yields going towards 6.3 percent? Narayan: The momentum is pretty strong and the next couple of prints in inflation will be pretty low. In fact some economists are even predicting a number sub 2 percent. So, the next couple of prints can be really soft. To that extent the bond rally will continue particularly in the short end of the curve, upto the 5 year segment we will see the segment continue. The longer end will be little more tougher. I must hasten to add that this is not all hunky and dory. While the market has been calling for lower rates and for rate cuts and for short end rates to come down, I think it is also good to take a step back and recognise that there are long term risks that we need to be worried about. State government finances aren't looking great and all this talk of farm loan waivers spreading is not a good sign. Personally I have a bit of concern around what is happening in equity markets. I am not an equity expert but the amount of retail money which is going in there as a regular inflow at PE levels of 23i don't think is a great sign particularly when the underlying fundamentals and earnings are not looking that great. Likewise what is happening on the rupee side with overvaluation and with money coming in, it doesn't make great reading for financial stability perspective. So, while I think short end rates, there is a strong case for it to come down given the nature of the banking health, given what is happening on credit offtake and rupee etc, longer term I would be cautious about calling for a big rally on the longer end of the curve. I think the longer term implications and the fundamentals are very different. Q: How much do you think home loans can get cheaper? You have got lower capital and lower provisioning. Khara: As you are aware that home loans are majorly linked to marginal cost of funds based lending rate (MCLR). So MCLR is essentially equation based which has got a lot of bearing on the cost of funds. We have already come down significantly and the market has really heated in terms of practically all the important players have reduced their home loan rates significantly in the last 2-3 months time. So, much of it will depend upon how the cost of funds really evolve going forward. So as of now, we may not be in a position to articulate how much would be the reduction. Q: I also wanted your key takeaways on how RBI will resolve non-performing assets (NPA). What will make of Deputy Governor, Vishwanathan's statement? I got a sense that they are going to be perhaps a little actively involved in restructuring loans themselves? Khara: The intent is never like that but the intent is to guide the banking system for the resolution. So Mr Vishwanathan's statement relating to it was a reinforcement of the RBI's earlier statement that we would like to resolve the top-few accounts at the earliest. And I think it is in terms of the effort in terms of the Oversight Committees (OC) being set up. I would say that it is a work in progress and they have announced it in this policy statement which also reinforces their commitment for the resolution of the stressed assets in the banking system. Q: How did you interpret the statement on NPA resolution? Narayan: Actually Mr Khara is the bigger expert on this and I will defer to his views and I tend to agree with him. I think it is a broader topic clearly outside of the domain of monetary policy as well. I still think we need a much broader Ministry of Finance, RBI, industry, a bigger approach to solve the NPA issue. Beyond my paygrade, but I do think the efforts here still require a fillip from what we have currently and we probably need bigger solutions than what is going on right now. Q: What is your sense, in the next six months, what may the ten-year be? Chinoy: Really depends on if inflation does turn out in the 2 percent handle in the next couple of months, markets will begin to expect that there are probably 25-50 basis points of easing left in this cycle. Not more than that, I think that is the limit here. I think the ten-year will gradually begin to reflect that. You saw a little bit of that today and as you will see it progressively as these prints pan out and the expectation grows that there will be some easing to come. Q: Your best guess of where the ten-year will be, say September 30? Narayan: The bigger movement will probably likely happen in the shorter end of the curve. So the three-year, five-year bonds which have rallied by 10 basis points today, that could come down to 6.5 percent from the 6.72 odd percent they are currently. 10-year bonds I would be a little more cautious. While they ended today in a decent rally, 6.55 or so, 6.40 was probably where they would land up. As Sajjid was saying, I think the rate cuts the market will pencil in will be 25-50 basis points at best and given there are lots of other issues which will impact the bond curve including what happens in the state government's side, etc. the longer end of the curve will be a lot more cautious. Q: What did you make of the pressure that came from the CEA? Your reaction to the CEA's statement? Narayan: If the previous question was beyond my paygrade, this is beyond my I-don't-know what grade. Just to be slightly more balanced on this, clearly it is factual that the inflation estimates have been over the last 3-4 years, higher than what the end inflation eventually ended up to be, but to be fair to the RBI, that is true probably for most forecasters, not just the RBI. Where the market was genuinely surprised from the inflation forecast was the last 4-5 months, when towards the November policy where we still talking about the 5 percent March inflation which did not really synchronise with what the market was expecting. The last six months was where we had a bit of a concern and probably unfairly, because that was the start of the MPC process, we kind of imputed that to mean that the MPC, with and inflation target would naturally be biased towards pushing inflation higher. It is a surmise, it is speculation.I give a lot of credit to the RBI for correcting the number today the way they have. It is a very big correction. Hopefully they will come out with a model which is a lot more better at estimating inflation going forward. But it is a horribly impossible task, given the amount of imponderables here, given 46 percent is food, it is very difficult to estimate inflation in a meaningful way. tags #Economy #RBI policy Related news Business Fighting tax evasion together: India becomes signatory to BEPS Jun 08, 2017 06:30 PM Business Interest rate should have been cut in June 7 MPC meeting: Kirit Parikh Jun 08, 2017 04:48 PM Business Why is RBI governor Urjit Patel not in favour of farm loan waivers? Jun 08, 2017 04:37 PM Business Don’t see improvement in banks profitability profiles in 2 yrs: Moody’s & ICRA report Jun 08, 2017 04:25 PM Business Oil companies to revise petrol, diesel prices daily from June 16 onwards Jun 08, 2017 04:20 PM Business Finance Ministry may push for IFCI, IIFCL merger Jun 08, 2017 04:19 PM Business Jaitley seeks support from MPs/MLAs to create GST awareness Jun 08, 2017 04:17 PM Business HSBC sees India growth unchanged at 7.1% this fiscal Jun 08, 2017 03:37 PM Business Difference in opinion between RBI and FinMin systemic in nature: YV Reddy Jun 08, 2017 03:09 PM Cricket Match 8 | 08 Jun, 2017 ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL 11/0 (4.0 ov) Play in Progress IND 321/6 (50.0 ov) live News Most Popular Top News This auto spare company is shifting gears towards growth. Is it a good buy? PEG ratio can help you spot multibaggers; 10 stocks which rose over 100% in 1 year Why this footwear retailer holds good prospects for investors In the season of IT layoffs, Rs 10,000 can get you a letter of experience PEG ratio can help you spot multibaggers; 10 stocks which rose over 100% in 1 year This small footwear retailer’s profit margins beat Bata & Relaxo’s. Is it a good buy? Infosys' comments, concerns on pricing spook IT stocks for second day ICC Champions Trophy LIVE: India set SL target of 322 after Dhawan ton, 50s from Rohit and Dhoni see more Video of the day Q4 earnings a tad better, see slight impact on consumption due to GST: Birla Sun Life MF X ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL 11/0 (4.0 ov) IND 321/6 (50.0 ov) Play in Progress Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Vaishali Karulkar
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clovis Oncology Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wells Fargo & Co Reaffirms Hold Rating for Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) PT Set at $40.00 by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Shares Sold by Asset Management One Co. Ltd. Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Given a $72.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Re/Max Holdings (RMAX) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.70 Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires 9,247 Shares of Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Descartes Systems Group Inc (DSGX) PT Raised to $38.00 at Scotiabank McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Sapiens International (SPNS) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.57 Vanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Lifelock (LOCK) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.69 Stillwater Mining Company (SWC) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports IRIDEX (IRIX) Earning Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Shares Sold by US Bancorp DE Davis Capital Partners LLC Maintains Stake in Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) KBC Group NV Has $1.94 Million Stake in Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Swiss National Bank Raises Stake in Helen of Troy Limited (HELE) Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Shares Sold by Arizona State Retirement System EXACT Sciences (EXAS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) to “Buy” Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Given a $72.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts June 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $72.00 target price on Clovis Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:CLVS) in a research report released on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also commented on the company. Chardan Capital lowered Clovis Oncology from a neutral rating to a sell rating and set a $36.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Zacks Investment Research raised Clovis Oncology from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $68.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised their target price on Clovis Oncology from $53.00 to $70.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Morgan Stanley raised their target price on Clovis Oncology from $68.00 to $72.00 and gave the company an overweight rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies set a $77.00 target price on Clovis Oncology and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Clovis Oncology currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $60.79. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) opened at 57.25 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $53.50 and its 200-day moving average is $54.10. Clovis Oncology has a 52-week low of $11.57 and a 52-week high of $74.94. The company’s market capitalization is $2.56 billion. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.33) EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.43) by $0.10. The company had revenue of $7.05 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.04 million. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Clovis Oncology will post ($4.95) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Given a $72.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/07/clovis-oncology-inc-clvs-given-a-72-00-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. In related news, insider Gillian C. Ivers-Read sold 3,000 shares of Clovis Oncology stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $56.02, for a total value of $168,060.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 206,583 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $11,572,779.66. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. In the last three months, insiders sold 9,000 shares of company stock valued at $511,200. 17.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. raised its stake in shares of Clovis Oncology by 20.0% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 2,400 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. First Mercantile Trust Co. purchased a new stake in shares of Clovis Oncology during the first quarter valued at $115,000. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its stake in shares of Clovis Oncology by 71.4% in the first quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 1,819 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 758 shares during the period. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Clovis Oncology by 3.7% in the first quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 2,800 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Finally, Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new stake in shares of Clovis Oncology during the first quarter valued at $185,000. 88.48% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Clovis Oncology Company Profile Clovis Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing anti-cancer agents in the United States, Europe and other international markets. The Company’s product candidates include Rociletinib, Rubraca (Rucaparib) and Lucitanib. Rucaparib is an oral, small molecule poly adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitor of PARP1, PARP2 and PARP3 approved as a monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious breast cancer (BRCA) (human genes associated with the repair of damaged deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)) mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer. Receive News & Ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DAX ®12.714,33+0,33%TecDAX ®2.293,04-0,44%Dow Jones21.187,58+0,07%NASDAQ 1005.868,44-0,16% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt PRESS RELEASE: Extel 2017 Results 07.06.2017 - 12:04 | Quelle: Dow Jones Newswire Web Dow Jones received a payment from EQS/DGAP to publish this press release. === DGAP-News: WeConvene Limited / Key word(s): Miscellaneous Extel 2017 Results 2017-06-07 / 12:03 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. _Survey of Pan-European Investment Professionals' Highlights Achievement Across the Buy-Side, Sell-Side and Corporate Community_ *LONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / June 7, 2017 / * Extel [1], the leading source of Pan-European opinions [2] amongst the investment community, today announced the results of the 44th annual Extel survey. The pan-European survey highlights achievement across the buy-side, sell-side and corporate communities. Receiving an unprecedented response, Extel continues to capture deeper, more analytical data [3] from all the key market practitioners than ever before. Over 95% of votes came online, with Extel running from 22nd March to the 28th April 2017. Contribution increased nearly 10% with votes received from over 3,200 buy-side firms, 3,000 analysts from 270 brokerage firms/research houses, and over 1,100 of Europe's largest quoted companies worldwide. Highlights of the key winners from Extel 2017 are: · *Equity Research:* Exane BNP Paribas · *Fund Management Firm:* JP Morgan Asset Management · *Equity Analyst:* Jeff Stent, Exane BNP Paribas · *Pan-European Hedge Fund: *Kairos Partners · *UK Small & Mid Caps: *Numis Securities · *Asset Management firm for Equity Execution:* Lupus Alpha Asset Management · *Quoted Company for Investor Relations:* Deutsche Telekom AG 'The 2017 pan-European survey has elicited a larger participation than ever before. The change in regulations imposed by MiFID II are leading the equities investment community to re-examine established values and best practices. Unbundling of execution and research services will magnify the focus on the quality of services provided by the sell-side, and an independent source of validation will have a valuable role to play. With over 600 rankings and an unrivalled depth and breadth of data, Extel will continue to play a pivotal role in the equities investment landscape,' commented David Enticknap, Head of Extel. Extel Europe awards over 600 rankings covering equity sectors, economics and strategy, equity derivatives, emerging markets, and UK Small & Mid Caps categories. Results for the key 2017 categories (2016 in brackets where applicable) are: *BROKERAGE* *Equity House* 1) Exane BNP Paribas (4) 2) UBS (2) 3) Morgan Stanley (1) *Equity Research* 1) Exane BNP Paribas (2) 2) Morgan Stanley (1) 3) UBS (4) *Equity Trading & Execution* 1) UBS (1) 2) Morgan Stanley (2) 3) Kepler Cheuvreux (10) *Equity Sales* 1) Exane BNP Paribas (10) 2) Morgan Stanley (2) 3) Bank of America Merrill Lynch (4) *Economics & Strategy* 1) UBS (1) 2) Société Générale (3) 3) JP Morgan (2) *Sustainability Research* 1) HSBC (2) 2) Natixis (6) 3) Kepler Cheuvreux (4) *UK Small & Mid Caps* 1) Numis Securities (1) 2) Peel Hunt (2) 3) Liberum (3) *Equity Analyst* 1) Jeff Stent, Exane BNP Paribas (1) 2) Mark Manduca, Bank of America Merrill Lynch (5) 3) Eamonn Ferry, Exane BNP Paribas (4) *Specialist Sales Person* 1) Gerard Zaffran, Exane BNP Paribas (1) 2) Sophie Warrick, JP Morgan (2) 3) Mark Howden, Jefferies International (5) *ASSET MANAGEMENT* *Fund Management Firm* 1) JP Morgan Asset Management (1) 2) Amundi Asset Management (5) 3) Allianz Global Investors (2) *Fund Management Individual* 1) Roland Vetter, Praxis Partners (3) 2) Florent Nitu, JPMorgan Asset Management (4) 3) Simon Poncet, JP Morgan AM (1) *Asset Management Equity Trading* 1) Lupus Alpha Asset Management (4) 2) Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management (1) 3) EFG Bank (3) *Hedge Fund* 1) Kairos Partners (4) 2) Exane Asset Management (5) 3) Cygnus Asset Management (3) *CORPORATES - INVESTOR RELATIONS* *Quoted Company for Investor Relations* 1) Deutsche Telekom AG (1) 2) Munich Re (13) 3) BT Group plc (2) *Investor Relations Professional* 1) Christian Becker-Hussong, Munich Re (4) 2) Rolf Woller, Continental AG (10) 3) Hannes Wittig, Deutsche Telekom AG (3) *CEO for Investor Relation**s* 1) Tim Höttges, Deutsche Telekom AG (3) 2) Stephan Sturm, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (n/a) 3) Vittorio Colao, Vodafone (3) *CFO for Investor Relations* 1) Thomas Dannefeldt, Deutsche Telekom AG (3) 2) Jörg Schneider, Munich Re (8) 3) Philippe Heim, Société Générale (17) To view the headline results, visit www.extelsurveys.com [4] (from 9:00am UK time on 7th June 2017). *About Extel* Extel Europe conducts market studies across all three sides of the investment community throughout Europe and Asia, delivering a comprehensive range of rankings, market trends and sentiment insights. Extel Europe is the largest study of its kind worldwide, with over 16,000 participants from 93 countries casting nearly 445,000 individual votes. All rankings in Extel are based purely on weighted votes from the investment community. The scope and branding of Extel is widely recognized by brokerage firms, asset managers and corporates alike. *About WeConvene* WeConvene is a global, independently owned web-based platform that automates corporate access consumption and evaluation for the investment community. Events large and small directly impact investment strategies and WeConvene provides value to buy-side, sell-side and corporate organizations by enabling efficient discovery, booking and tracking of meetings. For more information, visit www.weconvene.com [5]. *CONTACTS* *David Enticknap - Head of Extel* · Email: david@weconvene.com · DDI: +44 (0)20 3567 0983 · Mobile: +44 (0)7577 457 088 *Sarah Linfoot - Head of Global Marketing* · Email:sarah@weconvene.com, · Mobile: +44 (0)7711 296 367 *SOURCE: *WeConvene Limited 2017-06-07 Dissemination of a Corporate News, transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases. Archive at www.dgap.de Language: English Company: WeConvene Limited United States End of News DGAP News Service 581033 2017-06-07 1: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=3cc8c985df2b315f34dbbae848283a94&application_id=581033&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 2: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=c27d43bbeb03e477fbb046358e7d9db3&application_id=581033&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 3: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=7e387053ff6cc68d418df89b71e958e9&application_id=581033&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 4: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=3ccd3e02e54695a0d203b45284045fe2&application_id=581033&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 5: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=a33220a7821f7781537b65c7ceec7b47&application_id=581033&site_id=vwd&application_name=news === (END) Dow Jones Newswires June 07, 2017 06:04 ET (10:04 GMT) Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 15:02 Dax bleibt nach EZB-Zinsentscheid leicht im Plus 06:27 Chinas Automarkt kommt etwas besser in Fahrt - aber weiter geringes Wachstum 07:00 DAX - Wahl in GB im Fokus 14:15 Ferienflieger-Fusion mit Air Berlin geplatzt 07.06. NACHBÖRSE (22:00)/XDAX +0,2% auf 12.700 Pkt - Rocket schwach weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Dow Jones Newswire Web Datum Meldung 15:36 EZB senkt Kerninflationsprognosen leicht 15:35 DGAP-News: Pfeiffer Vacuum Technology AG: Aktionäre lehnen Übernahmeangebot von Busch ab - Pfeiffer Vacuum will Synergien mit Busch-Gruppe identifizieren 15:35 PRESS RELEASE: DREAM GLOBAL REIT INCREASES EXPOSURE TO TOP GERMAN OFFICE MARKET WITH ACQUISITION OF BOLLWERK IN STUTTGART, GERMANY 15:35 PRESS RELEASE: Pfeiffer Vacuum Technology AG: Shareholders Reject Busch's Takeover Offer - Pfeiffer Vacuum Aims to Identify Synergies with Busch Group 15:31 Constancio: EZB hatte auf Banco-Popular-Verkauf keinen Einfluss Topthemen Datum Meldung 15:30 Streiks im Flugverkehr: EU-Kommission will Folgen mildern 15:02 Dax bleibt nach EZB-Zinsentscheid leicht im Plus 14:15 Ferienflieger-Fusion mit Air Berlin geplatzt 14:03 Zahl der Beschäftigten steigt noch stärker als 2016 13:52 EZB bleibt auf Billig-Geld-Kurs weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 14:55 boerse.ARD.de Dax: Anleger ignorieren EZB 14:23 Lebensmittelspekulation: Hitzewelle treibt Preis für Mais und Weizen 14:12 boerse.ARD.de Der locker-leichte Kurs der EZB 13:56 boerse.ARD.de Investieren in Bitcoins? 11:45 boerse.ARD.de Dax wartet auf das "Trio Infernale" zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld |Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Seit sechs Jahren läuft die Hausse an den Börsen. Haben Sie analog dazu Ihren Anteil an strukturierten Wertpapieren im Portfolio erhöht? Ja, Anteil wurde aufgestockt Der Anteil blieb unverändert Nein, Anteil wurde gesenkt Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco Santander S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Cormark Upgrades Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) to Buy Royal Bank of Canada Trims Saputo Inc. (SAP) Target Price to C$48.00 CIBC Trims Saputo Inc. (SAP) Target Price to C$51.00 Asanko Gold Inc (AKG) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) PT Raised to C$30.00 Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Interfor Corp (IFP) Rating Increased to Outperform at CIBC Uni Select Inc (UNS) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Regal Entertainment Group Issued By B. Riley (RGC) Calavo Growers, Inc. (CVGW) Reaches New 52-Week High After Strong Earnings Traders Sell Shares of Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) on Strength on Insider Selling Appian Corp (APPN) Reaches New 12-Month High on Insider Buying Activity Investors Sell Shares of salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) on Strength on Insider Selling Insider Buying: Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Insider Buys £146.88 in Stock GW Pharmaceuticals PLC- (GWPH) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Healthcare Trust Of America (HTA) and Medical Properties Trust (MPW) Critical Survey Head-To-Head Comparison: Independent Bank Co.(MI) (IBCP) versus PrivateBancorp (PVTB) Natus Medical Inc (BABY) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Innospec (IOSP) versus Amyris (AMRS) Head-To-Head Comparison Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Banco Santander, S.A. (BME:SAN)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. A number of other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Citigroup Inc set a €5.95 ($6.69) target price on Banco Santander, and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, May 22nd. HSBC Holdings plc set a €6.65 ($7.47) target price on Banco Santander, and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €7.60 ($8.54) target price on Banco Santander, and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €6.10 ($6.85) target price on Banco Santander, and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 30th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Banco Santander, currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of €6.70 ($7.53). Banco Santander, (SAN) opened at 6.36 on Wednesday. Banco Santander, has a 52-week low of $3.60 and a 52-week high of $6.99. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $6.53 and its 200-day moving average price is $5.73. The firm has a market cap of $92.73 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.62. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/06/banco-santander-s-a-san-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Banco Santander, Banco Santander, SA is a retail and commercial bank. The Banks segments include Continental Europe, the United Kingdom, Latin America and the United States. The Continental Europe segment covers all businesses in the Continental Europe. The United Kingdom segment includes the businesses developed by various units and branches in the country. Receive News & Ratings for Banco Santander S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
null
    Home Main News Headline Zimbabwe World Crime & Courts Business Money & Markets Arts & Entertainment Sport Breaking News Politics Banking & Finance Economic Analysis Opinion Columinsts Relationships Education Scie & Tech Health & Fitness Events News Ticker [ 8th June 2017 ] Zanu PF terrorists threatens genocide Headline [ 7th June 2017 ] Man loses 22-year-old wife to football ‘bet’ Bizarre [ 7th June 2017 ] Zuma could be removed as S.African president before 2019: ANC’s Mantashe World [ 7th June 2017 ] Catholic Priest dies in car crash Religion & Spiritual [ 7th June 2017 ] Headmistress wards off robber after being stabbed 9 times Crime & Courts Search for: HomeBusinessGlobal business activity starts 2016 on weak note Global business activity starts 2016 on weak note 3rd February 2016 Staff Reporter Business 92 LONDON – Global economic growth began 2016 on a weak note, surveys of business activity suggested on Wednesday, and with inflation remaining low central banks are seen under pressure to keep monetary policies easy. U.S. and European stocks were lower on Wednesday in the wake the business surveys, though weak oil prices continue to be a major factor in stock and bond markets. US SERVICE SECTOR GROWTH SLOWS U.S. service sector activity slowed in January, suggesting economic growth weakened at the start of the first quarter even though the labor market remained resilient. The U.S. service sector purchasing managers’ index (PMI) from data vendor Markit for Jan fell to 53.2, the lowest since October 2013, from 54.3 in Dec. An index reading above 50 indicates expansion in the sector. Markit’s U.S. composite PMI for both the service and manufacturing sectors fell to 53.2 from 54.0 in Dec. An alternative reading from the U.S. Institute of Supply Management (ISM) showed the service sector PMI fell to 53.5 in January, the lowest since February 2014, from 55.8 in December. ISM’s U.S. manufacturing sector PMI for January, published Monday, showed activity contracted. “Going back a half year or so, it had seemed that the weakness in the economy was fairly isolated in the manufacturing sector as well as a few other areas, mainly energy and exports,” said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. “But we now have these surveys showing that the service sector has weakened as well over the past few months.” EURO ZONE ACTIVITY WEAK Euro zone business activity started 2016 at its weakest in a year, adding to pressure on the ECB to ease monetary policy again. Markit’s euro zone service sector PMI fell to 53.6 in January from 54.2 in December. Markit’s euro zone composite PMI, seen as a good guide to economic growth, fell to 53.6 from December’s 54.3. Markit said the euro zone PMIs point to growth of 0.4 percent at the start of the year, in line with a January Reuters poll. The European Central Bank is expected to cut its deposit rate further into negative territory in March and may increase the 60 billion euros a month it currently spends buying bonds, a Reuters poll found. “Deflationary pressures intensified, as lower oil prices impacted both input and output costs, consistent with our view that the moderate euro area recovery will continue to take place in a ‘missingflation environment'”, said economist Apolline Menut at Barclays Capital. In one bright spot, retail sales across the 19 countries using the euro increased in December as sales of food, drinks and tobacco rose over the Christmas period, according to official data released on Wednesday. However, Britain’s service sector growth was unscathed despite firms’ concerns about the risk of a referendum on European Union membership likely in June. The UK Markit/CIPS services PMI edged up to 55.6 in January, from 55.5 in Dec, to a level it has surpassed only once since July last year. Britain’s economy looks set to expand by 0.6 percent in the first quarter of 2016, picking up from estimated growth of 0.5 percent in the last three months of last year, Markit said. A reading on Britain’s manufacturing sector published on Monday showed the factory sector also grew, while research group NIESR said earlier it expects Britain’s economy to grow 2.3 percent this year, a slight improvement on 2015. The Bank of England is expected on Thursday to keep interest rates at their record low of 0.5 percent, where they have been kept since 2009. ASIA IMPROVES Activity in China’s services sector expanded at its fastest pace in six months in January, helping to offset the weakness in its manufacturing sector. The Caixin/Markit service sector PMI rose to 52.4 in January from a 17-month low reading of 50.2 in December. The increase was the largest since August 2014. On Monday the Caixin/Markit China manufacturing survey had shown the factory sector shrank for an 11th consecutive month in January. A composite Caixin output index covering both manufacturing and services rose to just above 50 in January. In 2015, the contribution from the services sector to China’s GDP climbed to 50.5 percent. China’s official manufacturing PMI showed manufacturing activity contracted at its fastest pace since August 2012, while the official service sector PMI also suggested service sector growth slowed from December. China’s economy grew 6.9 percent in 2015, the weakest pace of growth in a quarter of a century. “The government should continue to deepen reform, relax administrative controls and reduce restrictions on market entry for service providers,” said He Fan, chief economist at Caixin Inight Group. Japan also saw better news with activity in its service sector in January growing at the fastest pace in five months. The Markit/Nikkei Japan service sector PMI rose to 52.4 in January from 51.5 in December, remaining above the 50 threshold for the 10th consecutive month. In 2014, services accounted for 65 percent of Japan’s gross domestic product, while manufacturing had a 21 percent share. The Bank of Japan stunned investors last week by introducing negative interest rates to prevent concerns about a weakening global economy from derailing inflation expectations. Activity in India’s services sector increased at its fastest pace in more than 18 months in January, with the Nikkei/Markit PMI at 54.3 in January from the 53.6 in December, the seventh straight month above the 50-level. India’s manufacturing activity unexpectedly returned to growth in January according to a similar survey published earlier this week. The Reserve Bank of India held its benchmark interest rate at 6.75 percent on Tuesday. Asia’s third-largest economy is expected to grow at a steady rate and outpace China over the coming year. Share this: Related Posts OK Zimbabwe FY profit up 800pct, higher sales spur rebound Stock rout extends as Europe shares fall Oil prices extend slide in commodities sell-off Stocks fall on China data, but stronger euro zone lifts gloom Asia stocks, dollar rise on China inflation data relief Government to reduce pensionable age Asian shares recover after Apple, oil boost Wall Street Why Zimbabwe is now in the grip of deflation Mad Management: Some economic considerations to ponder as election day approaches Global stocks, dollar stumble ahead of Fed, BOJ meetings Share this on WhatsApp Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment We chased that crazy Marley out of this town… 7th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 It was going to be the perfect prelude to Madaraka Day — the day we obtained self-government in advance of full Independence. Damien Marley in concert, the youngest son of the late, great Bob Marley […] Arts & Entertainment Rihanna shares hilarious Gucci Mane meme after she is called ‘fat 6th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 Rihanna has hit back at body shamers in the most hilarious way possible. The Works hitmaker took to social media on Monday 5 June, to share a meme about Gucci Mane to clap back at […] Arts & Entertainment Kendrick Lamar mocked for buying sister ‘cheap’ graduation present – Toyota responds 6th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 Kendrick Lamar is known to be one of the most frugal rappers in the game. Therefore it should come as no surprise that the Money Trees hitmaker chose not to buy his younger sister a […] Arts & Entertainment ‘All I felt was rage’ – Trevor Noah recounts the day his stepfather shot his mom 4th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 SA-born comedian and TV host Trevor Noah has reflected on the rage he felt after discovering that his stepfather had shot his mother in the head. The incident which took place several years ago, has […]   Previous article Next article 49 Comments on Global business activity starts 2016 on weak note Callaway Golf store 2nd May 2017 at 08:58 Im still learning from you, while Im making my way to the top as well. I absolutely enjoy reading all that is posted on your site.Keep the stories coming. I liked it! Callaway Golf store http://www.callawaygolfstore.online Reply Air max pas cher 3rd May 2017 at 18:46 How do i forward my blogspot account to my website domain name? Reply nfl store europe 3rd May 2017 at 23:26 ee weblog! nfl store europe http://www.nflstore.online Reply ugg boots outlet 4th May 2017 at 12:32 Its rare for me to discover something on the net that is as entertaining and intriguing as what you have got here. Your page is lovely, your graphics are great, and whats more, you use source that are relevant to what you are talking about. Youre definitely one in a million, good job! ugg boots outlet http://www.uggbootsoutlet.online Reply Vibro plates in New Ross 4th May 2017 at 21:21 When trying to publish a book wouldn’t you protect your story or content with a copyright? Vibro plates in New Ross http://vibroplates.ie/vibro-plates-in-new-ross.html Reply roberto cavalli sample sale 6th May 2017 at 02:59 Dear admin, thanks for providing this blog post. I found it great. Take care, roberto cavalli sample sale http://www.robertocavallisale.online Reply Jack Wolfskin Outlet online 6th May 2017 at 14:53 Very nice site you have here, has useful information that can apply to anyone 🙂 Jack Wolfskin Outlet online http://www.jackwolfskinoutlet.online Reply hermes chaussures femme 7th May 2017 at 09:56 ﻿tourné tôt pour Fonds possibleSocial pour la paix et le développement dans les régions de conflit des Philippines? 241continuation et l’expansion de l’effort. Le forPeace Fonds social ARMM et le développement envisagé quatre buts. Ceux-ci comprennent creatingpartnerships entre les parties prenantes autrefois sur des côtés opposés, etgénérer des opportunités temporaires et à long terme, emploi especiallyfor femmes et les jeunes hors de l’école, parfois en aidant les micro-entreprises. Le programme successeur visant à améliorer l’accès des communautés pauvres, touchées par le conflit aux services médicaux et sociaux, et de la gouvernance improvelocal et des capacités institutionnelles, avec un ontransparency d’accent et les ONG à base de accountability.Faith et d’autres organisations de la société civile sont attendus TOPlay significative et rôle dans la poursuite Reply oaklley 8th May 2017 at 01:11 http://franchise.thebodyshop.com/wp-content/glass/2017-occhiali-da-vista-it-723.cfmray ban occhiali da sole Reply get a fake id 8th May 2017 at 01:27 http://www.bl0769.comfake id texas Reply parajumpers bomber jacket 8th May 2017 at 08:10 Odd , this page shows up with a black color to it, what color is the primary color on your webpage? parajumpers bomber jacket http://www.cheapparajumpers.online Reply lv outlet store 8th May 2017 at 12:02 keep up the good work on the blog. I kinda like it! Could use some more frequent updates, but im sure you got more or better stuff to do , hehe. lv outlet store http://www.shoplvlv.us Reply keen outlet store 8th May 2017 at 13:27 Hands down, Apples app store wins by a mile. Its a huge selection of all sorts of apps vs a rather sad selection of a handful for Zune. Microsoft has plans, especially in the realm of games, but Im not sure Id want to bet on the future if this aspect is important to you. The iPod is a much better choice in that case. Technically, colitis disease is an inflammation of the colon. keen outlet store http://www.keenstore.online Reply bracelet hermes femme 9th May 2017 at 10:43 ﻿sont dans une certaine mesure esthétique qu’ils partlyrepresent la même idée qui régulait l’expression de la souffrance inGreek art. Mais ils sont beaucoup plus moral que l’esthétique, comme nous shallpresently observe.From cette étiquette primaire du sourire, il a été développé étiquette asecondary, dont le respect a impelledforeigners fréquemment pour former les plus cruelles erreurs de jugement quant à sensibil-ity japonais. Il est la coutume native que chaque fois qu’un fait douloureux ou choquant DOIT être dit, l’annonce devrait être faite, par la victime, avec un smile.179The Graver le sujet, plus accentué le sourire; et quand thematter est très désagréable pour la personne qui parle de lui, les oftenchanges sourire à un bas, rire doux. Cependant amèrement la mère qui a losther premier-né peut avoir pleuré à la Reply arcteryx backpack sale 10th May 2017 at 12:20 great tips. perhaps i have carried out half or 3/4 of this arcteryx backpack sale http://www.arcteryxstore.online Reply vibram fivefingers sale 10th May 2017 at 13:17 Hi! I have been searching for an interesting costume, do You know a webshop where I could buy it? Bye! vibram fivefingers sale http://www.vibramfivefingerssale.online Reply chanel department store 12th May 2017 at 02:14 Ive meant to publish about something like th is on one of my blogs and th is gave me an notion. TY. chanel department store http://www.angigreene.com/chanel/ Reply factory ecco outlet 12th May 2017 at 12:11 Good work there. I must appreciate author as well. factory ecco outlet http://www.eccoonlinestore.com Reply merrell mens sandals sale 12th May 2017 at 18:06 thank you for your great article and blog it makes my day merrell mens sandals sale http://www.merrellstore.online Reply pierre hardy calamity 13th May 2017 at 17:53 I like this post, enjoyed this one regards for putting up. pierre hardy calamity Reply patagonia outlet store 14th May 2017 at 10:27 I really enjoy this theme you have got going on in your web site. What is the name of the theme by the way? I was thinking of using this style for the website I am going to construct for my school project. patagonia outlet store http://www.joessmogtestonly.com/patagonia/ Reply discount coach outlet 14th May 2017 at 19:18 Aw, this was a very nice post. In thought I want to put in writing like this moreover – taking time and actual effort to make an excellent article however what can I say I procrastinate alot and by no means appear to get something done. discount coach outlet http://www.tooast.co.uk Reply cheap Louis Vuitton outlet 14th May 2017 at 19:19 I usually dont commonly post on many another Blogs, however Thank you very much keep up the amazing work. Ok regrettably its time to get to school. cheap Louis Vuitton outlet http://www.nordstromoutlet.online Reply http://www.Linux.Net 15th May 2017 at 02:47 Hey just wanted tto give you a quick hheads up. The text in your post seem to be running offf the screen in Firefox. I’m not sure if this is a formattkng issue or something to doo with internet browser compafibility but I figured I’d post to leet you know. The layout look great though! Hoppe you get the issue resolved soon. Cheers Reply Make fake id online 19th May 2017 at 14:39 http://symposia.org/FAKEID/fake id master Reply fake id master 20th May 2017 at 09:13 http://www.fatshadow.com/IDCARD/ florida fake id Reply Air max pas cher 20th May 2017 at 14:34 Hello! I just would like to give a huge thumbs up for the great info you have here on this post. I will be coming back to your blog for more soon. Reply fake id online maker 22nd May 2017 at 06:27 http://www.hollydickens.com/kmnj.php?id=3o2tuvd8wem.pdffake id generator online free Reply how to make a fake Pennsylvania driver's license 22nd May 2017 at 14:33 http://www.hollydickens.com/kmnj.php?id=9m8rpjb9kzt.pdffake id that scan Reply fake Maine id card 22nd May 2017 at 18:32 http://www.hollydickens.com/kmnj.php?id=6w2tpnh6nbq.pdffakies review Reply fake driver license maker 23rd May 2017 at 02:29 http://www.hollydickens.com/kmnj.php?id=0d0rhvw2pnd.pdfhow to make a fake id card at home Reply Google matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:21 Want to read more from you admin. x front teacher sg great fun Reply satka matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:23 Very interesting article posted here. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply Google matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:23 Your blog is wonderful. x front teacher sg great fun Reply satka matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:25 Beautiful post by the admin. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply Google matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:26 A nice post from the admin desk. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply google casino 24th May 2017 at 12:11 Beautiful post by the admin. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply golden goose chaussure 25th May 2017 at 01:23 ﻿ceux-ci restent à leur enseigner anythingelse que d’aller par les ordres et se maintenir dans les whethermarching ou combattre: dont ils facilement enseignés en mélangeant themselveswith eux, de sorte que, en sachant comment garder obéir aux ordres, ils couldexist plus dans le army.COSIMOWould vous demandez-leur de former cette façon maintenant FABRIZIOMany de ceux qui ont été mentionnés, comme la course la lutte, les faire sauter, en les faisant travailler dur sous les armes plus lourdes than43the ordinaire, ce qui les rend attirent l’arbalète et la fronde?; à laquelle Iwould ajouter l’arme légère, un nouvel instrument comme vous le savez, et un néces-saire. Et j’accoutumer tous les jeunes de mon Etat à ce train-ing: mais cette partie d’entre eux que je me suis inscrit à se battre, je former wouldespecially avec une plus grande de l’industrie et plus de sollicitude, et je wouldtrain Reply Vibro plates in Claregalway 25th May 2017 at 08:14 Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate? Reply casino 25th May 2017 at 09:18 You post is awesome man. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply Beauty Training Courses Hampshire 25th May 2017 at 17:02 Wow, awesome blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is fantastic, let alone the content! Reply coffret parfum hermes 27th May 2017 at 12:43 ﻿et une lettre. Je l’ai écrit à hisdictation alors qu’il était en train de mourir. Il a vécu à peine une heure afterward.The étranger baissa la tête au cri affligé que son newselicited du prêtre, qui, après quelques instants effort vain de parler, ouvrit la lettre et lut: Mon cher ami, Il est sans faute mans mais le mien que je havecome à cela. J’ai eu beaucoup de chance, et dernièrement ai compter thedays jusqu’à ce que je devrais rentrer chez eux. Mais la nuit dernière lourde nouvelles de NewOrleans me parvint, et je déchira la fleur pressé en morceaux. Sous la firstsmart et l’humiliation de la foi brisée I a été rendue désespérée, et pickeda inutile querelle. Dieu merci, il est moi qui ai la punition. Par dearfriend, comme je mens ici, en laissant un monde qu’aucun homme ait jamais aimé plus, je havecome de vous comprendre. Pour vous et votre Reply Michaspeex 31st May 2017 at 20:56 Xenical Prix En France [url=http://buyizot.xyz/order-accutane-online.php]Order Accutane Online[/url] Baclofene Article Le Monde How To Buy Synthroid Online [url=http://buynolva.xyz/where-to-buy-nolvadex.php]Where To Buy Nolvadex[/url] Shipped Ups Acticin Where To Order Free Shipping Online Stendra Worldwide [url=http://buycheapdapoxonline.xyz/buy-dapoxetine-priligy.php]Buy Dapoxetine Priligy[/url] Tadalafil France Levitra 5 Mg Contro L Impotenza [url=http://buyzol.xyz/order-zoloft-in-usa.php]Order Zoloft In Usa[/url] Levaquin Medicine Without A Script Overseas Delivered On Saturday Kamagra Super [url=http://nolva.xyz/best-place-to-buy-nolvadex.php]Best Place To Buy Nolvadex[/url] Buy Prevacid Online Cheap Cephalexin Sample [url=http://buyclomiphene1.xyz/how-much-is-clomid.php]How Much Is Clomid[/url] Propecia Ahumada Viagra Kaufen Bremen [url=http://nolva.xyz/buy-nolvadex-online.php]Buy Nolvadex Online[/url] Viagra Prix Levitra 10 Mg Prezzo [url=http://nolva.xyz/where-can-i-buy-nolvadex-online.php]Where Can I Buy Nolvadex Online[/url] Dutasteride 0.5mg Direct Website Mastercard With Overnight Delivery Comprare Levitra Generico [url=http://leviusa.com]buy levitra generic online[/url] Flagyl 400 Er Noble Drugstore [url=http://cialis-cheap.BuyCial.com]Cialis Cheap[/url] Cialis Equivalent Naturel Viagra Super P Force [url=http://buyzithro.xyz/buy-azithromycin.php]Buy Azithromycin[/url] Acquistare Finasteride Propecia Generico Safe Place Online To Order Cytotec [url=http://strat1.xyz/no-prescription-strattera.php]No Prescription Strattera[/url] Amoxicillin Overdose Infant Cytotec 200 РћСљg [url=http://buyprednis.xyz/deltasone.php]Deltasone[/url] Pharmacy World Canada Reviews Amoxicillin Blood Pressure Dangers [url=http://nolva.xyz/order-nolvadex-no-prescription.php]Order Nolvadex No Prescription[/url] Buy Lasix Without A Prescription Online Elocon Elocon Cream For Sale Harrogate [url=http://viag1.xyz/low-price-viagra.php]Low Price Viagra[/url] Cialis Black Market Price 274 Zithromax Price Without Insurance [url=http://viag1.xyz/viagra-pills.php]Viagra Pills[/url] Qsymia No Prescription Online Amoxicillin And Clavulanate Potassium Overdose [url=http://deltas.xyz/purchase-deltasone-40mg.php]Purchase Deltasone 40mg[/url] Celexa No Prescription Us Pharmacy Kamagra Discount Code [url=http://amox1.xyz/amoxil-cost.php]Amoxil Cost[/url] How To Buy Viagra Pills How To Buy Cialis Cheap [url=http://viag1.xyz/viagra-price.php]Viagra Price[/url] Prednisolone Tablets Online Cheapest Prices On Suhagra 100 [url=http://doxyc.xyz/doxycycline-online.php]Doxycycline Online[/url] Zithromax Shipped Overnight Propecia Buy Online Canada [url=http://buykama.xyz/buy-kamagra-online-100mg.php]Buy Kamagra Online 100mg[/url] Kamagra Original Falschung Priligy Niederlande [url=http://buycheapind.xyz/propranolol-free-trial.php]Propranolol Free Trial[/url] Discount Isotretinoin Dexamethasone Fast Delivery [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis[/url] Cialis Malaysia Order Plavix Online Uk [url=http://cial1.xyz/generic-cialis-online.php]Generic Cialis Online[/url] American Online Pharmacy Indoacin [url=http://order-cialis-online-usa.BuyCial.com]Order Cialis Online Usa[/url] Cephalexin Oral Suspension Zithromax One Time Dose [url=http://buy-cheap-cialis-on-line.cial5mg.com]Buy Cheap Cialis On Line[/url] Interaction Amoxicillin With Doxicillin Levitra Farmacia [url=http://antabusa.xyz/buy-antabuse-online-usa.php]Buy Antabuse Online Usa[/url] Will High Single Dose Amoxicillin Chlamydia Meilleure Facon De Prendre Priligy [url=http://doxyc.xyz/cost-of-vibramycin.php]Cost Of Vibramycin[/url] Liquid Amoxicillin For Kittens Cheap Cialis Extra Strength [url=http://zol1.xyz/implicane-online.php]Implicane Online[/url] Archive Amoxil Blog Achetent Inurl Cialis Farmaco [url=http://cheap-cialis-40mg.BuyCial.com]Cheap Cialis 40mg[/url] Generic Cialis Online Cheap Propecia E Ereccion [url=http://buyal.xyz/orlistat-tablets.php]Orlistat Tablets[/url] Acheter Cialis Quebec Propecia Es Igual Que Proscar [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis online[/url] Buy Amoxicillin 500mg No Prescription Cialis Online Europe [url=http://5553pill.xyz/buy-doxycycline-online.php]Buy Doxycycline Online[/url] Acticin Elimite Drugs On Line Cialis 20mg Pellic [url=http://levi1.xyz/best-price-on-levitra.php]Best Price On Levitra[/url] Minoxidil Baclofen Commander [url=http://cyto1.xyz/how-much-is-cytotec.php]How Much Is Cytotec[/url] Compra Viagra Calidad Best Online Canadian Pharcharmy [url=http://buystrat.xyz/cheap-strattera-no-rx.php]Cheap Strattera No Rx[/url] Viagra Kaufen Tipps Buy Keflex [url=http://nolva.xyz/purchase-nolvadex.php]Purchase Nolvadex[/url] Best Buy Direct Doryx Low Price Reply Michaspeex 4th June 2017 at 02:02 Prevacid Edmonton [url=http://bpdrugs.com/purchase-cialis.php]Purchase Cialis[/url] Generic Viagra Cheap Acheter Cialis Sur Paris [url=http://cialcost.com/generic-cialis-cheapest.php]Generic Cialis Cheapest[/url] Effets Cialis Generique Ajanta Pharma Generic Viagra [url=http://cialis-online-no.BuyCial.com]Cialis Online No[/url] Priligy 30 Mg Vademecum Achat De Ciprofloxacin En Ligne [url=http://buy-priligy-dapoxetine.priliorder.com]Buy Priligy Dapoxetine[/url] Dapoxetina Prezzo Canada Pharmacy On Line [url=http://buy-generic-priligy.priliorder.com]Buy Generic Priligy[/url] Listino Levitra In Farmacia Viagra Espagne Sans Ordonnance [url=http://cialis-online-pharmacy.BuyCial.com]Cialis Online Pharmacy[/url] Propecia Pastilla Cialis Soft Moins Cher [url=http://viagra-online-online.viasample.com]Viagra Online Online[/url] Propecia Organic Was Kostet Viagra In Apotheke [url=http://low-cost-propecia.propecorder.com]Low Cost Propecia[/url] Acheter Dapoxetine Hcl En Ligne Isotretinoin Acutane [url=http://brandcial.com/buy-cialis.php]Buy Cialis[/url] Kamagra Oral Jelly Legal Ciprofloxacin Functional Groups [url=http://bpdrugs.com/buy-cialis-online.php]Buy Cialis Online[/url] Cialis Info Donde Comprar Viagra Por Internet [url=http://viacheap.com]viagra[/url] Ebay Cialis Generico Doxycycline From Mexico [url=http://leviusa.com]levitra in canada discount code[/url] Tadalis Sx Soft Buy Cephalexin With A Chocolate Malt [url=http://brandcial.com/brand-cialis-online.php]Brand Cialis Online[/url] Cialis O Viagra Cual Comprar How Amoxicillin Works [url=http://levipill.com/buy-levitra-20mg-usa.php]Buy Levitra 20mg Usa[/url] Can You Take Naproxen With Prednisone Propecia Configurar [url=http://cialbuy.com]cialis buy online[/url] Buy Cipro In Canada Dealing With Anger Caused By Cymbalta [url=http://bpdrugs.com/cialis-5mg.php]Cialis 5mg[/url] Propecia Finasteride 1mg Colombia Comprar Propecia [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis online[/url] Pyridium No Script Needed Low Price Amoxicillin Allergies [url=http://buying-propecia.propecorder.com]Buying Propecia[/url] Can Amoxicillin Get You High Propecia How Much Prescription [url=http://cheapest-cialis.tadalaf.com]Cheapest Cialis[/url] Secure Buy Cialis Online Europ Buy Cheap Finasteride [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis online[/url] Crohn’S Disease Cephalexin Online No Rx Pharmacy [url=http://newisotretinoin.com/accutane-capsules.php]Accutane Capsules[/url] Propecia Skin Rash Drugs Viagra Gibraltar [url=http://levitra-in-usa.buylevi.com]Levitra In Usa[/url] Viagra Testo Levitra Billig [url=http://leviusa.com]cheapest brand name levitra[/url] Viagra With Out Prescription Vendita Cialis Ebay [url=http://propecia-generic-usa.propecpills.com]Propecia Generic Usa[/url] All Pill Shop Buy Viagra In Canada Legally [url=http://bpdrugs.com/cialis-5mg.php]Cialis 5mg[/url] Average Cost Of Viagra 100mg In at per cent it was still above the level. All of the credit scores provided by Experian are based on the Vantage. [url=http://quickloan-24.com]cash advance[/url] The effects on a credit score of default on a small loan are pretty much the same as a default on a much larger one. For Example Bruce Buyer and Barbara Buyer husband and wife as community property.com Destination BC visitTravelDestination BCnavigationwww Home Guides visitReal EstateHome Guidesnavigationwww Inside Scoop SF visitFoodInside Scoop SFnavigationwww Games visitAEGamesnavigationwww Federal Trade Commission Consumer Information Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit Politics visitNewsPoliticsnavigationwww Houzz visitLivingHouzznavigationwww The Daily Dish visitAEThe Daily Dishnavigationwww Terms of Use visitHomeTerms of Usenavigationwww Mexico visitTravelMexiconavigationwww Job Events visitJobsJob Eventsnavigationwww Sponsored visitLivingSponsorednavigationwww As visitSportsAsnavigationwww Things to Know About Home Equity Financing Is It Possible to Have a FHA Loan Get a Second Property with a Conventional Mortgage Loan On the Block Blog visitReal EstateOn the Block Blognavigationwww Lust visitLivingLustnavigationwww Mind Your Business visitBusinessMind Your Businessnavigationwww If you are smelling a burning smell in a ceiling fan.Amoxicillin Dose For Humans [url=http://costofvia.com/biuy-viagra-online.php]Biuy Viagra Online[/url] Cialis Achat Pas Cher Best Online Penicillin [url=http://how-to-buy-kamagra.kamagorder.com]How To Buy Kamagra[/url] Dove Comprare Viagra Sicuro Online Consultation Propecia [url=http://costofvia.com/brand-viagra-online.php]Brand Viagra Online[/url] Free Amoxicillin In Montgomery Alabama Buy Domperidone Without Prescription [url=http://viacheap.com]viagra[/url] Achat Viagra Ligne France Purchasing Acticin Best Website Pills Overseas Next Day [url=http://low-cost-generic-kamagra.kamagpills.com]Low Cost Generic Kamagra[/url] Reliable Phyrmacy Codes Viagra Joke [url=http://levicost.com]buy levitra on line[/url] Buy Online Cialis Without Prescription Reply chase credit card login 4th June 2017 at 17:19 Clients of Genghis Capital, a company closely associated with Chase Bank Group, continue to be unable to access their funds five weeks since reopening from the bank. Reply hermes bel ami 5th June 2017 at 10:12 ﻿couru à Hercules, et a le temps downTANGLEWOOD TALES43another blow.This, scélérat, cria-t-il, vous n’échappera me.But une fois de plus Hercules conjuré la course avec son club, et l’arbre theGiants de pin a été brisé en mille éclats, la plupart des whichflew chez les Pygmées et les a fait plus de mal que j’aime thinkabout. Avant Antaeus pourrait sortir de la voie, Hercules laisser conduire à nouveau, et lui a donné une autre Knock- bas coup, ce qui lui a envoyé des talons sur la tête, mais ne servait qu’à augmenter ses déjà énormes et insupportables strength.As pour sa rage, il n’y a pas dire ce que la fournaise de feu qu’il avait maintenant obtenu à be.His un œil était rien, mais un cercle de flamme rouge. Ayant maintenant noweapons mais ses poings, il les a doublé chaque plus grand qu’un muid, battit un contre l’autre, et dansé Reply basket golden goose 8th June 2017 at 01:28 ﻿areonly donnée aux enfants, qui doivent venir pendant la journée, ou en summerwhen les soirées sont trop légers pour permettre une performance en plein air. En theordinary façon, la nuit, un grand écran est fixé dans l’ouverture. Il y a trou aspecial couper dans le côté du wagon, et à travers ce thekinematograph jette son image sur le grand écran à l’extérieur, de sorte que des milliers thatseveral peut le voir à la fois. L’enthousiasme Burov a insisté onworking par un couple de films pour nous, montrant les boyscouts communistes dans leurs camps de pays, childrens réunions à Petrograd, et theBig manifestations de l’année dernière en l’honneur de la Troisième Internationale. Hewas extrêmement déçus que Radek, étant pressé, a refusé de WAITFOR une performance du Père et son Fils, un drame qui, il assuredus avec des larmes dans Reply satka matka online 8th June 2017 at 05:30 Useful and very helpful article by the admin. x front teacher sg great fun Reply Google matka online 8th June 2017 at 05:31 Its a superb blog. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply 43 Trackbacks & Pingbacks charity fraudster Best Newspaper in India para kazanmak Sandra balan computer kopen Aalten outlet ullared kimim ben une bite office furniture gauteng fertigyn 5000 lawyer Zimbabwe Demands Industries Pay in Advance for Imported Power – 263AfricaNews international removals dublin Foreign Currency Exchange apps kimsin sen Bilskrot Göteborg trump for children home improvement kalpa pharmaceuticals supplier hernia mesh lawsuit buy stanozolol tablets empresa informatica hampton bay Skrota bilen gratis hire a lawyer Dicito joker casino malaysia good Free Adult Chat UK Chat Rooms economics tuition clicking here visit this page security roadside assistance economics tuition singapore is motor club america a scam Best Best Online News in the World Best Best Online News in the World Best Best Online News in the World GVK BIO Best Best Online News in the World Switch Energy Supplier Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website In the Spotlight Zanu PF terrorists threatens genocide by Staff Reporter in Headline 0 ZANU PF youths have threatened to “take up arms of war” to crush a five-day shutdown, which is being organised by social movement Tajamuka/Sesijikile to protest against alleged misrule by President Robert Mugabe. BY EVERSON [...] Follow on Facebook   In the Spotlight Mpilo hospital scores a first by Staff Reporter in Health & Fitness 0 MPILO Central Hospital in Bulawayo is set to roll out nuclear medicine, the first institution to do so in Zimbabwe, and this will result in advanced diagnosis and treatment of cancer, heart, lung, kidney diseases [...] Event Updater Winky D live in London. Video by Reminiscs Msgs Madirirano SA Tour, Capetown. Video by Simbarashe Chakare Sulumani Chimbetu Live in Edmonton, Canada. Video by Africa RadioShow Jah Prayzah in London. Video by Belinda Magejo Fungisayi in London. Video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zodwa Wabantu video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zimbabwe Gospel Artist Tyra Chikocho popularly known as Madam Boss singing LIVE in Leicester, United Kingdom. - Video by Obert Mazivisa Editor’s Zanu PF terrorists threatens genocide Man loses 22-year-old wife to football ‘bet’ Zuma could be removed as S.African president before 2019: ANC’s Mantashe Catholic Priest dies in car crash Headmistress wards off robber after being stabbed 9 times UK pupils raise funds for Zimbabwean counterparts We chased that crazy Marley out of this town… Djokovic knocked out of French Open in quarter-finals Farm workers get $3 salary increment The United States considered Sekeramayi presidential material way back in 1988 photo towel: I regard something genuinely special in this site. how important is sex: how important is sex [...]usually posts some incredibly interesting stuff like this. If you are new to this site[...] Vpsgol.Net: d5f472 News in Motion Report links Malema-Kasukuwere plot to topple Mugabe 7th May 2017 0 Abstinence from sexual activity 23rd March 2017 219 Ivory Coast win African Nations Cup on penalties 8th February 2015 0 BB King, the King of Blues, dies at 89 15th May 2015 35 Zimbabwe’s Olympics Team Preps For Rio 2016 Olympics On Course 13th July 2016 42 ‘Tsvangirai leaves hospital, expected home soon’ 30th May 2016 1343 OPPOSITION MDC-T leader Morgan Tsvangirai has been discharged from a private South African hospital where he was admitted since last week and is expected home anytime soon, NewsDay has learnt. BY PHYLLIS MBANJE In a [...] Hunger stalks Buhera 17th April 2016 853 Jonathan Moyo according to Wikileaks-Part One 22nd October 2016 703 Shamu to topple Mutsvangwa 16th August 2016 572 Botswana Public Floggings Scaring Zimbabweans 27th March 2016 493 About Us Authors Staff Reporter published 14058 articles admin published 1 articles Contact us: editor@thezimbabwemail.com, opinion@thezimbabwemai Staff Reporter published 14058 articles admin published 1 articles Copyright © 2017 | The Zimbabwe Mail Online News
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS ETMarkets Evening Podcast: How will markets react to major global events? ZEEL buys balance 49% in India Webportal for Rs 197 crore European Central Bank sticks with economic stimulus Tech View: Nifty50 forms small bearish pattern, time to book profit FIIs still looking for ideas to invest in India: Gautam Chhaochharia, UBS HFCs continue to be most stable in financial sector: Krishnan Sitaraman, CRISIL Ratings Tata Steel, ICICI Bank among 20 most active stocks Sensex, Nifty end marginally lower; GAIL top loser Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma shine in lacklustre session Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Markets Data Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 08 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,213-57.92 NIFTY 50 9,647-16.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,253-187.00 USD/INR 64.21-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Packed Thursday to test financial markets not easily flummoxed Bloomberg| Updated: Jun 08, 2017, 10.45 AM IST READ MORE ON » volatilitystocksRecessionmarketsMarketliquidityInflation To be sure, the market itself has flashed signs of caution, especially when it comes to U.S. equity valuations. Call it the Teflon market. The world’s on edge over everything from rising tension in the Middle East to an uncertain U.K. election to the turmoil surrounding the Trump administration. Yet financial markets chug along as if nothing’s amiss -- global stocks are churning just 0.4 per cent below all-time highs, while volatility in equities, bonds and currencies remains dormant and money continues to pour into riskier developing nations. It’s a pattern that’s held for the better part of the year, with the odd bout of angst thrown in. Investors have discounted geopolitical risks as idiosyncratic and focused instead on a global economy that’s powering higher amid persistently low inflation. With central banks assuring they’ll remove years of stimulus only gradually, risk tolerance remains robust. “While you may get little spikes in risk aversion at times, markets are looking through them, as long as the underlying fundamentals remain supportive,” said Peter Kinsella, a senior currency and rates strategist at Commonwealth Bank of Australia from London. Then there’s Thursday. The European Central Bank’s rate decision will unveil officials’ views on inflation and how long they’ll leave the monetary spigot flowing. Former FBI Director James Comey testifies to a Senate committee on his interactions with President Donald Trump. And the day ends with the outcome of a U.K. election that polls show tightening into the vote. “Investors are mindful of the event risks, but the liquidity trade is by far the most important and most dominant factor,” said Mark Nash, head of global bonds at Old Mutual Global Investors in London. “It makes the market very forgiving.” Look no further than the economy for a reason why. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development on Wednesday raised its forecast for global growth this year to 3.5 per cent from 3.3 per cent as of March. Historically, it’s generally taken prolonged economic contraction to end a bull market, and JPMorgan Chase & Co. notes that no rally has peaked longer than a year before a recession has started. “We have this kind of Goldilocks world continuing where no one sees any dramatic threats to growth on the horizon,” said Rupert Harrison, chief macro strategist at BlackRock in London on Bloomberg Television. “This is still a very unloved rally in terms of the equity markets. We still think it has some further to go.” The ECB is least likely to disrupt the calm Thursday, with the central bank preparing to cut its inflation outlook at the policy meeting, boosting the prospect stimulus will remain in place longer, Bloomberg reported. In the U.S., investors have long anticipated the Federal Reserve will tighten at its meeting next week -- though the pace from there remains glacial, according to the Fed fund futures. While the latest diplomatic spat among Qatar and its Arab neighbors exacerbated geopolitical concerns, market risks from such events have been fleeting in recent years, including Russia’s annexation of Crimea and the U.K.’s vote to exit the European Union. Jens Nystedt, a senior portfolio manager at Morgan Stanley Investment Management, examined major political events since World War II and found that any initial selloff only proved to be buying opportunities. Comey’s testimony could see the market add to rising speculation the Trump administration won’t be able to push through tax and regulatory overhauls aimed at boosting growth -- though the so-called Trump trade expired weeks ago. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s gauges of high-tax stocks, for instance, have been underperforming low-tax companies, suggesting little expectations for reform in that area. The market cares about politics that have an impact on the economy. That’s not likely on Thursday, said CBA’s Kinsella. “Investors can see that political risks rarely result in market negative outcomes over the longer term,” he said. To be sure, the market itself has flashed signs of caution, especially when it comes to U.S. equity valuations. The Shiller Cyclical Adjusted P/E ratio reached the most expensive level since the dot-com bubble, while the credit market has shown hints of stress as household borrowings surged to a record $12.7 trillion. Billionaire investor Bill Gross warned Wednesday that U.S. markets are at their highest risk levels since before the 2008 financial crisis because of the lofty valuation. “Instead of buying low and selling high, you’re buying high and crossing your fingers,” Gross, manager of the $2 billion Janus Henderson Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, said at the Bloomberg Invest New York summit. READ MORE ON » volatilitystocksRecessionmarketsMarketliquidityInflation Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Packed Thursday to test financial markets not easily flummoxed European Central Bank sticks with economic stimulus Tech View: Nifty50 forms small bearish pattern, time to book profit Tata Steel, ICICI Bank among 20 most active stocks Sensex, Nifty end marginally lower; GAIL top loser Dr Reddy's, Sun Pharma shine in lacklustre session Dear FM, rate cuts are killing jobs and you’re pushing for it! Market now: All PSU banks in red as RBI identifies large stressed loan accounts Market now: GAIL, Oil India, Petronet plunge as crude oil prices tank Equity MF inflows hit nearly 2-year high of Rs 10,790 crore in May ECB to keep taps open as economic outlook uncertain BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
null
null
null
Toggle navigation Join the ABA Shop ABA Calendar Member Directory ×Close Don't miss a story The latest legal news headlines delivered by email every weekday morning. Get our free email newsletter Email Address Sign me up! We take your privacy seriously. Read our privacy policy. News Home Featured Latest News Topics In-Depth Magazine Digital Edition Legal Rebels Podcasts Building the 21st-Century Law Firm Law by the Numbers Blawgs Blawg Directory Search Blawgs Blawg 100 About Authors Contact Us Contests Harper Lee Prize Cartoon Caption Contest Ross Essay Contest Subscribe to the Magazine Subscribe to Email Newsletters Social Media RSS Feeds Media Kit Submit Home Daily News Attorney General memo ends DOJ practice of… Attorney General Attorney General memo ends DOJ practice of donating settlement money to third parties Posted Jun 07, 2017 05:10 pm CDT By Lorelei Laird Attorney General Jeff Sessions/Gage Skidmore Tweet Attorney General Jeff Sessions has directed Justice Department lawyers to stop making settlement agreements that direct money to nongovernmental organizations that are not parties to the case or victims of the conduct that underlies the case, the Washington Post (sub. req.) reported Wednesday. Sessions issued a memo Tuesday to senior DOJ officials and U.S. Attorney’s offices directing them to end the practice, which the Post says arose under the Obama administration. This was especially common in settlements DOJ reached with mortgage lenders accused of wrongdoing during the financial crisis of 2008 and beyond, which were often directed to community groups, including local legal aid organizations. According to the Post, DOJ settled with several major mortgage lenders in 2013, allowing it to pay $3 billion to third-party legal aid groups and NeighborWorks, which works on housing issues and community development. In 2015, a settlement with JPMorgan Chase resulted in $7.5 billion for the American Bankruptcy Institute’s endowment for financial education. In 2016, a settlement with Volkswagen over its falsified emissions test results required the company to invest $2 billion in zero-emissions technology. CNBC adds that a settlement with Gibson Guitar Corp. over alleged use of illegally imported wood, required it to contribute to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation. The new policy forbids this kind of settlement except when the payments go to remedy direct harm from the alleged wrongdoing; pay restitution to victims; or pay for professional services performed in the case. All other funding should go to the U.S. Treasury, Sessions said. In a statement, Sessions said the payments to third parties were a form of political patronage. “When the federal government settles a case against a corporate wrongdoer, any settlement funds should go first to the victims and then to the American people—not to bankroll third-party special interest groups or the political friends of whoever is in power,” he said. “With this directive, we are ending this practice and ensuring that settlement funds are only used to compensate victims, redress harm and punish and deter unlawful conduct.” The practice had also been criticized by Republican legislators and commentators, who called it a “slush fund” that went to liberal groups, Fox News says. Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Virginia, introduced legislation in January that would prohibit it. Previous: New report finds corporate legal departments are awash in work and concerned about costs Next: Trump announces 11 judicial nominees, including a judge from his SCOTUS list Filed under: Attorney General | Executive Branch You might also like: Trump announces 11 judicial nominees, including a judge from his SCOTUS list Trump told Comey 'I need loyalty,' the fired FBI director says in prepared remarks Trump taps BigLaw lawyers for administration posts Attorney General Jeff Sessions reportedly offered to resign Trump chooses Christopher Wray for FBI director View the comments for this story We welcome your comments, but please adhere to our comment policy and the ABA Code of Conduct. Leave a comment Screen name Your screen name. Email address Your email address. Comment Notify me of follow-up comments? Yes Submit Comment Submit Most Read Most Commented Trump's travel ban 'drips with religious intolerance,' says en banc appeals court; injunction sticks Law student with felony record and Skadden fellowship denied character and fitness recommendation Did Trump break the law by firing Comey? He hints at 'tapes' in early morning tweets Does scope of Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian influence include obstruction of justice? Trump reportedly asked Comey to shut down Flynn probe; is it obstruction? Legal Rebels Do you suffer from ‘commoditization blindness’? If others can do your work for less, open your eyes Moving from Good Law to Great Law: An innovation update Operational excellence: Reducing complexity with transparency More stories ... Podcast powered by Legal Talk Network The Modern Law Library The conspiracy behind 1920s Osage Nation murders How a Chinese-American family challenged school segregation in 1920s Mississippi Should bystanders have a legal duty to intervene? Holocaust scholar weighs in More books ... Podcast powered by Legal Talk Network Podcast How to land government contracts as a minority- or women-owned firm More podcasts ... Ask Daliah Free client consultations can cost you It's OK to start as a generalist, then choose a practice Ask Daliah Saper ... Polls Help select the winner of the 2017 Harper Lee Prize for Legal Fiction More polls ... ABA Legal Career Center Private Wealth Associate - Husch Blackwell LLP - Milwaukee, WI Posted: Jun 7, 2017, 6:18 pm CDT More jobs ... ABA Journal American Bar Association 321 N Clark St Chicago, IL 60654-7598 800-285-2221 312-988-5522 Contact Us Featured Latest News Topics Magazine Digital Edition Blawg Directory Legal Rebels Podcasts Building the 21st-Century Law Firm Law by the Numbers Contests Social Media/ Apps RSS Feeds About ABA Journal Authors Tips & Pitches Corrections Reprints Back Issues Advertise With Us Subscribe Email Newsletters Terms of Use Code of Conduct Copyright Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights Copyright 2017 American Bar Association. All rights reserved.
null
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/u-s-steel-thanks-for-the-upgrade-1496863224 Stocks to Watch U.S. Steel: Thanks For the Upgrade! A mid-day upgrade from Standpoint research helped U.S. Steel shares stage a late afternoon rally. By Ben Levisohn June 7, 2017 3:20 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Early this afternoon, U.S. Steel (X) had given back most of the gains it had made after JPMorgan's Michael Gambardella said that the stock's recent weakness had created an "excellent entry point for investors." Then Standpoint Research's Ronnie Moas upgraded the stock. Illustration: Agence France-Presse/Getty Images Moas is one of the few analysts willing to upgrade or downgrade a stock while the market is open, and his rating changes can cause sudden moves in stocks. Moas explains why he upgraded U.S. Steel: I have gone in-and-out of US Steel three times in the past locking in gains of 18%, 19%, and 108% … the stock is down 50% off its 52-week high and is once again undervalued. I am reinstating this recommendation with a 2018-2019 price target of $28... US Steel is trading at 10X estimates for next year. There is some debt but there is also $1.2 bln in cash versus the $3.6 bln market capitalization. This is a high-beta, cyclical name with my fear of a recession and/or market correction offset by the expectation/hope that a significant infrastructure spending bill will be passed. U.S. Steel traded up as much as 3.9% at $21.08 this morning, before slipping to $20.04 at 1:18 p.m., down 1.2%. At 2pm it was trading up 0.9% at $20.48. Here's a chart of how U.S. Steel has traded today: Illustration: FactSet Shares of U.S. Steel have gained 2.6% to $20.82 at 3:08 p.m. today. Moas upgrade might not be the only reason for U.S. Steel's bounce, but it most certainly helped. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS The Big Shrug: Dow Gains 40 Points as Comey Statement Released NEXT The Biggest Loser: Newfield Exploration Sinks 7% as Oil Craters Most Popular Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller The Market Shows Relief Over Comey Testimony India IT: Heads Up … Layoffs Ahead Alibaba Analyst Meeting Day One: Targets 45% – 49% Revenue Growth, Renames Key Metrics Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Your Evening Briefing Here are today's top stories Bloomberg News June 7, 2017, 4:15 PM EDT Comey Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation Want to receive this post in your inbox every afternoon? Sign up here. Are you ready for Comey? A collision of scandal, politics, and Russia that wouldn’t be out of place on House of Cards, the fired FBI director’s Senate testimony on Thursday morning is going to be must-see TV for the nation. One Washington tavern has even created an “FBI sandwich” (fried chicken, bacon, and iceberg lettuce, natch) for the event. James Comey’s opening statement, released Wednesday afternoon, gives insight into what he will tell senators about his interactions with President Trump over the investigation into Russia’s election-meddling. It comes after two top U.S. intelligence chiefs refused to say whether they were asked by the president to help impede the Russia probe during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing.—Katie Robertson Eight senators to watch at the Comey hearing. The senators on the Intelligence Committee will get a national stage on Thursday to examine Trump’s interactions with former FBI director Comey. Major TV networks, including Bloomberg, are planning live coverage of the hearing, giving an opportunity for senators to make a mark, both on Trump’s future and their own political careers. Bill Gross says market risk is at its highest since before the 2008 crisis. The billionaire bond guru told the Bloomberg Invest New York summit that investors are paying a high price for the chances they’re taking. He also blamed central bank policies for artificially driving up asset prices with low-and negative-interest rates while creating little growth in the economy. Trump names a new FBI director. The president said Wednesday he will nominate former Justice Department official Christopher A. Wray as FBI director. The timing suggests the White House is trying to turn the page on former FBI director James Comey’s era before a Senate hearing on his dismissal. Jamie Dimon wants to disrupt JPMorgan. With $2.55 trillion in assets and operations, the bank has the most to lose should clients suddenly decide to do business in a different way. Star coder David Hudson is tasked with building innovation inside the bank to protect it from outside threats, making sure that if new technology upends trading patterns, it’s JPMorgan that does the disrupting. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Why you still can’t trust your financial adviser. This Friday, the Fiduciary Rule will take partial effect. Its future, though, is very much in doubt, which means seeking professional advice on your money remains a dangerous proposition. Consumers complain that many financial advisers just don’t care what’s best for you. But with an industry awash in misconduct, the bigger issue may be that they aren’t required to care. Theresa May could be damaged even if she wins the U.K. election. The prime minister may have called the snap election, which will be held Thursday, to strengthen her position, but instead it threatens to leave her weaker. Senior Conservative ministers and candidates are privately furious at the way the party has mismanaged the campaign and collapsed its lead over Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour Party. The one big reason why BuzzFeed needs to break into TV. As BuzzFeed considers going public next year, the entertainment and online media universes are watching its partnership with NBC for clues about where the hybridized TV-web industry is heading. The company’s future may hinge on whether it can get young viewers to spend 23 minutes watching someone eat a $100 doughnut. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
null
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Finance Will the Crisis of Confidence at Deutsche Bank Spread? Oct 04, 2016 Business Radio Law and Public Policy Europe Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Global capital markets are being pressured by the travails of Deutsche Bank, one of Europe’s largest investment banks, and there is yet no clarity on when the coast will clear. The bank’s stock has plunged to all-time lows as concerns about liquidity arose for a firm considered systemically important. The fear is that the German bank could fail and spark a domino effect that would harm the global banking system. This worry is heightened as German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s administration has rejected any bail-out plan. This week, Deutsche Bank executives are in Washington and will try to negotiate a settlement with U.S. officials. Investors began selling off shares after The Wall Street Journal reported in mid-September — and the bank confirmed — that it faced a $14 billion fine from the U.S. Justice Department for selling toxic mortgage-backed securities, a product whose quality was mischaracterized to investors and that led to the financial crisis in 2008. While the bank is ultimately expected to pay a much smaller fine — it believes $2 billion to $3 billion is a reasonable settlement but the final tally is expected to be somewhere in between the two figures — the company faces other litigation exposure as well. In Russia, the bank could be in trouble for “mirror trades” that allegedly hid money-laundering activities. In Italy, Deutsche Bank and other bank executives were charged with alleged financial crimes for their role in two complex financial transactions related to an Italian bank. The bank already paid a $2.5 billion to the U.S. last year and pleaded guilty for its role in manipulating the LIBOR rate. What’s spooking the markets today is the size of the current DOJ fine, which raised liquidity fears and led some hedge funds to pull their accounts and business from Deutsche Bank, according to Bloomberg News. The exits bring up the specter of a Lehman Bros.-style demise, and more departures would put pressure on Deutsche Bank’s debt-ridden balance sheet and hamper a banking business already reeling from the twin headwinds of slow economic growth in Europe and the impact of low-to-negative interest rates. After hitting an all-time low of just under 10 euros per share, Deutsche Bank closed at 11.75 euros on October 4 with a market value of 16 billion euros — nearly equal to its original fine. In contrast, JPMorgan Chase’s market capitalization is about $240 billion and Citigroup is worth nearly $137 billion. Besides the pending DOJ settlement, another factor hitting the stock price is industry malaise. “Globally, the investment banking business is going through a cyclical low with lower trading and lower activity in mergers and acquisitions, IPOs and other corporate actions,” says Radha Radhakrishna, a Wharton visiting professor who worked on Wall Street. “Immediate prospects for Deutsche Bank’s bread-and-butter business are therefore not great.” Also “while it is almost certain Deutsche Bank will probably need to issue equity, there is some uncertainty on what the exact penalty will be. Hence the plummeting and then see-sawing of its stock price.” “I believe a meltdown of the EU financial system is less likely than it was several years ago.”–Stephan Dieckmann In a letter to employees, Deutsche Bank CEO John Cryan pointed out that the company has “strong fundamentals” with more than 215 billion euros in liquidity reserves. “This is an extremely comfortable buffer,” he wrote. “There is therefore no basis for this speculation” about insolvency. In an interview on October 3 with CNBC, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon agreed. “There is no reason why Deutsche Bank shouldn’t get over its problems,” he said. “They have plenty of capital. They have plenty of liquidity.” Sponsored Content: Wharton adjunct finance professor Stephan Dieckmann, who believes the bank will ultimately pay a lower fine, says the settlement will undoubtedly bring up questions about the bank’s equity cushion. However, he points to signs that its financial position is strengthening. For one, the European Banking Authority’s stress test results released in July, which analyzed the bank’s financial health under severe adverse economic conditions, showed that Deutsche Bank has strengthened since 2014. It had an improved core capital ratio that is similar to those of other German banks. Moreover, there are backstops in place to help the firm, such as the Bank Recapitalization Program of the European Stability Mechanism. “This allows for direct lending to banks seeking financial assistance,” Dieckmann says. A stronger Deutsche Bank will alleviate any fears of a European financial contagion. “It is also because of such instruments that I believe a meltdown of the EU financial system is less likely than it was several years ago.” Not Like Lehman Bros. As for concerns that Deutsche Bank is facing a demise similar to Lehman Bros., Wharton finance professor Itay Goldstein points to significant differences. “It is certainly alarming to see a big bank like Deutsche Bank run into such problems. However, there is no indication at this point that this will be as big a crisis as the one surrounding the Lehman collapse back in 2008,” he says. Goldstein also points out that the environment has changed: The global financial system is better prepared now, having learned from the interconnections that led to the financial crisis. “Deutsche Bank is in better shape when it comes to liquidity, and is not yet close to the point Lehman was in of being completely cash-starved. Second, the problems with Lehman came due to the fact that it had many complex interconnections throughout the financial system, which many did not understand until things got worse,” Goldstein says. Also, “the decision to let Lehman fall is now seen as having backfired, since it led to the big crisis. I suspect governments will now be more risk-averse before letting something like this happen and consider more the idea of helping Deutsche Bank.” “There is no indication at this point that this will be as big a crisis as the one surrounding the Lehman collapse back in 2008.”–Itay Goldstein However, Goldstein says German officials might be politically hamstrung from mounting a rescue. They have a strict policy against bailouts and “were very explicit about this in issues that arose with Italian banks recently. So, it will be hard for them to change the tone now and come to the rescue of their own banks,” he says. Whatever action the German government takes, Goldstein believes one thing is clear: “It does not seem at the moment like this will become the next Lehman crisis.” But investors remain concerned. Deutsche Bank shares trade for around a quarter of its book value, which is “unusual and a sign of investor worry,” notes Wharton finance processor Krista Schwarz. Some hedge funds were concerned enough that they pulled accounts and trading business from the bank — the same type of liquidity squeeze that felled Lehman. Still, “I don’t think that this is going to be a repeat of Lehman,” Schwarz says. “Deutsche Bank is a still-solvent bank that is facing liquidity problems. People will argue for a long time to come whether Lehman was truly insolvent, but it is uncontroversial to say that Lehman was very close to the borderline of insolvency.” According to an analysis by Bloomberg Intelligence, Deutsche Bank has around $250 billion in reserves, over half of it in cash. That is three times larger than what it had in 2007. The bank has improved its funding profile, the report said, with more stable long-term debt and equity, and retail and transaction banking deposits at 72% of its funded balance sheet as of the second quarter. In 2007, this was at 30%. Moreover, “it is easy for the ECB to address Deutsche’s need for temporary liquidity” and “Deutsche has a sizeable amount of convertible debt that it could convert into equity, and that gives them a further cushion,” Schwarz says. Finally, she notes that the bank is “too big to fail. Despite claims to the contrary, the German government would bail them out if necessary.” “Deutsche Bank is a still-solvent bank that is facing liquidity problems.”–Krista Schwarz In the meantime, Wall Street is staying cautious. “The reaction on Wall Street is … always sell first and ask questions later,” said Paul Nolte, a portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management, on the Knowledge@Wharton show, which airs on SiriusXM’s Wharton Business Radio on Channel 111. He noted that Deutsche Bank shares have lost half their value this year and booked a loss of seven billion euros last year. “This is a deeply troubled company that has gone from scandal to scandal.” Another ‘Too Big to Fail’ Bank Peter Conti-Brown, Wharton professor of legal studies and business ethics, sees the bigger issue as going beyond the financial problems of Deutsche Bank. Assuming that the U.S. has a reasonable case against the firm to warrant the big fine, then “the bank shouldn’t be able to get away with this behavior just because it has grown so large as to jeopardize the financial system,” he says. “If we are willing to conclude otherwise, then we have given large financial institutions the equivalent of a get-out-of-jail free card — they now have an incentive to commit gross violations of the law.” Conti-Brown adds that “the rush to worry about systemic risk is missing the bigger, more problematic aspect of this debate: Whether banks have incentives to commit criminal fraud with the assurance that the benefits for doing so will far outweigh the costs.” William K. Black, a professor at the University of Missouri in Kansas City, shared the same view. “I don’t think it’s tenable to have these too big to prosecute entities [whose activities] lead to serial abuse where in essence they hold the global economy hostage,” he said on the Knowledge@Wharton show. “It’s sad that people can talk about massive fraud as a cost of doing business that they will … set aside [funds for] as opposed to stopping. It tells you the complete failure of deterrence.” Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Will the Crisis of Confidence at Deutsche Bank Spread?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 04 October, 2016. Web. 08 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/will-crisis-confidence-deutsche-bank-spread/> APA Will the Crisis of Confidence at Deutsche Bank Spread?. Knowledge@Wharton (2016, October 04). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/will-crisis-confidence-deutsche-bank-spread/ Chicago "Will the Crisis of Confidence at Deutsche Bank Spread?" Knowledge@Wharton, October 04, 2016, accessed June 08, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/will-crisis-confidence-deutsche-bank-spread/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Finance Has the U.S. Housing Market Recovered? It Depends on Where You Are… Like so many other things in real estate, perspectives on whether the housing market has recovered following the Financial Crisis will depend on three things: location, location, location. Public Policy The State of U.S.-E.U. Relations: Where’s the Common Ground? Wharton's Mauro Guillen and the Transatlantic Academy's Stephen Szabo discuss the state of U.S.-E.U. relations in light of recent comments by Donald Trump and Angela Merkel. Sponsored Content Leveraging Customer Analytics for Business Success Wharton professor and analytics expert Peter Fader joins WNS executives Raj SivaKumar and Mike Nemeth to discuss the power of harnessing customer analytics for business success.   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment joe bongiovanni Great article. Oh, ethics ? “There is no reason why Deutsche Bank shouldn’t get over its problems,” he said. “They have plenty of capital. They have plenty of liquidity.” If only they had some ethics to guide their game-plan in seeking their profit curve, they’d avoid lawbreaking and probably be a great bank. But they don’t. And, thus, they have to pay in order to maintain confidence in the system. Let’s get on with it and settle things out. The US gov owes us THE decision on its bottom line at the earliest possible time, followed by a couple of ‘why not?’ all-nighters. It is indecision and uncertainty that jiggers the markets unnecessarily. Put Dr. Black in charge and let’s move along. “There is no reason why Deutsche Bank shouldn’t get over its problems,” To drag out taking its ‘hit’ right now today, or a sign of true movement there, is to continue the loss of confidence in the banking sector generally. And there’s that ethical question again. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
null
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Bank execs now bullish on public blockchains, survey finds Two new services aim to help consumers save Staking out banks' place in the open financial web Why Citi puts a premium on mobile users' satisfaction Podcast How to catch the 'rogues' threatening your institution search goes here Bank execs now bullish on public blockchains, survey finds By Brian Patrick Eha Published June 07 2017, 6:25pm EDT More in Blockchain Digital currencies Bank technology Print Email Reprints Share Share on Public blockchains, historically seen as a nonstarter for banks, are winning fans in the financial industry. This sentiment is among the at-times surprising findings of a new study from Cognizant, a technology consulting firm. Over the past two years, banks have come to accept blockchain technology as a useful—and potentially transformative—innovation. Even so, most have tended to dismiss digital currencies and the public, open-source blockchains to which they belong in favor of private ledger systems. But Cognizant's study reveals that attitudes may be shifting. Eighty-six percent of survey respondents said they believe that public blockchains will gain greater prominence over the next five years, whereas only 80% said they believe the same about private blockchains. This isn't a massive discrepancy, but given that the respondents were 1,520 executives from 578 financial services firms, it is more significant than it appears. [Bankers from JPMorgan Chase, Citi, and other institutions will discuss their distributed ledger projects at American Banker’s Blockchains + Digital Currencies conference in New York next week. Register here.] And the shift in opinion may reflect more than simply greater awareness or understanding of public blockchains such as bitcoin and Ethereum. It could also reflect dramatic changes in the facts on the ground. The total market for cryptocurrencies and blockchain tokens has exploded in recent months, surpassing $100 billion in value—more than five times its value at the beginning of 2017. Bitcoin, the most popular cryptocurrency, spent much of 2015 and 2016 in the doldrums, leading many corporate leaders to count it out even while embracing its underlying technology. Yet bitcoin has recently surged to new all-time highs, increasing from about from about $1,000 in January to more than $2,900 in June. Even while shattering previous records, however, bitcoin's share of the overall cryptocurrency market has fallen, as competing systems have begun to capture the attention of technologists, investors and speculators alike. Bitcoin is also facing what may be its greatest test yet, with a technical debate over how to scale the network threatening to split the currency into two competing versions this summer. Most finance executives now think that blockchain technology—whether public or private—will be crucial to the financial industry's future. Ninety-one percent of executives in Cognizant's survey said it will be "either critical or important to their firm's future." Nearly half of respondents think it will "fundamentally transform" their industry. And yet daunting challenges remain. Among those the report names are privacy and scalability—concerns mentioned by 69% of respondents—and the significant culture shift that blockchain technology may require as financial firms learn to collaborate with partners. More than half of respondents said that having to work with partners in a wider blockchain ecosystem was one of the biggest obstacles to their adoption of the technology. In part because of these challenges, many firms seem content merely to learn about blockchains and experiment internally with proofs of concept, according to the authors of Cognizant's study. Indeed, a survey conducted earlier this year on behalf of New York consulting firm Synechron found that about 25% of senior executives in financial services and information technology were waiting for regulatory guidance before launching blockchain projects. But the study's authors are unequivocal in condemning this approach. "Waiting for clarity before moving forward is not a viable option," they write. Instead, they urge companies to look beyond immediate uses for the technology and commit to integrating it into their businesses in order to reap strategic, long-term benefits. They recommend adopting an aphorism used in the pre-internet age by Sun Microsystems: "The network is the computer." After dallying in the proof-of-concept stage, some financial institutions have come to believe that 2017 is a make-or-break year for blockchain technology. It may turn out to be a make-or-break year for some institutions as well. As blockchain innovation roars ahead, companies that "linger in the experimentation phase," Cognizant's study argues, will be left behind. Article The mortgage search goes digital Search habits and online lenders are forcing loan officers to step up their digital game to compete. Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Mortgages May 19 Brian Patrick Eha Brian Patrick Eha is a technology reporter for American Banker and the author of How Money Got Free: Bitcoin and the Fight for the Future of Finance. More from this Author Why Citi puts a premium on mobile users' satisfaction This is how financial services chatbots are going to evolve BBVA and B of A move to make data sharing safer, less painful Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Strong banks lift US stocks ahead of Comey hearing Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Strong banks lift US stocks ahead of Comey hearing close breaking news Advertisement Business Strong banks lift US stocks ahead of Comey hearing Mark Hunter (centre), president and CEO of Molson Coors, stands with Peter Coors (left) Vice-Chairman of the Board, Molson Coors Brewing Company, after ringing the Opening Bell at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on Jun 7, 2017. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images/AFP) 08 Jun 2017 04:49AM (Updated: 08 Jun 2017 04:50AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail NEW YORK: Gains by banking shares offset declines in energy producers on Wednesday (Jun 7) as Wall Street stocks advanced ahead of the British general election and congressional testimony from former FBI chief James Comey. US stocks shook off two days of losses, propelled by large US banks after European officials announced the sale of Spain's Banco Popular to compatriot Banco Santander to avert a looming failure. The move, seen as lessening systemic risk in global banking, boosted large banks in Europe and the United States. Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase all won more than one percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 37.46 points (0.18 per cent) to close at 21,173.69. The broad-based S&P 500 also gained 3.81 points (0.16 per cent) to end the session at 2,433.14, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 22.32 points (0.36 per cent) to 6,297.38. Advertisement Advertisement US stocks have avoided major swings this week ahead of a news-jammed on Thursday that includes a European Central Bank meeting and the British general election, in addition to Comey's appearance before a congressional panel. In his testimony released on Wednesday afternoon, Comey said US President Donald Trump urged him to drop a probe into former national security advisor Michael Flynn and his contacts with Russia, confirming news reports. US stocks did not react to the testimony, which also communicated the fired FBI chief's profound discomfort with Trump's behavior. "People are waiting to see the question and answer," said FTN Financial chief economist Chris Low. "One of the big questions is whether Republican Senators are going to bother to keep Trump out of trouble." Petroleum-linked shares were sharply lower after a bearish US inventory report prompted a more than five per cent drop in US oil prices. Devon Energy slumped 5.8 per cent, ConocoPhillips fell 2.1 per cent and Schlumberger declined 1.9 per cent. sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget Source: AFP/de Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Strong banks lift US stocks ahead of Comey hearing Comey (above) is due to appear before a congressional panel.PHOTO: AFP PublishedJun 8, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LF5 Copy NEW YORK (AFP) - Gains by banking shares offset declines in energy producers on Wednesday (June 7) as Wall Street stocks advanced ahead of the British general election and congressional testimony from former FBI chief James Comey. US stocks shook off two days of losses, propelled by large US banks after European officials announced the sale of Spain's Banco Popular to compatriot Banco Santander to avert a looming failure. The move, seen as lessening systemic risk in global banking, boosted large banks in Europe and the United States. Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase all won more than one percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.2 per cent to close at 21,173.69. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up The broad-based S&P 500 also gained 0.2 per cent to end the session at 2,433.14, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 0.4 per cent to 6,297.38. US stocks have avoided major swings this week ahead of a news-jammed Thursday that includes a European Central Bank meeting and the British general election, in addition to Comey's appearance before a congressional panel.   42441509_-_03_05_2017_-_usa-fbi_.jpg Related Story Ex-FBI chief Comey says Trump pressured him on Russia probe In his testimony released Wednesday afternoon, Comey said US President Donald Trump urged him to drop a probe into former national security advisor Michael Flynn and his contacts with Russia, confirming news reports. US stocks did not react to the testimony, which also communicated the fired FBI chief's profound discomfort with Trump's behaviour. "People are waiting to see the question and answer," said FTN Financial chief economist Chris Low. "One of the big questions is whether Republican Senators are going to bother to keep Trump out of trouble." Petroleum-linked shares were sharply lower after a bearish US inventory report prompted a more than 5 per cent drop in US oil prices. Devon Energy slumped 5.8 per cent, ConocoPhillips fell 2.1 per cent and Schlumberger declined 1.9 per cent. Topics:  STOCKS AND SHARES DOW JONES NASDAQ More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LF5 Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew vitagen_a126212_2017jun05_300x200_st_native.jpg IBS: What you need to know and how to seek help eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
null
null
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Thu, Jun 08 2017. 01 31 AM IST Home builders switch to equity funding in RERA regime Tough RERA deadlines have made builders seek long-term equity tie-ups with private equity firms Subscribe to our newsletter. Bidya Sapam Property advisors also agreed that equity capital has been coming in the form of platform-level deals, where PE funds and builders partner to invest in multiple projects. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint Mumbai: Top residential developers bracing for a new regulatory regime are scouting for long-term equity capital to finance their projects from the stage of buying land although private equity (PE) funds themselves prefer structured debt.  Mumbai luxury home builders Kanakia Spaces Realty Pvt. Ltd and Wadhwa Group are among companies in talks with firms, including Piramal Finance Ltd, to jointly buy land, two people aware of the development said. According to property advisers and developers, tough deadlines under the Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act (RERA) have prompted builders to seek long-term equity partnerships with PE firms to reduce risks, focus on execution and avoid refinancing loans mid-way through the project cycle, rather than settle for structured debt providers seeking short-term profits. Kanakia Spaces is in talks with several PE firms for joint land deals of Rs1,000-1,500 crore, said a person involved in the development. “Pure equity partnership is something the company has not explored substantially in the past. Now, there is a renewed interest among PE funds as well with improving regulatory reforms,” the person said. Kanakia did not respond to an email query sent on Saturday. Similarly, Wadhwa Group is seeking equity partners for buying land, a second person aware of the development said. The builder is also in separate talks with Piramal for a possible partnership for its ongoing 14-acre project ‘Atmosphere’ at Mulund in Mumbai, the person said, asking not to be identified. “Piramal may pick up some stake in the project,” the person said, adding the deal size could be around Rs200 crore. A Wadhwa spokesperson declined to comment. Pune-based Kolte Patil Ltd, which has partnered with firms like Portman Holdings LLC and JP Morgan Chase & Co. in the past, is looking for more equity partners in its ongoing large projects including the 400-acre ‘Life Republic’ township, group president Gopal Sarda said. Located in Pune, Life Republic is currently being developed under a partnership with ICICI Venture Funds Management Company. “We are keen to get some plain vanilla equity money but at the right valuation and right price. We are in talks with a couple of private equity players to raise funds for our next level of growth particularly for our affordable and other projects in Mumbai and Bengaluru,” Sarda said. According to Khushru Jijina, managing director, Piramal Finance, RERA will raise the need for equity capital with longer tenure as developers’ requirement for funds in a regulated world will only increase. “Land prices have also rationalised to a certain extent; so, there are opportunities available in the market today for investing at the land acquisition stage with a capable development partner and earning superior risk adjusted returns over the development life cycle,” Jijina said. Piramal Finance recently created a $250-million equity platform with Ivanhoe Cambridge, a real estate subsidiary of Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (CDPQ), Canada’s second largest pension fund. Jijina said the company had started analysing opportunities for the new platform but declined to comment on any specific deal including discussions with Wadhwa and Kanakia, saying any proposal prior to board approval and disclosure to the stock exchanges will be speculative.  Some equity investors said they would remain cautious and provide equity only to top developers in each micro market. “Demand for equity capital is far more than what is available in the market. As implementation of the regulation came closer, builders are realising that land should not be purchased from debt because it is a vicious circle. It leads to a debt trap and erosion of margin in the projects,” said Amit Bhagat, chief executive officer and managing director, ASK Property Investment Advisors Ltd, a Mumbai-based PE firm. Xander Finance Ltd and Motilal Oswal Real Estate Fund too remain cautious, citing lack of credibility of many builders and project delays.  “Demand for equity is high because sales are slow and most developers are already highly leveraged. And with RERA coming in, all developers need a correction in their capital structure,” said Xander Merani, chief executive officer, Xander Finance Ltd, a global private equity firm.  Property advisors also agreed that equity capital has been coming in the form of platform-level deals, where PE funds and builders partner to invest in multiple projects. However, these transactions are restricted to only large and branded developers.  “In 2012-13-14, no one was willing to touch real estate as equity, but now at least there is around $1 billion as equity on the back of reforms and the fact that there will be consolidation in this industry,” said Diwakar Rana, managing director, capital markets, Cushman and Wakefield, a global property consultant. Bidya Sapam Topics: Real estate RERA real estate development equity funding PE funds More From Livemint READ MORE Arun Jaitley seeks support from MPs, MLAs to create GST awareness Hyderabad to Pochampally: The Ikat getaway Gorkha Janmukti Morcha protests engulf Darjeeling, police attacked, cars vandalized First Published: Thu, Jun 08 2017. 01 31 AM IST Editor's Picks Infosys drops $20 billion revenue target, forms advisory panel for CEO Vishal Sikka Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News Gorkha Janmukti Morcha protests engulf Darjeeling, police attacked, cars vandalized Maruti Manesar violence case: Haryana govt to challenge acquittal of 117 former workers JEE Advanced result 2017 to be declared on Sunday 11 June at jeeadv.ac.in NEET 2017 results likely to be declared by CBSE after 13 June Madhya Pradesh farmers’ stir: Govt ready for talks, says Shivraj Singh Chouhan Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe An Unusually Packed Thursday Will Test Markets by Ye Xie @xieyebloomberg More stories by Ye Xie and Anchalee Worrachate @worrachate More stories by Anchalee Worrachate June 7, 2017, 1:55 PM EDT ECB decision, U.K. election and Comey testimony headline day Markets showing few signs of bother amid rising tension BlackRock Says Equities Rally Has Further to Run Call it the Teflon market. The world’s on edge over everything from rising tension in the Middle East to an uncertain U.K. election to the turmoil surrounding the Trump administration. Yet financial markets chug along as if nothing’s amiss -- global stocks are churning just 0.4 percent below all-time highs, while volatility in equities, bonds and currencies remains dormant and money continues to pour into riskier developing nations. It’s a pattern that’s held for the better part of the year, with the odd bout of angst thrown in. Investors have discounted geopolitical risks as idiosyncratic and focused instead on a global economy that’s powering higher amid persistently low inflation. With central banks assuring they’ll remove years of stimulus only gradually, risk tolerance remains robust. “While you may get little spikes in risk aversion at times, markets are looking through them, as long as the underlying fundamentals remain supportive,” said Peter Kinsella, a senior currency and rates strategist at Commonwealth Bank of Australia from London. Then there’s Thursday. The European Central Bank’s rate decision will unveil officials’ views on inflation and how long they’ll leave the monetary spigot flowing. Former FBI Director James Comey testifies to a Senate committee on his interactions with President Donald Trump. And the day ends with the outcome of a U.K. election that polls show tightening into the vote. “Investors are mindful of the event risks, but the liquidity trade is by far the most important and most dominant factor,” said Mark Nash, head of global bonds at Old Mutual Global Investors in London. “It makes the market very forgiving.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Look no further than the economy for a reason why. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development on Wednesday raised its forecast for global growth this year to 3.5 percent from 3.3 percent as of March. Historically, it’s generally taken prolonged economic contraction to end a bull market, and JPMorgan Chase & Co. notes that no rally has peaked longer than a year before a recession has started. “We have this kind of Goldilocks world continuing where no one sees any dramatic threats to growth on the horizon,” said Rupert Harrison, chief macro strategist at BlackRock in London on Bloomberg Television. “This is still a very unloved rally in terms of the equity markets. We still think it has some further to go.” Harrison says stocks rally has further to run. Source: Bloomberg The ECB is least likely to disrupt the calm Thursday, with the central bank preparing to cut its inflation outlook at the policy meeting, boosting the prospect stimulus will remain in place longer, Bloomberg reported. In the U.S., investors have long anticipated the Federal Reserve will tighten at its meeting next week -- though the pace from there remains glacial, according to the Fed fund futures. While the latest diplomatic spat among Qatar and its Arab neighbors exacerbated geopolitical concerns, market risks from such events have been fleeting in recent years, including Russia’s annexation of Crimea and the U.K.’s vote to exit the European Union. Jens Nystedt, a senior portfolio manager at Morgan Stanley Investment Management, examined major political events since World War II and found that any initial selloff only proved to be buying opportunities. Comey’s testimony could see the market add to rising speculation the Trump administration won’t be able to push through tax and regulatory overhauls aimed at boosting growth -- though the so-called Trump trade expired weeks ago. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s gauges of high-tax stocks, for instance, have been underperforming low-tax companies, suggesting little expectations for reform in that area. The market cares about politics that have an impact on the economy. That’s not likely on Thursday, said CBA’s Kinsella. “Investors can see that political risks rarely result in market negative outcomes over the longer term,” he said. To be sure, the market itself has flashed signs of caution, especially when it comes to U.S. equity valuations. The Shiller Cyclical Adjusted P/E ratio reached the most expensive level since the dot-com bubble, while the credit market has shown hints of stress as household borrowings surged to a record $12.7 trillion. Billionaire investor Bill Gross warned Wednesday that U.S. markets are at their highest risk levels since before the 2008 financial crisis because of the lofty valuation. “Instead of buying low and selling high, you’re buying high and crossing your fingers,” Gross, manager of the $2 billion Janus Henderson Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, said at the Bloomberg Invest New York summit. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
null
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Sponsored Content Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 The Future of Higher Education General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes Icon Honors NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Health Care Power 75 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Banking, Finance & AccountingReal Estate Barclays Capital completes $69M purchase in Whippany By Mario Marroquin, June 7, 2017 at 1:56 PM The Crossings at Jefferson Park, 115 S. Jefferson Road, Whippany. - (VISION REAL ESTATE PARTNERS/RUBENSTEIN PARTNERS) Commercial real estate firms Vision Real Estate Partners and Rubenstein Partners recently announced the sale of The Crossings at Jefferson Park in Whippany to Barclays Capital. The firms acquired the 65-acre site in 2013 and completed the sale after a multimillion-dollar revitalization and rebranding of the campus. “Within the suburban New Jersey office market, there are certain well-located properties that have great potential to be remade into second-generation Class A assets,” Stephen Card, principal and Mid-Atlantic regional director for Rubenstein Partners, said. “We recognized The Crossings is a great example of a property that could be modernized through strategic investment into improvements. We are incredibly proud of the outcome and our ability to attract a global organization like Barclays Capital.” Located at 115 S. Jefferson Road, Whippany, The Crossings at Jefferson Park totals 525,000 square feet of Class A office space across three buildings. The campus is also home to JP Morgan Chase and Lord Abbett. The sale to Barclays Capital also included an 11,000-square-foot amenity building named “The Powerhouse,” which is home to gourmet food services with indoor and open-air seating and a 2,300-square-foot health and wellness center. “From the outset, we recognized the outstanding potential of this property,” Sam Morreale, founder and managing partner of Vision Real Estate Partners, said. “We purchased The Crossings for a smart price and invested significant capital in creating an environment that would attract today’s most discerning office space users. The fact that an existing tenant — particularly such a prominent tenant as Barclays Capital — approached us with the desire to become owner/occupier provides the greatest testament to what we have accomplished.” JLL’s Tom Walsh and Joe Garibaldi represented Vision and Rubenstein in the sale. Dan Loughlan and Schott Lesh of JLL represented Barclays Capital. Rubenstein Partners and Vision Real Estate have continued their partnership outside The Crossings. In 2016, the firms acquired the Warren Corporate Center, a five-building, 176-acre campus with 820,000 square feet adjacent to an Interstate 78 exchange in Warren. The firms said an amenity focused-repositioning similar to that in The Crossing is underway at their joint-venture in Warren. You May Have Missed... Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Mario Marroquin Follow @mars3vega Mario Marroquin covers real estate. A native of El Salvador, Mario is bilingual in English and Spanish. He graduated from Penn State University and worked in Pennsylvania before moving to New Jersey. His email is mariom@njbiz.com. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Privacy matters: Englewood renovates cardiopulmonary wing's rooms Experts talk retail at NAIOP NJ chapter meeting Wells Fargo changes Business Banking structure; N.J. now part of independent Northeast region Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Paramount Realty has big plans for Freedom Pointe, at former Fort Monmouth 2 Private companies wanted for $20B Gateway Project 3 Wells Fargo changes Business Banking structure; N.J. now part of independent Northeast region 4 NKF Capital to continue marketing Mack-Cali properties in Hamilton 5 Braeburn Pharma names new CEO 1 New leadership for RWJUH hospitals in New Brunswick, Somerset (1) Featured News Uber, MetLife Stadium announce partnership, will establish dedicated pick-up zone At NRBP forum, execs and officials talk about the human side of development 21 companies from N.J. make this year's Fortune 500 list Barclays Capital completes $69M purchase in Whippany JCP&L completes $124M Monmouth transmission line project Startup, with Horizon as an investor, is making behavioral health inroads in N.J. and beyond NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
null
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Analysis: US Steel's Investment Needs Are 'Grossly Misunderstood' Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 07, 2017 10:48am   Comments Share: Related X 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Dan Nathan Sees Unusual Options Activity In United States Steel SHAREHOLDER REMINDER:Â Kessler Topaz Meltzer & Check, LLP Announces Deadline in Class ... (GuruFocus) After a strong finish to 2016, United States Steel Corporation (NYSE: X) has been one of the worst stocks in the market this year, plummeting 36.7 percent year-to-date. A large part of the weakness in U.S. Steel shares may be due to investors misunderstanding the company’s investment needs, JPMorgan analyst Michael Gambardella says. Gambardella recently spoke with new U.S. Steel CEO Dave Burritt about shareholder concern that the company isn't investing in updating its assets. U.S. Steel’s major problem maybe with communication rather than performance. U.S. Steel hasn't been underinvesting in its facilities, Gambardella says (check his track record here). “The company has been expensing many items that competitors have been capitalizing,” he wrote. “The result is that X appears to be underinvesting while also having higher expenses and lower EBITDA margins versus its competitors.” Related Link: Steel Analyst Says The Market's Become Too Bearish On China, Upgrades Entire Sector  Burritt says U.S. steel recently switched its accounting methodology to be more in-line with peers, a change that Gambardella estimates will add $175 million to the company’s EBITDA in 2017. In addition, Gambardella expects the company will make communicating this change a priority on its next earnings call so shareholders better understand what’s going on. In the meantime, U.S. Steel should continue to benefit from the Trump administration’s reduction of import supplies in the near-term and infrastructure investment in the long-term. If the administration chooses to implement steel quotas to prevent foreign companies from circumventing trade laws, it would further boost domestic steel demand. JPMorgan has an Overweight rating for U.S. Steel and a $46 price target for the stock. Latest Ratings for X Date Firm Action From To May 2017 Credit Suisse Upgrades Neutral Outperform May 2017 Cowen & Co. Downgrades Outperform Market Perform Apr 2017 Macquarie Downgrades Neutral Underperform View More Analyst Ratings for X View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: JPMorgan Michael GambardellaAnalyst Color Long Ideas Top Stories Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (X) 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Dan Nathan Sees Unusual Options Activity In United States Steel Watch These 10 Huge Call Purchases In Thursday Trade Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 24 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Wednesday Steel Analyst Says The Market's Become Too Bearish On China, Upgrades Entire Sector View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on X Trending Recent 1 MIK, FRAN: 22 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 PLAY, THO: 10 Stocks To Watch For June 6, 2017 3 PLAY, CARA: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 ANGI, WBMD: Analyst: WebMD Buyout Not Aligned With IAC... 5 AAPL, GOOGL: Even If Apple's New Produc... 6 AGIO, EPZM: Notes From ASCO 2017:... 7 S, P: Michael Pachter S... 1 LULU: Lululemon Has Room For Valuation, Earnings Upside This Year 2 CALA: Calithera Biosciences Sharply Higher After FDA Fast Track Designation 3 GPRO, AMBA: Expect Ambarella To Pay Near-Term Costs For Long-Term Goals 4 CGG, AMBA: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Higher; Brown... 5 M, CASY: 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Wednesday 6 AMBA: Ambarella Sharply Lower After Lower Sales... 7 KO, COT: Sugar Taxes To Trade Agreements: Go... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Dave & Buster's Makes New All-Time High After Q1 Beat
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Will the Federal Reserve Raise Interest Rates Next Week? One estimate puts the probability of a rate hike at 96%. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Jun 7, 2017 at 10:26AM The Federal Reserve has a decision to make next week. It must decide whether now is a good time to increase interest rates, the Fed funds rate in particular, which could help to staunch recent bleeding in bank stocks. The Fed funds rate is the interest rate at which banks lend excess reserves stored at the central bank to each other. A higher rate, means they make more money doing so. Even more importantly, because the Fed funds rate is the key short-term interest rate benchmark in the United States, all other rates are likely to respond in kind, pushing up loan yields and thereby filling banks' coffers with extra net interest income. US Target Federal Funds Rate data by YCharts. At Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), if the Fed funds rate increases by 100 basis points and long-term rates follow suit, the Charlotte, North Carolina-based bank expects to earn an additional $3.3 billion in net interest income over the following 12 months. The same figure for JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), the nation's biggest bank by assets, is $2.3 billion. This obviously would make a big difference for banks, including Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase, which have struggled since the financial crisis to earn the types of returns investors expect from banks their size. Higher rates could fix this. But this begs the question: Is the Fed actually likely to raise interest rates at its upcoming meeting next week? Investors seem to believe that it will, as you can see from the CME Group's FedWatch Tool, which gauges expectations around monetary policy. Currently, CME estimates a 96% probability that rates will rise by 25 basis points. Image source: CME Group. Those are pretty good odds. And if this happens, it will undoubtedly be welcome news for banks. Yet, it's important to appreciate that interest rates don't exist in a vacuum. While higher rates would be good for Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase, there are additional factors that could offset any positive impact on their stock prices. These include gridlock on Capitol Hill and a White House under investigation into links between the president's inner circle and Russian officials. As tax reform, healthcare reform, and infrastructure investments have all stalled in Congress, bank stocks have begun to give back some of their post-election gains. The question investors need to consider now is whether or not higher rates, assuming they do in fact materialize next week, will more than offset these bearish influences. I'm skeptical that they will, and therefore think that prospective investors in bank stocks have more to gain than to lose by waiting on the sidelines before buying anything right now. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Jun 7, 2017 at 10:26AM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.93 up $0.34 (1.48%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $85.02 up $1.11 (1.32%) Read More A Very Interesting Chart About Bank Stocks After Today, Bank of America Stock Could Soon Be a Buy Again Bank of America Wants to Buy Back a Lot of Stock Bank Stocks Are Over the Trump Bump Bank of America Stock: These 2 Charts Are Good News for Shareholders Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Will the Federal Reserve Raise Interest Rates Next Week? @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $JPM
JP Morgan calls for tougher CCP safeguarding | Global Custodian
 ABOUT US CONTACT US MAGAZINE NEWSLETTERS LOG-IN Home News Custody Securities finance Fund Administration Market Infrastructure Technology People Moves Regions Americas Asia Europe Middle-East and Africa FinTechQ Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends Research Reports LOG-IN MENU News Custody Securities finance Fund Administration Market Infrastructure Technology People Moves Regions Prime Brokerage Regulation MTF/Exchanges Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends Thought Leadership ABOUT US About Us Contact Us Subscription Services Media Kit FinTechQ Media Pack Reprints & Permissions Cookie Policy Warning: JavaScript is disabled in your browser. please note that you must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the full functionality of this website. Home  >   News  >   Market Infrastructure  >   JP Morgan calls for tougher CCP safeguarding MARKET INFRASTRUCTURE JP Morgan calls for tougher CCP safeguarding Bank says CCPs represent huge risk for market participants. By Joe Parsons joe.parsons@strategic-i.com June 07, 2017 2:15 PM GMT Regulators are no closer to providing guidance over safeguarding the risks posed by clearing houses and limiting losses to clients, according to panellists at London’s FIA IDX conference. Marnie Rosenberg, global head of clearinghouse risk at JP Morgan, told delegates that central counterparties (CCPs) face the same risks as any other investment firm, including litigation risks, cyber-attacks, and investment losses, and regulators need to identify this. “What is surprising is that they [CCP] are treated differently to basic financial structures. Regulators need to do a lot more work over the next two years to think about what is the most appropriate amount of capital they should hold to cover potential losses,” said Rosenberg. Rosenberg highlighted that JP Morgan’s largest exposures are with CCPs, and current capital levels held at CCPs are not enough to cover losses from defaulting members and other risks. “These are critical infrastructures to us, and our trade exposures are driving it. We want to make sure there is sufficient resources put into this area,” she added. JP Morgan has been a long-time critic of current CCP procedures, arguing that a potential conflict of interest exists between subsidising listed companies and maximising shareholder profits. Rosenberg suggested that for the larger clearing houses, such as CME Clearing and LCH, they account for around 40% of the total risk in the market. At the industry-wide level, there are still uncertainties over which types of losses should be covered by the CCP or by its clearing members. Sunil Cutinho, president of CME Clearing, argued that clearing houses should not foot the bill for defaulting central securities depositories (CSDs), which handle the majority of collateral posted to clearing houses. “What we take issue with is when non-default issues are discussed that a CCP has to cover the failure of a CSD. This can result in encumbering assets, and it will impact all the collateral posted by firms. There is an expectation CCPs should take this, but we don’t make custodial decisions, and this is where we take exception,” said Cutinho. Tagged: JP Morgan , CCP, IDX 2017, CME Clearing related articles most popular most e-mailed FROM GLOBALCUSTODIAN.COM Market Infrastructure JP Morgan calls for tougher CCP safeguarding Market Infrastructure ESMA chief vows no more MiFID II delays Market Infrastructure Relocating euro clearing “expensive and disruptive” says derivatives body Market Infrastructure DTCC outlines middle-office and post-trade revamp Market Infrastructure ESMA lays out relocation guidelines for UK-based banks Market Infrastructure BNY Mellon strengthens repo hold with new subsidiary FROM THE GC TV Tim Gokey on industry transformation FROM GLOBALCUSTODIAN.COM Features Too Big to Ignore: Are asset managers becoming banks? Custody GC legends interview: HSBC's Cian Burke Market Infrastructure DTCC outlines middle-office and post-trade revamp People Moves Former Northern Trust APAC head looks set for BNY Mellon Market Infrastructure Threat of costs spikes and custodian exits hang over London as election looms Market Infrastructure BNY Mellon strengthens repo hold with new subsidiary FROM THE GC TV Tim Gokey on industry transformation FROM GLOBALCUSTODIAN.COM Custody GC legends interview: HSBC's Cian Burke Market Infrastructure BNY Mellon strengthens repo hold with new subsidiary People Moves HSBC taps Deutsche Bank for corporate trust business head Technology State Street and DTCC join blockchain alliance FROM THE GC TV Tim Gokey on industry transformation Get GLOBAL CUSTODIAN Email Alerts Trending Most Read Most E-mailed FeaturesToo Big to Ignore: Are asset managers becoming banks? CustodyGC legends interview: HSBC's Cian Burke People MovesFormer Northern Trust APAC head looks set for BNY Mellon Market InfrastructureThreat of costs spikes and custodian exits hang over London as election looms Market InfrastructureBNY Mellon strengthens repo hold with new subsidiary CustodyTop 10 trends for 2016 People MovesBNY Mellon appoints industry veteran to CIO role CustodyGC legends interview: HSBC's Cian Burke Market InfrastructureBNY Mellon strengthens repo hold with new subsidiary People MovesHSBC taps Deutsche Bank for corporate trust business head TechnologyState Street and DTCC join blockchain alliance Upcoming Events MORE EVENTS > The Future of Post-TradeMay 22, 2017 / BT Auditorium, 81 Newgate Street, London, EC1A 7AJ With central clearing of derivatives becoming widely accepted, and the enforcement of collateral rules taking shape, market participants will have to significantly change their models to adapt. Join us for this half-day event in which we discuss the main issues hitting post-trade workflows, how derivatives users will be affected by regulation, and new innovations in technology and outsourcing. MOST WATCHED INTERVIEW MORE INTERVIEWS > Tim Gokey on industry transformation Global Custodian talks to Broadridge COO Tim Gokey about how technology and business models are enabling change.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Sponsored Content GLOBAL CUSTODIAN News Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends Newsletters Breaking News Alerts ABOUT GLOBAL CUSTODIAN About Us Contact Us Subscription Services Media Kit FinTechQ Media Pack Reprints & Permissions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ADVERTISE WITH GLOBAL CUSTODIAN GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT Latest Issue Spring get access to Global Custodian everywhere GLOBALCUSTODIAN.com is optimized for Subscribe to the print edition Looking for Subscriber Services? GET FULL ACCESS WEB ACCESS GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT GLOBAL CUSTODIAN News Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends ABOUT US About Us Contact Us Subscription Services Media Kit FinTechQ Media Pack Reprints & Permissions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT BrightScope CIO FWW Global Custodian Investor Economics LiquidMetrix Market Metrics Matrix Solutions PLANADVISER Plan For Life PLANSPONSOR Simfund The Trade Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations.
MPW Search Search On LeadingThis Is How Occidental Petroleum’s CEO Led Through a Crisis Donald TrumpPresident Trump’s Aides Are Urging Him Not to Fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions Comey testimonyWhat to Expect From James Comey’s Testimony UberUber’s Biggest Rival in India Says the Company Is ‘Despicable’ Most Powerful Women IBM Is Partnering With More Community Colleges to Train Tech Workers Claire Zillman Jun 07, 2017 IBM announced Wednesday that it is expanding its partnerships with community colleges in an effort to train more workers for what the company describes as "new collar jobs"—skilled positions in fast growing tech fields that don't necessarily require a traditional four-year degree. IBM chairman, president, and CEO Ginni Rometty announced the news at a Business Roundtable panel on addressing the skills gap in Washington, D.C., Wednesday morning alongside assistant to the president Reed Cordish, Sen. Tim Scott (R-S.C.), Sen. Michael Bennet (D-Colo.), and J.P. Morgan Chase chairman and CEO Jaime Dimon. IBM plans to work with community colleges located near some of its major U.S. facilities to develop relevant curricula and offer local students internships and apprenticeships at the nearby IBM hubs. In a release announcing the news, the company identified Columbia, Mo.; Rocket Center, W.V.; Dubuque, Iowa; Boulder, Colo.; Poughkeepsie, N.Y.; Raleigh, N.C.; and Austin and Dallas in Texas as communities it will target through the program, which IBM says will reach more than a dozen schools in the next six months. The company says the initiative will "expand technology career opportunities in areas that traditionally have been underserved by high-tech employers." Subscribe to The World’s Most Powerful Women, Fortune’s daily must-read for global businesswomen. As an example of the initiative's offerings, IBM pointed to a five-week course it launched this month for incoming IBM interns from Northeast Iowa Community College in Dubuque, Iowa. The course will introduce participants to operating system platforms, virtualization, coding, and IT trouble shooting. The company says its work at the community college level will contribute to its talent pipeline while making the IT industry more inclusive by reaching a more "diverse set of candidates." P rofessionals without traditional degrees made up 15% of the company's U.S. hiring last year, Sam Ladah, IBM’s vice president of talent, said in a statement. The new community college push adds to the existing academic training partnerships IBM has with more than 70 higher-ed institutions in the U.S. IBM has also worked to train students at the secondary level through its P-Tech schools that offer a somewhat radical six-year program that blends the traditional four-year high school experience with two years of college—enough to earn an associates degree. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
null
null
null
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Sponsor Gold Hits $700 by 2018? Here’s Where to Stash Your Cash Instead Home | Investing and Analysis Tags: Venezuelan | Bonds | Niche | ETFs The Risks and Dangers of Venezuelan Bonds and Niche ETFs (DreamsTime) By Matt Levine, Bloomberg View   |   Wednesday, 07 Jun 2017 08:17 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Venezuela. The controversy over Goldman Sachs Asset Management's purchase of Venezuelan government bonds (really Petroleos de Venezuela SA bonds) from Venezuela's government (really from a small broker acting on behalf of Venezuela's central bank) has gone on longer than Goldman probably expected, given that Goldman apparently didn't think about it at all: Internally, the purchase didn’t receive heightened scrutiny. The two co-heads of the unit, GSAM, were informed only after the trade had been completed, the people said. The trade didn’t reach Goldman’s firmwide standards committee, which often vets deals that carry potential blowback, they added. An ensuing uproar over that trade, which critics say extends a financial lifeline to Venezuela’s embattled government, caught top executives at Goldman off guard. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.'s "compliance and legal staff are reviewing the purchase" to see "how the process can be improved," but you can see how they missed this. It's controversial for Goldman to buy controversial stuff; but GSAM isn't quite Goldman. It manages money on behalf of customers; it bought the bonds with their money, not shareholder money. Its decisions aren't, in some sense, made on behalf of Goldman Sachs; they're made on behalf of GSAM's customers. Of course those decisions are made by Goldman employees in Goldman offices, not by the customers, but still, there is some deniability there. (Disclosure: I used to work at Goldman.) There is deniability for the customers too: Sure they own and benefit from the Venezuelan bonds, but they didn't decide to buy them; Goldman did. Somehow Venezuelan bonds are owned without anyone fully taking the responsibility of owning them. Elsewhere in deniability, Ricardo Hausmann wrote last month about the moral taint of buying Venezuela's "Hunger Bonds." His argument is not quite that people shouldn't buy Venezuelan bonds. That would be too radical: Emerging-market bond funds almost have to invest in Venezuelan bonds. "The returns of the JP Morgan Emerging Market Bond Index (EMBI+) are heavily influenced by what happens in Venezuela," because Venezuela's bonds make up a lot of the yield and the price volatility of the index. Emerging-markets managers can't just walk away from Venezuela; they "currently spend a disproportionate share of their time 'getting the Venezuelan call right,' because their bonuses are based on their over-performance relative to the index – of which Venezuela is the main driver." And investors can't just walk away from emerging-markets bond funds: Clearly, this would punish other countries that are innocent bystanders in the Venezuelan mess. There must be a better way. There is. The solution is to demand that JPMorgan immediately exclude Venezuela from the emerging market bond indexes it calculates, thereby freeing fund managers from the need to compare their performance with hunger bonds. Over time, JPMorgan should introduce a Decent Emerging Markets index, which would save you from moral anguish by ensuring that only countries adhering to minimal standards of respect for their citizens are included. The assumption here is that investment managers, and individual investors, cannot be expected to make moral decisions about investing for themselves, not when an index lurks in the background. (Others disagree; here is a story about Venezuelan investors who wrestle with the moral issues of owning Venezuelan government bonds.) Morality, on this theory, is a matter for index providers to judge. Investors -- index funds, yes, but also active funds that benchmark to an index -- are bound to follow the index, so if anyone is going to make a moral decision about what bonds to avoid, it is the index provider. I am not sure the index providers would agree! JPMorgan is not in the business of saving you from moral anguish. An index is just a list. Venezuela is an emerging market. It has bonds. Its bonds are emerging-markets bonds. If you are writing a list of emerging-markets bonds, you could quite sensibly put Venezuelan bonds on that list. What is the problem? But one thing that we talk about a lot around here is the human construction of investment indexes. The central idea of indexing, of passive investing, is that you own the entire universe of assets rather than making choices about what to buy. But in practice it's never that simple. Most actual indexes aren't really "the entire universe of assets"; they're a particular subset of that universe, U.S. large-cap stocks or emerging-market bonds or whatever. And even within that subset, the membership criteria have to be defined by a human, with some room for judgment calls. And increasingly judgments by index constructors are overtaking judgments by investors in importance: If investors give up their agency to index providers -- if the index providers are the only people actually making decisions about governance or profitability or morality -- then the index providers had better make good decisions.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. Matt Levine is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was an editor of Dealbreaker, an investment banker at Goldman Sachs, a mergers and acquisitions lawyer at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and a clerk for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share InvestingAnalysis The controversy over Goldman Sachs Asset Management's purchase of Venezuelan government bonds has gone on longer than Goldman probably expected, given that Goldman apparently didn't think about it at all. Venezuelan, Bonds, Niche, ETFs 856 Wednesday, 07 Jun 2017 08:17 AM 2017-17-07 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: Trump Is Right to Withdraw From Climate Deal Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 143 comments This is right for us. We shouldn't have to be part of an agreement that is... CNBC's Ron Insana: Jobs Report Could Be Start of 'Worrying Trend' Friday, 02 Jun 2017 | 31 comments Believe nothing - absolutely nothing that originates from Ron Insana. He... Analysts: Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 62 comments "Leaving Climate Deal Likely Wouldn't Add US Jobs"....what an absolutely... The World's $100 Trillion Question: Why Is Inflation So Low? Tuesday, 06 Jun 2017 | 19 comments Where's the inflation? Anyone who goes food shopping or shopping for basic... Trump's Twitter Criticism of London Mayor May Harm Relations Monday, 05 Jun 2017 | 14 comments Trump's just telling everybody the hard truths of the real world.Sometimes... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
null
null
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Election 2017 Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport The FA Cup Final Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: Business Anthony Hilton: Weaning ourselves off sugar hit of buybacks will pay in long term Anthony Hilton Wednesday 7 June 2017 12:47 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard Apple is among the tech shares on Wall Street on an astonishing run REUTERS The US stock market tested new highs last week but it didn’t really. A better way of understanding what is going on is that tech stocks, and particularly the big five of Alphabet (Google), Apple, Amazon, Facebook and Netflix, continued their astonishing run. The rest of the market only looked good because it was dragged along in the slipstream.   It is an indication of how the stock market, and by extension the US economy, is being transformed in a way and at a pace which is little short of astonishing. In 2006, the world’s four largest companies by market capitalisation were, in order of size, Exxon, General Electric, Microsoft and Citigroup of the US, with Russia’s Gazprom at number five. Ten years on, the top five are Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, Berkshire Hathaway and Exxon. Similarly with the top 10. Five of the 2006 top 10 were non-American —Gazprom, plus PetroChina, ICBC, Toyota and Royal Dutch Shell. Today’s list has Amazon and Facebook at six and seven and while the last three slots of the top 10 in one version of the list go to Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan and General Electric, in another they go to Johnson & Johnson, and China’s tech giants Tencent and Alibaba.  Thus only two of the world’s top 10 companies of a decade ago, Exxon and Microsoft, are still in the Premier League and most of those companies which have displaced the others barely existed 10 years ago. As an aside, one consequence of this freak performance is to give a reprieve to active fund managers. The genre as a whole continues to be upstaged by passive funds which track the market with or without a bit of deliberate added bias and are attracting massive inflows.  But at least the boom in tech has given the world’s stock-pickers something to get their teeth into. Specialist funds in this sector, up by more than a quarter since the beginning of the year, are feeling rather pleased with themselves, and advertising like mad to suck in more money while they are still hot. But you have to question whether the rest of the US market is such a good place to be in at these prices, particularly when so much of the demand for shares comes from companies buying their own stock rather than from outside investors convinced about their prospects.  The growth in such activity has gone largely unappreciated but it is again phenomenal. In 2009, 60% of earnings of companies in the main US share index, the S&P 500, was spent on dividends and share buybacks. That ratio passed 100% in 2015 and rose to 131% in the first quarter of 2016. It is probably even higher this year. On that basis corporate America is shrinking. Similarly in the UK, the dividend payout ratio has climbed from below 40% in 2011 to over 70% in 2016. An optimist would say that this return of capital to shareholders shows how much money companies are making; a pessimist would say that it is bad news because boards can’t think of anything better to do with the cash. But it surely gives pause for thought that the rate of corporate investment in America is at its lowest level for 60 years, and is declining in virtually every country across the developed world.  Tech companies, of course, need to invest very little to grow their sales compared with the huge capital investments which were needed for traditional businesses like automobiles and as a result they are sitting on mountains of cash. According to Sir Martin Sorrell, quoting McKinsey in the WPP annual report, the cash amount is the equivalent of 10% of GDP.  It cannot be healthy that stock markets are soaring but many companies lack the will or the confidence to invest in their own growth. Nor is it good that chief executives still try to exude confidence in public, but underneath most are deeply anxious. Even if they think their own business is doing well, they live in permanent fear that it will suddenly go horribly wrong.   Partly this is because no one has much confidence in the robustness of the global recovery and the unfinished business of imbalances and debt mountains; partly it is that several of our political leaders seem determined to make things worse; most of all it is the fear that technological innovation will catch them off guard and destroy them before they have a chance to respond. Deluging shareholders with cash and buybacks is displacement activity to deflect attention from these fears.  Shareholders should not be so easily lulled into complacency. Investors love buybacks for the sugar hit it gives the share price but they should lift their eyes and look a bit further ahead. They should read a study led by Dominic Barton, the McKinsey global managing partner, published earlier this year which identified a list of US companies where management has taken a long-term view to show that there is an alternative. The study says that between 2001 and 2014 these long-term thinkers invested almost 50% more in research and development, their revenue grew on average by 47% more than other firms, their earnings grew 36% more and their profit grew 81% more. As a consequence their total shareholder return was significantly higher than the average delivered by the buybacks brigade. This is what we are missing. McKinsey says that had all firms thought similarly long term the US economy would have created five million more jobs over the period, and the cost in forgone GDP over the 10 years was more than $1 trillion. Serious money — but only if you do serious things. More about: Business Shares buybacks Technology Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
null
null
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Opportunity Fund Begins National Expansion Lending to Small Businesses Lending to Increase in California and expand to 12 additional States Opportunity Fund Begins National Expansion Lending to Small Businesses Lending to Increase in California and expand to 12 additional States Posted on June 7, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Opportunity Fund, a leading non-profit small business lender based in California, today announced it has begun to offer loans online to borrowers in 12 new states, in addition to increasing its investments in California’s small businesses. By expanding its partnership with Lending Club, the world’s largest online marketplace connecting borrowers and investors, Opportunity Fund will reach borrowers in these new states online, pursuing a branchless banking model that embraces the best of online and traditional community lending. San Jose, Calif. (PRWEB) June 07, 2017 Opportunity Fund, a leading non-profit small business lender based in California, today announced it has begun to offer loans online to borrowers in 12 new states, in addition to increasing its investments in California’s small businesses. By expanding its partnership with Lending Club, the world’s largest online marketplace connecting borrowers and investors, Opportunity Fund will reach borrowers in these new states online, pursuing a branchless banking model that embraces the best of online and traditional community lending. “It’s thrilling to be able to reach so many more underserved business owners pursuing their dreams,” said Eric Weaver, Founder and CEO, Opportunity Fund. “We have received online inquiries and phone calls from entrepreneurs outside of California for years, and the rate is only increasing as our lending grows. Opportunity Fund plans to invest $400 Million in 10,000 small businesses by 2020, which will double our impact on an annual basis. “It’s only possible by pursuing innovative strategies and forging strong collaborations outside of our sector.” Minority communities and women entrepreneurs are particularly underserved, exacerbating disparities in wealth and opportunity. And while new ‘Fintech’ lenders have poured billions into a new online loan industry, borrowers are often saddled with debts carrying an average APR of 94% and payments that are more than twice what the business can afford, according to Opportunity Fund’s own research. Opportunity Fund’s collaboration with Lending Club began as a pilot in California in 2016, funded by JP Morgan Chase. The partnership leverages Lending Club’s technology platform to identify small business owners whose credit applications fit Opportunity Fund’s guidelines (and do not meet Lending Club’s credit criteria) so that Opportunity Fund can fund qualifying entrepreneurs, thereby expanding access to credit in underserved communities. The goal is for these small business owners to gain access to affordable credit, as well as expert advice and support from Opportunity Fund’s dedicated staff. The partnership will now expand into Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas and Washington. Two additional partnerships support this critical effort on behalf of borrowers in the Pacific Northwest. Opportunity Fund and Craft3, the leading CDFI in the region, will buy loans from Opportunity Fund and may establish ongoing relationships with qualified borrowers in the region acquired through the online lending partnerships. JPMorgan Chase will provide $2.6 million through its PRO Neighborhood initiative to support Opportunity Fund’s collaboration with Craft3. About Opportunity Fund Loans Opportunity Fund, the nation’s leading nonprofit small business lender, believes that small amounts of money and financial advice helps people make permanent and lasting change in their own lives, driving economic mobility and stronger communities. We empower small business owners, low-income students and working families because entrepreneurship, education and sound financial habits are proven pathways to a thriving economy. Our strategy combines loans for small business owners and savings accounts to help students pay for college and families save for a rainy day. Since 1994, we have invested more than $500 million into underserved communities and helped more than 20,000 people pursue economic opportunities. Learn more at http://www.opportunityfundloan.org. About Lending Club Lending Club's mission is to transform the banking system to make credit more affordable and investing more rewarding. The company's technology platform enables it to deliver innovative solutions to borrowers and investors. We operate at a lower cost than traditional bank lending programs, so we're able to pass the savings on to borrowers in the form of lower rates and to investors in the form of solid returns. Lending Club is based in San Francisco, California. Currently only residents of the following states may invest in Lending Club notes: AL, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, ME, MD, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NV, NY, OK, OR, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV, or WY. All loans are made by federally regulated issuing bank partners. Learn more at: http://www.lendingclub.com About Craft3 Craft3 is a nonprofit Community Development Financial Institution specializing in loans that strengthen the economy, families and environment. It lends to businesses, nonprofits and individuals throughout Oregon and Washington. Since inception in 1994, Craft3 has invested more than $433 million from offices in Seattle, Spokane, Port Angeles and Walla Walla, Washington and in Bend, Astoria and Portland, Oregon. Learn more at: http://www.Craft3.org. 1-FDIC Call Report, Q2 2014 2-“Unaffordable and Unsustainable: The New Business Lending on Main Street.” Opportunity Fund, 2016. http://bit.ly/1WLENaB Opportunity Fund Media Contact: Marika Rose, marikarose(at)surewest(dot)net Cell: 916-601-9737 For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/06/prweb14398914.htm Latest News Viraltag Introduces Collaboration To Put The ‘Social’ In Social Media Planning Dr. Kim Ross, Annapolis, MD Dentist, Invites Patients for Full Mouth Reconstruction Solutions NFI Named Top 50 3PL Provider by Logistics Management New WaterField iPad Pro Gear Case: Customized for Apple Pencil, Pro Accessories There’s a New Pitbull in Town – and He’s Not from Here – Chico, The Magic Dog Opportunity Fund Begins National Expansion Lending to Small Businesses Lending to Increase in California and expand to 12 additional States Suitcase Kitchen Workshop Comes to Chicago Togetherwork Acquires Pennington & Company Superior Graphite Celebrates 100 Years of Innovation in Specialty Graphite and Carbon-Based Products ISOA Achievement Award Winners 2017 and Upcoming Events © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
null
null
Franchise Lists Search Search boutique hotelsThe Original Hospitality Disrupter On LeadingThis Is How Occidental Petroleum’s CEO Led Through a Crisis Donald TrumpPresident Trump’s Aides Are Urging Him Not to Fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions Comey testimonyWhat to Expect From James Comey’s Testimony Fortune 500 The Fortune 500’s 10 Most Profitable Companies Jen Wieczner Jun 07, 2017 The 63rd edition of the Fortune 500, our annual list featuring the largest and most successful American companies, was published on Wednesday. But as our roster is a ranking of corporations by revenues, there's no requirement for profitability: Indeed, 61 companies on this year's list—or 12%—lost money last year. Still, the Fortune 500 as a group grew profits 6% in 2016, collectively earning nearly $890 billion. At the high end, the Fortune 500's biggest earners boast bottom lines larger than many world economies, with profits eclipsing the gross domestic product (GDP) of countries such as Tanzania and Iceland. And some of the companies that rank among the most profitable in the 500 may surprise you, as they are nowhere near the top in terms of sales. Meanwhile Walmart (wmt), which at No. 1 on the Fortune 500 has more than twice as much revenue as any other company on the list, doesn't even make the top 10 when it comes to profits. Even without tax reform and other political changes that are expected to boost earnings further, these 10 companies are making the most money in all of corporate America. 1. Apple Fortune 500 Rank: No. 3 2016 Profits: $45.7 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 21% Though its profits sank 14% last year, Apple (aapl) still managed to maintain its status as the Fortune 500's most profitable company for the third year in a row. Indeed, even after declines in iPhone and iPad sales led its revenues to fall nearly 8%, to $215.6 billion, Apple still has more money on hand than it has so far figured out what to do with, to the tune of more than $250 billion in cash. Apple plans to return some $13 billion of that hoard to shareholders in the coming year in the form of dividends, making it the highest dividend-paying stock in the world. 2. J.P. Morgan Chase Fortune 500 Rank: No. 21 2016 Profits: $24.7 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 23% Rising interest rates, even the Federal Reserve's modest recent hikes, have given J.P. Morgan Chase (jpm) a meaningful bump. Now the biggest American bank by any measure, J.P. Morgan grew revenue more than 4% last year to $105.5 billion, while also boosting profits more than 1%. With CEO Jamie Dimon an outspoken proponent of regulatory reform, particularly when it comes to the banking sector, J.P. Morgan's earnings are likely to grow further if President Trump and Congress lift some of the capital requirements and other limitations imposed on banks after the financial crisis. 3. Berkshire Hathaway Fortune 500 Rank: No. 2 2016 Profits: $24.1 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 11% Warren Buffett's conglomerate Berkshire Hathaway (brk.a) jumps up two spots to its highest Fortune 500 rank in history this year, after growing revenues 6% in 2016. Though Berkshire's profits were flat for the year (with modest growth from some of its underlying insurance and energy businesses offset by a 16% earnings decline at its Burlington Northern Santa Fe railroad, and slightly smaller stock market profits), its more than $24 billion bottom line means it holds last year's spot as the Fortune 500's third most profitable company. 4. Wells Fargo Fortune 500 Rank: No. 25 2016 Profits: $21.9 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 23% The bank paid more than $185 million to the government and consumers to resolve its fake accounts scandal, contributing to a more than 4% decline in 2016 profits. But Wells Fargo still netted nearly $22 billion in earnings last year. One of the largest consumer banks in America, Wells Fargo (wfc) is also benefiting from higher interest rates, and its sales grew almost 5% in 2016. 5. Alphabet Fortune 500 Rank: No. 27 2016 Profits: $19.5 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 22% Google's parent company moved up nine spots on the Fortune 500 this year thanks to a banner 2016 in which sales increased more than 20%, and earnings grew nearly as much, blowing past Wall Street's expectations. The core Google (googl) search and advertising business provided a hefty cushion for Alphabet's so-called other bets, which include everything from biotech unit Calico to self-driving car division Waymo. Though such moonshots managed to generate 81% more revenue in 2016 compared to the year before, they also had higher losses, of $3.6 billion—and they still account for less than 1% of Alphabet's overall sales. 6. Bank of America Fortune 500 Rank: No. 26 2016 Profits: $17.9 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 19% Higher interest rates are likely to benefit Bank of America (bac) more than any other U.S. bank, and in 2016, the company recorded its most profitable year since the financial crisis and the second-biggest profit in its history. (Bank of America has yet to surpass its record performance in 2006, when it earned $21 billion.) Illustrating how even small Fed rate hikes can have an outsized impact on the bottom line of a company like Bank of America—which makes money by collecting higher interest payments on loans while paying out a much smaller amount on consumers' savings deposits—the bank boosted profits nearly 13% last year, even though its sales were basically flat. 7. Microsoft Fortune 500 Rank: No. 28 2016 Profits: $16.8 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 20% Though Microsoft falls three spots on the Fortune 500 this year after a nearly 9% sales decline in 2016, its aggressive cost cuts (including 7,800 layoffs announced in 2015) are paying off for the company's bottom line: Microsoft (msft) grew profits almost 38% last year, beating Wall Street expectations. It wasn't just the cutbacks that made the difference. The company also attributed its impressive earnings to its booming cloud services business Azure, which is now competitive with the huge cloud-services division Amazon (amzn) and is much more profitable than Microsoft's legacy technology products. 8. Johnson & Johnson Fortune 500 Rank: No. 35 2016 Profits: $16.5 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 23% The sprawling health care conglomerate is one of just 54 companies that have made it on the Fortune 500 every single year the list has been published. Johnson & Johnson (jnj) also managed to expand its pre-tax profit margins in both its consumer products and pharmaceutical businesses last year. That, plus a reduction in its effective income tax rate (to 16.5% in 2016, down from 19.7% the year before) due to an accounting change, contributed to a more than 7% increase in 2016 profits, while sales grew less than 3%. 9. Citigroup Fortune 500 Rank: No. 30 2016 Profits: $14.9 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 18% After carrying out a deliberate and gradual plan to shrink and simplify the company, including divesting much of its Latin America business, Citigroup (c) declared its restructuring efforts complete in 2016. That left the bank with lower revenues (down nearly 7% to $82.4 billion last year) and profits (down almost 14%), as expected, but Citi CEO Michael Corbat still felt obliged to say in the company's annual report that "our performance last year fell short." Investors didn't seem to agree: Citi stock gained nearly 16% in 2016, as the bank also returned more money to shareholders in the form of an increased dividend and stock buybacks. 10. Altria Group Fortune 500 Rank: No. 148 2016 Profits: $14.2 billion % of Revenues (Margin): 74% Altria, the tobacco company formerly known as Philip Morris, catapulted into the ranks of the Fortune 500's most profitable companies with a massive 172% increase in net income in 2016. But don't expect Altria (mo) to keep its place on this list too long: The bulk of the company's profits last year came from a one-time windfall on Altria's 27% ownership stake in beer maker SABMiller. When Anheuser-Busch InBev completed its takeover of SABMiller in the fall, Altria reaped a $13.9 billion gain, representing $9 billion—and the vast majority—of its 2016 earnings after taxes. Not counting the gains from the mega-merger, Altria grew its operating income almost 5% last year. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
null
null
null
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Election 2017: Stock market winners and losers if Jeremy Corbyn becomes Prime Minister ‘More dramatic swings might be expected in the event of an unlikely Labour victory, but Brexit would continue to cast a pall,’ said fund managers at Jupiter Asset Management Justina Lee Wednesday 7 June 2017 16:15 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Polls have called for increasingly narrow margins for the Tories amid a series of political missteps by May, with the latest one by Survation/GMB ended Saturday showing just a one-percentage point lead PA Wire/PA Images Nearly a year after the EU referendum, one could be forgiven for fearing another political surprise in this week’s UK general election. And even as polls have tightened in the week ahead of Thursday’s vote, a Labour majority would still stun financial markets. While Prime Minister Theresa May is leading a campaign that’s less business-friendly than past Tory candidates’, Jeremy Corbyn has pulled his party leftward, with promises to nationalise railways and raise wages and taxes. At the same time, unlike the Tories, Labour has vowed to retain the benefits of the EU single market – a desire shared by most companies and investors. Read more Pound could plummet if General Election delivers hung parliament In the final days before the election, May and Corbyn have traded blows over each other’s records on countering terrorism, as recent attacks in London and Manchester turned the focus from Brexit to security. Polls have called for increasingly narrow margins for the Tories amid a series of political missteps by May, with the latest one by Survation/GMB ended Saturday showing just a one-percentage point lead. Equity markets have a lot on the line: The FTSE 100 rallied to an intraday record high last week as perceived certainty over the vote’s outcome helped shift the focus to Europe’s economic recovery and solid earnings. “More dramatic swings might be expected in the event of an unlikely Labour victory, but Brexit would continue to cast a pall,” Alastair Gunn and Rhys Petheram, fund managers at Jupiter Asset Management, wrote in a note. Here are the sectors and stocks to look out for in case of a Labour upset: LOSERS  Domestic Companies In addition to higher political uncertainty, a Labour comeback is expected to push down sterling, making imports more expensive for domestic producers and squeezing consumption – which is why UK mid-caps tend to underperform when the pound is weak. With Labour proposing to raise the minimum wage and strengthen workers’ bargaining power, companies with a large local staff – transport players such as IAG, EasyJet and Interserve, as well as retailers such as Next and Sainsbury's – will take a hit, JPMorgan strategists led by Mislav Matejka wrote in a note.  Nationalisation Targets: Royal Mail, Railways  Corbyn has pledged to re-nationalise Royal Mail, as well as rail companies when the franchises expire. This could spell trouble for FirstGroup and National Express Group, which offer transit services, according to JPMorgan. Financial Industry, Especially RBS  Unsurprisingly, the populist Corbyn is no fan of big banks. He’s vowed to separate investment and retail banking and extend the Stamp Duty Reserve Tax to a wider range of assets. One particular stock to watch is Royal Bank of Scotland: the Labour Party said it will launch a consultation on breaking up the lender to create new local public banks. Defence  When asked about his position on Trident, Britain’s nuclear weapon system, Corbyn has equivocated – though his party’s manifesto endorses renewal after his opposition was overruled in a party vote. Not renewing the system could potentially remove a large stream of business for BAE Systems, said Sandy Morris, an analyst at Jefferies. M&A  Both major parties are calling for greater scrutiny of takeovers, with Labour vowing to make sure critical companies have a clear plan to protect workers and pensioners in case of a merger. Thomas Seidl, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein, warned it would be negative for UK equities, and would “strip out any remaining M&A premium on the stocks.”  Utilities Higher power bills are another target that have united May and Corbyn, but according to Citigroup, the latter’s plan is even harsher for utilities. The Labour Party has proposed an immediate £1,000 cap on average household energy bills annually before transitioning to a fairer system, as well as creating public energy and water companies and regaining control of energy supply networks.  Pennon Group, Severn Trent, SSE and Centrica are among companies that may be hurt, JPMorgan said. UK-focused utilities have already slid after the Tories also pledged to cap energy costs, before recovering amid a lack of clarity. Companies including Centrica, SSE and National Grid will plunge at least 10 per cent in the case of a Labour-led government, Deutsche Bank AG said in a Tuesday report. WINNERS  Exporters and Global Corporations While the stock market may take a hit amid the initial shock, the FTSE 100’s resilience after Brexit shows there’s a silver lining in currency weakness. A drop in sterling makes exports more competitive and boosts overseas earnings in pound terms. Of course, Brexit is still the dominant issue for the campaign – and for most UK companies. With the Tories outright backing an exit from the single market in their manifesto, some analysts say a weakening of the party may help pave the way for a better deal with the EU. A smaller Tory majority or even a Labour-led government may actually be better for risk assets in the medium term, according to Morgan Stanley. “Better checks and balances against a hard Brexit could be possible” in case of a hung parliament, Ken Odeluga, a market analyst at brokerage City Index wrote in a note. “If Labour wins, a softer Brexit would still be likelier, and the market has made plain that it prefers soft to hard.” Bloomberg More about: Jeremy Corbyn General Election 2017 Theresa May Brexit FTSE 100 Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
null
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES FEATURES June 8, 2017 | Last updated 5 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Ramadan 2017 War of 1967 UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors24 Markets17 Automotives2 Banking5 Construction Employment Features1 General Investment1 Media Careers2 Energy54 Retail4 Shipping1 Technology7 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors A tech start-up boom in Iran Robots will change the nature of employment Egypt to submit draft investment regulations Aviation10 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Etihad breaks off talks with TUI for airline UAE closes airspace to Qatar flights Etihad Cargo signs MoU with Royal Air Maroc Economy16 Property8 GN Property top stories in Property Municipality meets developers in Dubai Real estate litigation and arbitration Real estate data: The bedrock of progress Money1 Dirhams and Dollars1 Visas Analysis5 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Italian bank rescue plan will test political will Monte dei Paschi will need a rather considerable 8.8b euros from going under Image Credit: Bloomberg The statue of Sallustio Bandini, an economist and politician, stands in Piazza Salimbeni in front of the Monte dei Paschi di Siena bank headquarters in Siena, Italy. The health of Monte dei Paschi — which will be assessed by the European Central Bank as a condition of the deal — will be a crucial measure to ensure the bailout follows the rules. Published: 11:04 June 7, 2017 By Jack Ewing, Gaia Pianigiani, Chad Bray and Melissa Eddy   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Some banks go to the international markets when they need money for a big deal. Monte dei Paschi di Siena, one of Italy’s biggest lenders, tapped its own loyal customers. “The bank has always been a gold mine and the pride of the city,” said Paolo Emilio Falaschi, a lawyer in Siena who represents several aggrieved clients. The aftershocks of that strategy have presented European leaders with their first major too-big-to-fail moment, as authorities gave the initial greenlight for a bailout of Monte dei Paschi. Monte dei Paschi never recovered from its ill-fated and costly deal; the firm has been marred for years by scandal, management upheaval and hefty losses. Calls for a bailout have been growing louder over worries that legions of angry middle-class savers — who bought the bank’s bonds and financed the deal — would destabilise Italy’s already wobbly government and nourish far-right parties. As the bank runs low on cash, the Italian government is stepping in to help, with plans to inject as much as 20 billion euros into Monte dei Paschi and other troubled lenders. European regulators gave their preliminary approval to the Monte dei Paschi deal on the condition that the bank go through an in-depth restructuring and its finances pass muster. Much of the reform instituted after the 2008 financial crisis was intended to prevent banks from becoming so big and so risky that they could hold the global economy hostage. Politicians and policymakers didn’t want taxpayers to be on the hook for the banks’ mistakes. Under the new rules, national governments are not supposed to inject fresh taxpayer money into a bank if it is deemed insolvent. When a bank gets into financial trouble, shareholders and bondholders, assumed to be sophisticated investors aware of the risks, are supposed to take the hit and bear the losses. The health of Monte dei Paschi — which will be assessed by the European Central Bank as a condition of the deal — will be a crucial measure to ensure the bailout follows the rules. But the finances of Monte dei Paschi are open to significant interpretation, putting the rescue in a regulatory grey area. The central bank said in late December that Monte dei Paschi would need 8.8 billion euros to plug a shortfall in its capital. The Italian bank lost 3.4 billion euros last year as it had to set aside more reserves for troubled loans, and it continued to bleed money in the first quarter. Monte dei Paschi is the first case in which the European Central Bank has exercised its oversight role under new bank bailout rules. The central bank is responsible for determining whether Monte dei Paschi can be saved and how much capital it needs. If authorities stretch the definition of solvency for a mid-size Italian lender, a fraction the size of JPMorgan Chase or Deutsche Bank, the case could raise questions about whether the world was any safer from a really big bank failure. “This is the first serious test for the European banking union,” said Clemens Fuest, president of the Ifo Institute, an economic research institute in Munich. “If the bail-in rules are violated without very good reasons, the credibility of the banking union will be damaged.” The bank’s troubles began in 2008, when it acquired Antonveneta, a small regional player. The price of 9 billion euros, all in cash, was considered alarmingly high. Stretched, the bank used a series of dubious transactions to raise money. Among them was the sale of 2 billion euros in bonds to customers, employees and other middle-class savers. Weakened by the purchase, Monte dei Paschi was acutely vulnerable to the shocks that followed the collapse of investment bank Lehman Brothers in late 2008 and the European debt crisis in 2010. Prices plunged for the bank’s holdings of Italian government bonds. The amount of problem loans surged, as Italy’s sputtering economy hurt small businesses and left many unable to repay their debts. Monte dei Paschi managers made the problems worse by trying to conceal growing losses from shareholders and regulators, in part using derivatives devised with the help of Japanese bank Nomura and Deutsche Bank. After the losses were exposed in 2013, the bank needed a 3.9 billion euros bailout from the Bank of Italy to stay afloat. A succession of new top managers tried to fix Monte dei Paschi by pushing thousands of bank workers into early retirement, selling problem loans and asking shareholders to put up new capital. The measures were not enough. Last July, stress tests by European bank regulators determined that Monte dei Paschi’s capital would be wiped out in the event of a severe economic crisis. No other bank tested fared so poorly. The bank tried to raise more capital. But the company failed to persuade private investors. Under the new rules, Monte dei Paschi’s bondholders are supposed to step unto the breach, swallowing losses and reducing the bank’s debt. The problem is that many of the bondholders are middle-class Italians who were told the bonds were a low-risk way to save. The debate about the bailout has reopened familiar fault lines between Italy and countries like Germany that insist on strict adherence to the letter of the law. Early in the process, the German government raised objections to a bailout. But it may be reluctant to put up obstacles now. The government of Chancellor Angela Merkel faces an election in September, and Germany may need to save its own troubled institution, the state-owned HSH Nordbank. Merler of Bruegel argued that Italy is not violating European rules by helping Monte dei Paschi. Europe’s bank resolution law allows countries to provide temporary aid to banks in order to avert a financial crisis, provided the bank has not already collapsed. Some analysts are concerned that Monte dei Paschi’s troubles could spread to other Italian banks. Banca Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca both asked for state aid last month, but European regulators may be reluctant to give them arrangements similar to Monte dei Paschi’s. While the details of Monte dei Paschi’s deal are still being finalised, Italian taxpayers are expected to the bear the brunt of the cost. The Italian government is expected to kick in 6.6 billion euros, with the remaining 2.2 billion euros of its capital shortfall covered by senior bondholders. As part of the plan, the ordinary folks who bought bonds would be compensated in some manner. The justification for repaying the small-time investors in full is that they were victims of false marketing. But critics say consumer fraud issues should be treated separately from the bailout. “They can sue the bank for selling them something they did not want to buy,” said Fuest of the Ifo Institute. “I cannot see that financial stability depends on bailing out all retail investors.” — New York Times News Service More from Features Italian bank rescue plan to test political will Embed coaching as corporate strategic investment China dealmaker takes up one more challenge Making a case for oil to head to $70 by year end London’s wealthy landlords think short-term Trump’s trade swagger will not carry him far Central Bank releases regulation on data privacy The nations most gripped by economic misery tags from this storyItaly follow this tag on MGNGermany follow this tag on MGNAngela Merkel follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsFeatures tagsItaly follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGermany follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAngela Merkel follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In FeaturesEmbed coaching as corporate strategic investment Business Gallery China Beijing International High-tech Expo opens Pictures: Apple launches new gadgets and updates Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Italian bank rescue plan to test political will 02Entrepreneur Juma Al Majid: A life in service 03Challenge of the Turkish soap operas Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 13Images Mohammad launches Marsa Al Arab project May 15, 2017 7Images China Beijing International High-tech Expo opens Jun 08, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 11Images Etihad Airways offers residence in the sky May 04, 2014 Currencies currenciesAgainst USDAgainst BHD Against EUR Against GBP Against PHILIPINE PESO Against SAR Against OMR Against QAR Against KWD Against AED Value % Change As on Most Popular on Gulf News Saudi, UAE, Bahrain, Egypt cut Qatar ties How the Qatari crisis affects you Qatar sympathisers to face fine, jail UAE supports statements on Qatar An open letter to the Qatari emir Qatar ready for mediation to ease rift Gargash: We are fed up with Qatar's duplicity 4 UAE airlines cut flights to, from Doha Exposed: Qatar’s role in Brotherhood spread Close Recommended For You Eurozone growth revised to highest in two yearsPUBLISHED ON Jun 08, 2017 Why Marshall Plan was so importantPUBLISHED ON Jun 07, 2017 UAE denies changes in residency laws rumoursPUBLISHED ON Jun 08, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
null
Toggle navigation NEWS Sections Politics Irish Voice Irish Echo Community Nuzhound Featured: Popular: Your guide to the snap British election and why it’s so important for Ireland Who is Jeremy Corbyn? President Donald Trump is just plain dumb as Comey and FBI dealings reveal Irish leader plans major new anti-terror unit for Ireland Enda Kenny makes last US trip as Irish leader OPINION Sections Niall O'Dowd Cahir O'Doherty Kayla Hertz Other Writers Featured: Popular: Your guide to the snap British election and why it’s so important for Ireland Irish links to London IS terror attacks should be a wake up call President Donald Trump is just plain dumb as Comey and FBI dealings reveal Leo Varadkar’s minor revolution - a shift to right of center Trump’s attacks on London mayor highlights lacking diplomacy, again BUSINESS Sections Startups Influencers Featured: Popular: 7 reasons Ireland is one of the best places to work Brexit related boom for the Irish commercial property sector? Irish regional development fund makes $67 million available for job creation Irish Artificial Intelligence startup positions itself to rival Google and Amazon Delta taking off with direct Boston to Dublin flights this summer ROOTS Sections History Genealogy Irish America Featured: Popular: Lance-Corporal Michael O’Leary, a true Irish hero Definitive guide to understanding Irish place names Ellis Island footage reminds us of where we all came from The Irish who dug the tunnels for New York’s subway system Spanish Armada treasure discovered off the Sligo coast (PHOTOS) TRAVEL Sections Best of Ireland Travel Tips Moving to Ireland Featured: Popular: Irish Whiskey Museum tells the tales of the world’s fastest growing spirit Diary of an American left hand side driver in Ireland The ten real reasons why American tourists love Ireland (PHOTOS) What the Irish people taught me about life in just four short days You won't believe how many pubs there are in Ireland and where some are located CULTURE Sections Craic Entertainment Food & Drink Education Featured: Popular: Inspiring and funny quotes on what it means to be Irish A drive back in time through 1970s Dublin (VIDEO) Avoca’s mouthwatering Irish apple pie with blackberries recipe The perfect traditional Irish potato salad recipe What Irish name has been among the top baby names for 100 years? Shop Jobs Search Subscribe Sign In facebook twitter instagram Close HOME NEWS All News Politics Irish Voice Irish Echo Community Nuzhound OPINION All Opinion Niall O'Dowd Cahir O'Doherty Kayla Hertz Other Writers BUSINESS All Business Startups Influencers ROOTS All Roots History Genealogy TRAVEL All Travel Best of Ireland Travel Tips Moving to Ireland CULTURE All Culture Craic Entertainment Food & Drink Education SHOP JOBS Brexit related boom for the Irish commercial property sector? Cahir O'Doherty @randomirish June 07, 2017 04:13 AM Print 33SHARES / Facebook Email Twitter Pinterest SMS Comments Construction underway on the north side of the River Liffey in Dublin. RollingNews.ie Irish real estate groups are hugging themselves with quiet glee this week at the prospect of multiple new Brexit-related opportunities in the Irish commercial property sector. The optimism is founded in reality. JP Morgan recently acquired an office block in Dublin’s docklands, potentially doubling its Irish workforce to 1,000. It’s a hard Brexit that blows nobody some good. This exodus from London to an English-speaking capital (that remains within the European Union) represents the shape of things to come according to Green Property, the Dublin based real estate group who foresee continuing expansion into the Irish capital. “JP Morgan’s decision to expand in Ireland is important because it is a very powerful global leader and their imprimatur on the country as a location for Brexit-related activity will lead other banks and smaller companies in other sectors to consider Dublin,” Stephen Vernon, leader of the Green Property group, said at the EY Entrepreneur of the Year chief executives’ retreat in San Francisco this week. Read more: British bankers flee UK for Ireland post-Brexit JP Morgan buys Dublin office block “It gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the #EU" https://t.co/uEBI32kKyR via @IrishTimesBiz — Vincent Hartman (@vincenthartman) June 5, 2017 There are significant but not insurmountable challenges for Dublin in order to qualify for the kind of inward investment that Vernon foresees, however. According to James Kenny, the head of investor services for JP Morgan, the issue for Ireland isn’t the difficulty of finding qualified staff, it’s infrastructure. “The binding constraint in Ireland is … infrastructure in the city, the supply of housing, the capacity of the school system, and the domestic transport infrastructure,” he told the Irish Times. Last year the Republic of Ireland was the fastest growing economy in the European Union. “It's important not to view the prospects for Ireland purely through the lens of Brexit,” Kieran Donoghue of the Industrial Development Authority (IDA) said at a recent meeting in Dublin to discuss prospects for the Irish economy and the financial services industry. #DidYouKnow #India is the fastest growing economy in the world and #Ireland is the fastest growing economy in Europe. @IDAIRELAND pic.twitter.com/22GGSIbLk0 — Tanaz (@tanaz_b) March 1, 2017 “We’ll have to wait and see how the indigenous Irish-owned sectors respond to the challenges created by Brexit. There may be an opportunity to compensate for any losses on the domestic side by attracting inward flows of additional investment,” Donoghue said. John Bruder, managing director of Burlington Real Estate, told the Sunday Business Post that he believes the commercial property sector in Ireland will thrive over the next 10 years, “as it is a much more sophisticated and sustainable one since the crash, with many new players and stakeholders both domestic and international active in all areas. This will ensure that the sector operates in line with international best practice and organizations such as Urban Land Institute will facilitate this process.” Read more: British admit Brexit a complete disaster says top Irish negotiator Related: Irish politics 33SHARES / Facebook Email Twitter Pinterest SMS Comments Most Popular Most Recent Irish Voice $100k reward for info on suspect in Irish cop killing who lived in Bronx Opinion Guinness, Bailey’s and whiskey chocolate cupcakes recipe Roots The Irish who dug the tunnels for New York’s subway system History Could this be the oldest known video of Ireland? Entertainment The history behind “When Irish Eyes are Smiling” History Did your ancestors fight in the 1916 Rising? (PHOTOS & VIDEO) History A drive back in time through 1970s Dublin (VIDEO) Craic Inspiring and funny quotes on what it means to be Irish Travel Definitive guide to understanding Irish place names Genealogy Lance-Corporal Michael O’Leary, a true Irish hero Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Top of Page Search IrishCentral Search © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC All rights reserved. Basics Authors Topics About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Register Sitemap Sections News Opinion Business Roots Travel Culture IrishCentral Newsletter Subscribe to our Newsletter Email Follow Us facebook twitter google-plus linked-in rss instagram © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC All rights reserved.
null
null
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets June 7 2017 Save Print License article Wesfarmers slide keeps ASX in red Jens Meyer and Patrick Commins facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares were buoyed by slightly better-than-expected economic growth numbers, but a slide in Wesfarmers kept the market in the red, while sentiment remained fragile ahead of a number of global risk events this week. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index slipped by the slimmest of margin, 0.005 per cent, to 5667.2, its third close in the red this week.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next GDP slows less than estimated Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:34 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:43 ASX winners and losers - a snapshot ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Up Next GDP slows less than estimated Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:34 Video duration 02:34 GDP slows less than estimated GDP slows less than estimated With interest rates expected to be on hold for the rest of the year, Morgan Stanley Australia Strategist Daniel Blake says the economy is a victim of its own success. Up Next Sydney house prices not falling Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:45 Video duration 01:45 Sydney house prices not falling Sydney house prices not falling Another housing story, but an important one as it cuts through the noise from those screaming disaster or never-ending boom. Michael Pascoe comments. Up Next How much can you save at Aldi? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 How much can you save at Aldi? How much can you save at Aldi? Choice has conducted a price comparison of the average shopping basket across the major supermarkets. Up Next Australia - the new economic record holders Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:10 Video duration 02:10 Australia - the new economic record ... Australia - the new economic record holders Here what the Treasurer has to say after Australia secured the world record for the longest period of uninterrupted economic growth. Up Next Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:34 Video duration 00:34 Uber fires 20 employees after harassment ... Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe Uber has fired 20 employees following an investigation into claims of harassment, discrimination, bullying and other employee concerns. Up Next Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic dispute Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:36 Video duration 01:36 Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic ... Qatar increasingly isolated in diplomatic dispute Most of Qatar's land, air and sea ports are being blocked amid a diplomatic dispute with some its Middle Eastern neighbours. More videos ASX winners and losers - a snapshot The stand out listings traded on the ASX captured at key moments through the day, as indicated by the time stamp in the video. Gross domestic product growth came in at a paltry 0.3 per cent in the first quarter and 1.7 per cent over the year. But that was still higher than many in the market were fearing following disappointing GDP components in the lead-up to the release, sparking some rises in both shares and the Australian dollar. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The ASX weathered another rough session on Wednesday. Photo: Qilai Shen Overall, the data were nothing to crow about, with many economists concerned about sluggish consumption. "The first-quarter national accounts add to the string of data on the activity side showing that the economy is below trend and will not be reducing excess capacity soon," said JPMorgan economist Ben Jarman. "With the household sector subject to further headwinds from rising interest servicing costs, the pressure on the RBA's 3 per cent and above GDP forecast continues to mount." Advertisement Globally, worries about the outcome of the UK elections, a potentially dovish stance by the European Central Bank at its policy meeting and former FBI director James Comey's Senate testimony kept investors on their toes. "Comey's testimony is likely to be the highlight," said AMP Capital Investors head of dynamic markets Nader Naeimi. "Looking at the market positioning, investors have turned too pessimistic on growth, so the Fed and ECB can lead to large bond-market volatility." Profiting from the caution were both bonds and gold, while the US dollar was sold off. Gold miners were among the day's winners on the local market, with Regis Resources rising 3.8 per cent and Newcrest Mining up 0.7 per cent. The big banks were slightly higher, taking a break from several days of selling, as were the big miners following some gains in commodity prices. The biggest drag on the benchmark index was Wesfarmers, which tumbled 2.9 per cent after the group at its strategy day flagged falling margins at Coles due to rising investments as well as losses at its UK hardware business. Vocus Group soared 21.7 per cent after a $2.2 billion offer by private equity group KKR sparked hopes of a bidding war for the underperforming telco. Stock watch: Blackmores The tide has well and truly turned on Blackmores, as shares in the vitamins maker sliding below $90 on Wednesday, a level not seen since August 2015. The stock has endured a rough ride from its dizzy highs 18 months ago: the shares hit a peak of $220.90 at the start of 2016. That was when optimism over Chinese demand for its products was at its highs. Since then, the shares have suffered a severe reality check. But the sharp de-rating has attracted interest from at least one research house. Earlier in the week Morningstar reminded clients the slide in the share price to below $101 had put them firmly within its "accumulate" zone. The Morningstar analysts said they remain keen on Blackmore's leverage to Asian demand.  Shares closed 3.6 per cent lower at $89.00, and have slid 13.9 per cent this year. Market Movers Feel the burn Deepening concerns that investors in Murray Goulburn will bear the brunt of the costs of a planned restructure of the milk processor saw units in the co-operative hit new lows. Shares in MG Unit Trust plunged 9.5 per cent to 66.5¢, after hitting an all-time low of 62¢ during the session. The latest restructuring may see the company's profit sharing mechanism and the payout ratio altered, sparking fears much of the milk processors' woes will be borne by investors. Bell Potter downgraded the stock to 'hold' with a price target of 73 cents.  Gold barrier Gold held close to seven-month highs on Wednesday, trading just above $US1290 an ounce, but shied away from the $US1300-level, for now. The precious metal is being supported by a weaker US dollar ahead of key political and economic events that are expected to stoke bullion's safe-haven appeal. But OCBC analyst Barnabas Gan said that at $US1290, gold prices looked too rich. "It has been rallying simply because of safe-haven demand," he said. "Beyond Thursday (ECB, UK elections and Comey hearing) and till the end of June, expect gold to lose its lustre." Rebar rebounds Chinese steel futures edged up after a nine-day fall, although the outlook for demand in the world's top consumer remained weak. The price recovery, which follows an 11 per cent decline since May 22, may be short-lived, said Richard Lu, an analyst at consultancy CRU. "We think the current market remains very, very slow. The recent price slump should make buyers hesitant to buy because the price can go down again," he said. The most-active iron ore contracts on the Shanghai Futures Exchange also edged higher. Block(chain) party Shares in blockchain software company DigitalX soared 74 per cent to 4¢ after it revealed that Melbourne-based Blockchain Global Limited - a Bitcoin mining, software and consultancy company - intends to take a 40 per cent stake in the company. The $4.35 million investment has been partly made through Bitcoin - a world first, the company believes - with the first stage of funding being a $300,000 convertible Bitcoin loan. "The investor had a significant holding in digital currency, and could send the funds to us within 10 minutes," DigitalX CEO Leigh Travers told Fairfax Media. "It was just a faster way of sending through payment." Advertisement HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers ASX snaps losing streak as CSL soars Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Investors should be 'crossing their fingers' as risk rises One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
null
null
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions News Alert: Live video: Ex-FBI Director James Comey testifies Business Despite Trump stumbles, optimism of top U.S. CEOs hits highest level in three years Molly Riley / AFP/Getty Images Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and chairman of the Business Roundtable, speaks at the Economic Club of Washington in September. Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and chairman of the Business Roundtable, speaks at the Economic Club of Washington in September. (Molly Riley / AFP/Getty Images) Jim PuzzangheraContact ReporterLos Angeles Times Privacy Policy Despite some stumbles by President Trump, chief executives of America’s largest companies are more optimistic about the economy than they have been in three years, according to survey results released Tuesday. The CEOs remain hopeful about a sweeping overhaul of the tax code, including a steep cut in the corporate rate, despite limited details so far from the White House and the lack of formal legislation in Congress. Those developments have led the Trump administration to back off its expectation to get tax reform enacted by August. But hopes remain high that major tax changes are coming soon, according to the 148 chief executives surveyed this month by the Business Roundtable trade group. “The survey results reflect confidence from America’s leading employers in the prospects for tax reform as well as the tangible economic benefits that tax reform will produce,” said Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JP Morgan Chase & Co., and chairman of the group, which is composed of the heads of about 200 of the largest U.S companies. Its CEO Economic Outlook Index increased to 93.9 in the second quarter, up slightly from the first quarter, boosted by stronger expectations for capital spending. The index is based on projections for sales, capital spending and hiring over the next six months, and ranges from minus-50 to 150, with a reading above 50 indicating that the economy is expanding. Since the survey began in 2002, the average has been 80. In the first quarter, the index jumped by its most in seven years as Trump took office with promises to slash taxes and regulations. But Trump’s agenda has been slowed as the White House deals with controversies, such as investigations into possible collusion by campaign officials with Russia during the 2016 election. “Of course, whenever there are distractions from the agenda that we want to see accomplished in Washington, everybody’s concerned,” said Business Roundtable President Joshua Bolten, who served as White House chief of staff during the George W. Bush administration. “But I’d be careful not to overstate that concern,” he said. “What the survey reflects is ongoing optimism about the prospect for ongoing regulatory reform….and the prospect for tax reform.” Trump wants to to cut the corporate tax rate to 15% from 35%, which is the highest among developed economies, He also wants to eliminate U.S. taxes on foreign earnings. The urgency of tax reform cannot be overstated. — Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JP Morgan Chase & Co. “The urgency of tax reform cannot be overstated,” Dimon said. A separate Business Roundtable survey last month showed that tax reform would boost corporate spending and hiring, while a delay would cause CEOs to hold off on those moves. In the latest survey, CEOs scaled down their projection for economic growth this year to 2% from a 2.2% estimate in the first quarter. The index for capital spending plans increased while expectations for sales remained essentially flat. Plans to expand payrolls decreased somewhat, although Bolten noted that came after a big jump in hiring expectations in the first quarter. Twitter: @JimPuzzanghera jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com ALSO Trump to pick former CEO of OneWest Bank for key financial regulatory post California bill would end 'purely profit-driven' practice of drug-company coupons Tesla's Elon Musk and Disney's Robert Iger quit Trump advisory councils, citing climate change Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Donald Trump Jamie Dimon Robert A. Iger Trump sees job gains in Paris exit. Trade wars could erase them. Fact check: Trump, not Democrats, to blame for slow pace of government posts being filled Trump needs to get a grip News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 77°
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Shares rebound as GDP hits mark Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares recover their early losses to trade flat and the Australian dollar heads higher on GDP numbers that didn't disappoint, but Wesfarmers remains a major drag. The economy grew a paltry 0.3% in the Q1, but that was more than many were fearing Wesfarmers shares plunge nearly 3% after it warns on falling margins at Coles Vocus shares shoot higher on hopes of bidding war after KKR lodges offer The Aussie dollar hits a one-month high on RBA confidence and weak greenback Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:46pm on 7 Jun 2017 That's it for Markets Live for today. Thanks for reading and for your comments. See you all again tomorrow morning from 9. 4:40pm on 7 Jun 2017 Shares were buoyed by slightly better-than-expected economic growth numbers, but a slide in Wesfarmers kept the market slightly in the red, as sentiment remained fragile ahead of a number of global risk events this week. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index slipped by the slimmest of margin, 0.005 per cent, to 5667.2, its third close in the red this week.  Gross domestic product growth came in at a paltry 0.3 per cent in the first quarter and 1.7 per cent over the year. But that was still higher than many in the market were fearing following disappointing GDP components in the lead-up to the release, sparking some rises in both shares and the Australian dollar. Overall the data were nothing to crow about, with many economists concerned about sluggish consumption. "The first-quarter national accounts add to the string of data on the activity side showing that the economy is below trend and will not be reducing excess capacity soon," said JPMorgan economist Ben Jarman. "With the household sector subject to further headwinds from rising interest servicing costs, the pressure on the RBA's 3 per cent and above GDP forecast continues to mount." Globally, worries about the outcome of the UK elections, a potentially dovish stance by the European Central Bank at its policy meeting and former FBI director James Comey's Senate testimony kept investors on their toes. "Comey's testimony is likely to be the highlight," said AMP Capital Investors head of dynamic markets Nader Naeimi. "Looking at the market positioning, investors have turned too pessimistic on growth, so the Fed and ECB can lead to large bond-market volatility." Profiting from the caution were both bonds and gold, while the US dollar was sold off. Gold miners were among the day's winners on the local market, with Regis Resources rising 3.8 per cent and Newcrest Mining up 0.7 per cent. The big banks were slightly higher, taking a break from several days of selling, as were the big miners following some gains in commodity prices. The biggest drag on the benchmark index was Wesfarmers, which tumbled 2.9 per cent after the group at its strategy day flagged falling margins at Coles due to rising investments as well as losses at its UK hardware business. Vocus Group soared 21.7 per cent after a $2.2 billion offer by private equity group KKR sparked hopes of a bidding war for the underperforming telco. 4:17pm on 7 Jun 2017 Photo-sharing application company Pinterest has raised $US150 million ($200 million) from existing investors in its latest round of funding, which values the company at $US12.3 billion ($16.3 billion), a company spokeswoman said overnight. The latest funding round has slightly increased the company's valuation from $US11 billion when Pinterest raised $US367 million in March 2015. The additional capital will be used for further investments in visual technology and global expansion, the spokeswoman said in a statement to Reuters. By raising money, Pinterest is choosing to delay a potential initial public offering as its business model matures. The company generates revenue by selling ads that look like posts on its site. Each month, 175 million people use Pinterest to collect and post images related to fashion, travel, cooking and other interests. The San Francisco-based company is targeting revenue of more than $US500 million this year, people familiar with the matter have said. Pinterest, once one of Silicon Valley's hottest start-ups, has been overshadowed by its faster-growing competitors. In the time since its last fundraising, Snap went public, Facebook-owned Instagram reached 700 million users, and Google built competitive image-based shopping technology. Pinterest has said its growth potential depends on improving its product to match people with images that reflect their interests and inspire them. The company said it will use the funds to improve its computer vision and visual search technologies like its Lens camera search, which lets users take pictures on their phone and search for similar items or images on Pinterest. The company will also use the new capital to improve its offering for international users. Shoe rack storage ideas: the kind of thing you might search for on Pinterest, a $16b company. Photo: Supplied 3:49pm on 7 Jun 2017 Shares in Murray Goulburn's MG Unit Trust have plunged to a record low today, following a downgrade by Bell Potter and amid worries over the outcome of a review of the company's capital structure. MG Unit Trust shares have dropped as much as 15.7 per cent to 62 cents to hit all-time low, and are currently down 9.5 per cent to 66.5 cents. That comes following a 14.5 per cent slide on Tuesday. Bell Potter downgraded the stock to 'hold' today with a price target of 73 cents. Weighing on the shares is news from earlier this week of a strategic review of the co-operative's capital structure, which many fear could favour farmers over shareholders of the unit trust. It is now clear in hindsight that the decision by the Murray Goulburn Co-operative to introduce a new capital structure and raise $500 million in 2015 was a mistake, the AFR's Tony Boyd wrote yesterday.  The reason given for the change from a pure not-for-profit  organisation to one that shared its profits with public investors in the MG Unit Trust was to provide a strong balance sheet, the funds to pursue growth and higher farmgate returns. But since the listing in 2015, shares in the MG Unit Trust  have fallen from $1 to a record low. The company has had to prop up its dairy farmer suppliers through a debt forgiveness package. 3:38pm on 7 Jun 2017 Go long the euro. Short the pound. Sell Brazil's real, the Mexican peso and South Africa's rand. Buy gold. These are some of the strategies managers are adopting as they brace for Thursday's trifecta of disruptions. AMP Capital Investors' Nader Naeimi sees former FBI director James Comey's testimony as the biggest wildcard. But he also thinks US bond yields are close to their bottom and the US dollar will gain versus emerging-market currencies. Comey's appearance before a Congressional panel about his investigation into Donald Trump campaign's ties to Russia will come just hours after the European Central Bank's meeting in the Estonian capital, Tallinn. Euro bulls are eager for clues on whether policy makers will consider unwinding bond purchases. The pound faces its latest Brexit moment on the same day, as the UK holds a general election. "The pound seems set for volatile trade as the results come in early Friday morning (Australian time)," said Westpac's Sean Callow who sees GBP/USD potentially anywhere from sub-1.20 to 1.35 in the most extreme scenarios. "Price action has made clear that the pound's strength – at least short term - is positively correlated with the outlook for the current Conservative government." There's more uncertainty brewing next week. The Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rates June 14 and may offer guidance on both further increases and its thinking on when to start trimming its $US4.5 trillion balance sheet. "Comey's testimony is likely to be the highlight," said Naeimi. "Looking at the market positioning, investors have turned too pessimistic on growth, so the Fed and ECB can lead to large bond-market volatility." The pund is set for some volatility come Friday morning. Photo: AP Back to top 3:07pm on 7 Jun 2017 Gold is holding close to seven-month highs, but has shied away from the $US1300-level, for now. The precious metal is being supported by a weaker US dollar ahead of key political and economic events that are expected to stoke bullion's safe-haven appeal. A national election in the UK, a European Central Bank policy meeting and former FBI director James Comey's Senate testimony are all occurring on 'Super Thursday'. The events have the potential to boost the appeal of bullion, which is often used as an investment option during times of political and financial uncertainty.   combination of geopolitical concerns, including the UK elections and a wilting US dollar as Wall Street loses faith on US. President Donald Trump delivering on his campaign promises, have kept gold's bullish streak going, said Jeffrey Halley, a senior market analyst at OANDA. "With the degree of uncertainty around as we head into the latter half of the week, there would appear to be no reason for gold's march higher to peter out," Halley said. Spot gold is down 0.1 per cent at $US1291 per ounce, after rising as high as $US1295.97 overnight. "At $US1290, gold prices look too rich for our comfort. It has been rallying simply because of safe-haven demand," OCBC analyst Barnabas Gan said. "Once this driver that underpins the strong gold price disappears, beyond Thursday and till the end of June, expect gold to lose its lustre," he said. All eyes will be on former FBI director James Comey's testimony tomorrow in Washington. Photo: Bloomberg 2:46pm on 7 Jun 2017 Shares in blockchain software company DigitalX have soared 65 per cent, after it revealed that Melbourne-based Blockchain Global Limited - a Bitcoin mining, software and consultancy company - intends to take a 40 per cent stake in the company, subject to due diligence and shareholder approval. The $4.35 million investment has been partly made through Bitcoin - a world first, the company believes - with the first stage of funding being a $300,000 convertible Bitcoin loan. "The investor had a significant holding in digital currency, and could send the funds to us within 10 minutes," DigitalX CEO Leigh Travers told Fairfax Media. "It was just a faster way of sending through payment." The $4.35 million being offered for 40 per cent of the company is a 28.5 per cent premium to DigitalX's shares prior to the announcement, leading Travers to believe it will be approved by his shareholders.  The deal was partly concocted in New York, at a global Bitcoin conference last month. The conference included a commemorative dinner for Bitcoin Pizza day, which commemorates the purchase of two large pizzas using Bitcoins in 2010. The volatile cryptocurrency, a single unit of which currently buys $3798.48, has come a long way since then.  Investors recently celebrated 'Bitcoin Pizza Day'. It's not clear what the favoured type of pizza was. Photo: Supplied 2:36pm on 7 Jun 2017 Chinese steel futures have edged up after a nine-day fall, although the outlook for demand in the world's top consumer remained weak. The price recovery, which follows an 11 per cent decline since May 22, may be technical in nature, said Richard Lu, analyst at CRU consultancy. "We think the current market remains very, very slow. The recent price slump should make buyers hesitant to buy because the price can go down again so they just want to slow down purchases," he said. The most-active rebar on the Shanghai Futures Exchange was up 0.6 per cent at 2959 yuan ($US436) a tonne.  Construction activity usually eases in China during summer, curbing steel consumption. On the Dalian Commodity Exchange, the most-traded iron ore contract is up 0.1 per cent at 432.5 yuan. Supply of the steelmaking raw material remains high in China. Imported iron ore at the country's ports reached 136.55 million tonnes as of June 2, only down slightly from the previous week's 136.6 million tonnes which was the most for the stockpiles since 2004. Spot iron ore prices regained some lost ground overnight, rising 0.2 pre cent to $US56.03, after falling to near eight-month lows in the previous day. Some minor relief for iron ore prices. Photo: Vincent Mundy 2:17pm on 7 Jun 2017 There's been a lot of talk about Australia's record-breaking spell of economic growth without a recession. At last count it's now been 103 quarters since the 1991 recession (the one "we had to have"); that's close to 26 years without two consecutive quarters of shrinking economic output. While there's some nit-picking around the international comparisons (apparently Japan's post-WW2 growth period was longer, and the Dutch miracle ended either much earlier or a bit later), it's clearly a remarkable run. However, it should be mentioned that one factor contributing to our long stretch without a recession is Australia's relatively strong population growth of around 1.4 per cent a year. BetaShares chief economist David Bassanese notes that on a GDP-per capita basis, the economy has in fact experienced two technical recessions since the early 1990s – one in 2000 and again in 2006 (see chart). 2:04pm on 7 Jun 2017 Here's what economists are saying about today's first-quarter GDP numbers, which came in as weak as predicted: Felicity Emmett, ANZ: Some of the weakness in Q1 is likely to prove temporary, although a bounce in Q2 looks unlikely at this stage. More broadly, there looks to have been a sustained step-down in the pace of consumer spending growth as households adjust to the new world order of very low wage growth. On that front, wages growth actually picked up in the quarter, but growth in unit labour costs remains negligible, which suggests that inflation is likely to stay low. On this whole, this confirms our view that the RBA is on hold for some time. Paul Dales, Capital Economics: The small 0.3% q/q rise in GDP in the first quarter won't worry the RBA too much as some of it was due to the temporary influence of the severe weather. Nonetheless, we believe that GDP growth will be weaker than the RBA expects both this year and next, although that probably still won't prompt it to cut interest rates further. More generally, the 4.3% q/q rise in mining investment was the first since 2013 and is an encouraging sign that we are getting close to the end of the mining bust. Paul Bloxham, HSBC: The key challenge remains that, although corporate profits and nominal GDP have picked up, largely driven by the rise in commodity prices, this has yet to show up in wages growth. Compensation of employees rose in Q1, following a fall in Q4 2016, but is still running at a weak 1.5% y-o-y. At this stage there is little evidence of the boost to national incomes is flowing through to households. However, history suggests that it will. Yesterday's decision to lift the minimum wage by more than in previous rounds may very well be the first sign of this starting to happen. Rahul Bajoria, Barclays: Despite the slowdown in growth, there are a few positive takeaways for policymakers in today's GDP print. First, growth in household income, which has been a key focus, rebounded in Q1, despite a decline in hours worked and anemic wage growth. Second, private non-mining business investment expanded for the first time in more than 11 quarters, supporting the RBA's view that the mining-related adjustment in capex is coming close to an end. Finally, the strong revival of nominal GDP growth is a positive for national income and should have positive spillovers for both the public sector and, eventually, households.  Su-Lin Ong, RBC Capital Markets: Digging through the accounts, we would make a few observations. Firstly, the weaker real vs. stronger nominal/income story largely reflects upside surprises to commodity prices for much of the period since mid 2016 and is unlikely to continue. Secondly, the gain in national income remains very much skewed toward corporates. Thirdly, the composition of domestic demand in Q1 hints at a profile further into 2017 and more so in 2018, which likely shifts away from residential construction, which has been a key contributor to both growth and employment. Fourth, the wage, consumption, and household savings dynamics remain worrying. And finally, the persistently weak trend in unit labour costs, which are the key driver of non-tradable inflation and feed into the inflation outlook over the next 4-6 quarters, suggests that the risk lies in core inflation staying below the floor of the RBA's 2-3% target range for longer.  Craig James, CommSec: The Australian economy has had to contend with a lot of factors in the past year – geopolitics, weather events, the on-going unwinding of the mining construction boom and variable housing markets. So economic growth has trekked a zig-zag path. But importantly the record expansion remains on track. Especially positive is the health of the business sector with business conditions the best in nine years. The hope is that employment and investment will continue to lift, maintaining economic momentum. Ben Jarman, JPMorgan: The 1Q national accounts add to the string of data on the activity side showing that the economy is below trend and will not be reducing excess capacity soon. With the household sector subject to further headwinds from rising interest servicing costs, the pressure on the RBA's 3% and above GDP forecast continues to mount. Riki Polygenis, NAB: Today's data are consistent with monetary policy remaining on hold. The RBA will look through the volatility in GDP, however mixed labour market outcomes and weak wages and inflation data will prevent any hike. Meanwhile, there is tentative evidence that macroprudential and policy changes are leading to a softening in dwelling price growth, which will help to mitigate economic risks associated with rising household debt levels should it continue. Back to top 1:36pm on 7 Jun 2017 The tide has well and truly turned on Blackmores, the vitamins group, with its shares sliding today to $90, a level not seen since August 2015. Just in case you've forgotten, the shares hit a peak of $220.90 at the start of 2016, as optimism over Chinese demand for its products was at its highs. Since then, the shares have suffered a severe reality check although earlier in the week Morningstar reminded clients the slide in the share price to below $101 put them firmly within its 'accumulate' zone. It remains keen on Blackmore's leverage to Asian demand. Shares are down about 3 per cent at $89.64, after earlier dropping to $88.18. 1:35pm on 7 Jun 2017 And here is a round-up of the day's action so far on the ASX:   1:20pm on 7 Jun 2017 Citi analysts have branded the private equity offer for Vocus at $3.50 a share "an opportunistic offer based on depressed earnings". They estimate the KKR bid values the telco on an enterprise-value-to-EBITDA ratio of 8, and a P/E of 13.3. "However, we do not believe that our FY18 estimate is reflective of a normalised performance of the business," they write. "In our view, it will take more than 12 months to get Vocus back on track, and if Vocus had been able to maintain the sales of the pre-merger businesses, and extract just half of the synergies management had expected, earnings would be closer to $435m (our FY19 estimate)." On those, more "normal" earnings estimates, the KKR bid values the company at an EV/EBITDA of 7.4. Still, the offer is above Citi's current valuation of $3.40 per share. And the market had pushed the share price 20 per cent higher today to $3.41. The Citi analysts conclude: Given the highly conditional nature of the preliminary offer, we think this is unlikely to be sufficient for VOC to grant due diligence. With the current share price depressed due to recent earnings downgrades and capex commitments bringing debt covenants into play, in our view the key motivation is the opportunity to buy underperforming assets at an attractive price. Geoff Horth, CEO of Vocus. Photo: NIC_WALKER 1:06pm on 7 Jun 2017 Illustration: Matt Golding.  Deepening concerns that public investors in Murray Goulburn will bear the brunt of the costs of the planned restructure of the milk processor saw units in the co-operative pushed to new lows. In late morning trading, units in Murray Goulburn were down 15 per cent at 62c, a new all-time low. That followed a 12 per cent dive on Tuesday, when the company signalled a deeper than expected restructuring. The stock is now trading well below its 2015 float price of $2.10. The latest restructuring may see the company's profit sharing mechanism and the payout ratio altered, which will see much of the milk processors' woes borne by investors, analysts warned.  Bell Potter warned clients the foreshadowed comprehensive strategic review "is extremely ambiguous and could mean anything from collapsing the existing corporate structure to announcing a shift in the profit sharing mechanism and payout ratio (to retain capital)". "In our view the strategic review possess a material risk to the current earnings model, creating material uncertainty around any earnings and dividend forecasts in FY18-19." Even though the turn in the dairy cycle should favour investing in Murray Goulburn's units, there is "limited visibility on the possible effect the strategic review", the analyst warned. "We are therefore cautious [Murray Goulburn] will not provide investors with the same operating leverage to a rising [milk price] that it currently does under the profit sharing mechanism and reflect this risk in both our target price and rating," the analyst said as he cut to 'hold' from 'buy' his rating for the shares, while slashing to 73c from $1.11 the price target. 12:41pm on 7 Jun 2017 It's getting to that time of year when fast money fund managers and trading desks go looking for reporting season surprises.  Macquarie analysts weighed into the debate this morning, running the numbers on the last reported franking credit balances of Australian stocks.  Perennial table-toppers BHP and Rio Tinto were carrying the most franking credits as at their most recent financial year end on an absolute basis. Macquarie noted that both companies make most of their earnings in Australia, however their dual-listings meant only a partial payout of franking credits. In terms of surprises, Macquarie analysts said Westpac had grown its franking balance strongly, while Newcrest Mining's had been in retreat since 2013.  The analysts said Salmat had the highest franking balance as a proportion of its market capitalisation.  Franking credits, which are created when company's pay tax in Australia and can pass that benefit on to Australian shareholders, are one factor that can spur a company to pursue capital management and return those credits to shareholders in the form of off-market buybacks or special dividends.  Franking credits of Austraian listed companies as a percentage of market capitalisation, according to Macquarie analysts.   Back to top 12:23pm on 7 Jun 2017 Qantas's share price, which has risen meteorically this year, will continue to "look after itself" as long as the airline sticks to its cost-cutting targets and delivers consistent earnings, chief executive Alan Joyce says. Mr Joyce said constant reinvention was needed to remain competitive and profitable in the tight-margin industry, even as Qantas finishes a three-year cost-cutting drive to save $2 billion and grows more popular with investors. The airline is now trying to save $400 million a year in further cost cutting.  "Three years ago we said we would deliver on $2 billion in transformation, and we've now given ourselves our targets for the next three years and  management's focused on delivering on that," Mr Joyce said from the sidelines of the International Air Transportation Association's annual general meeting in Cancun, Mexico. "When we deliver on that, the share price will certainly look after itself." Qantas' share price has risen almost 60 per cent in the past six months, from $3.34 on January 1 to $5.09 on Wednesday.  A bullish forecast at an investor day in May further encouraged the market and saw Moody's up its credit rating. Major savings will come from the first of its Boeing 787-9s, which are more fuel efficient and have lower operating costs than the 747s they will replace, Mr Joyce said.  The first Qantas 787 will start flying Melbourne to LA in December, with the second to pick up the new non-stop service between London and Perth from March. That new Kangaroo Route will start in Melbourne and replace Qantas' existing Melbourne to London service, which operates on A380s and stops in Dubai. Read more. Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce. Photo: Andrew Meares 12:03pm on 7 Jun 2017 And here are some of the hot takes from the Twitterverse: Relief...Aust Q1 GDP +0.3%qoq. Makes 103 quarters without recession, matching Netherlands record..— Shane Oliver (@ShaneOliverAMP) June 7, 2017 Real GDP data in line at 0.3%qoq & 1.7%yoy, need a ~0.5%qoq result for Q2 to hit the lower bound of RBA's SMP forecast, very do-able #ausbiz— Alex Joiner (@IFM_Economist) June 7, 2017 Yes, we are not quite the new "no recession" record holders:     The Netherlands experienced a technical recession in 2003- so Australia is ahead of them but behind post war Japan https://t.co/uhyr7a6q99— Jamie Smyth (@JamieSmythF) June 7, 2017   And while the GDP figure wasn't as bad as we feared (remember there were a few economists predicting a negative print), it wasn't all sunshine and lollipops: We're saving a LOT less. Throw in a bit of wages growth and Australia'd actually be on the brink of having a healthy economy. pic.twitter.com/tqoEQWcm1N— Jason Murphy (@jasemurphy) June 7, 2017 On an annual basis, GDP per capita hasn't been above 2% since June 2012, below 1% for last 3 quarters.— Cameron Kusher (@cmkusher) June 7, 2017 If Australia's economy was a V8 engine... it's only running on about 4 cylinders right now. Not sure what the RBA are seeing. Rose tints!— MM (@macromusing) June 7, 2017 11:32am on 7 Jun 2017 GDP numbers have come in pretty much as predicted, but there's not denying the economy slowed sharply in the first quarter, as consumers cut spending and resources export volumes were hit by bad weather. Gross domestic product rose just 0.3 per cent in the March quarter from the previous three months, when it climbed by 1.1 per cent. Year-on-year growth slowed to 1.7 per cent, from 2.4 per cent. Economists had forecast growth of 0.3 per cent and 1.6 per cent respectively. The Aussie bounced about a third of a cent to a fresh one-month high of US75.29¢, as traders had been bracing for a disappointment. 11:22am on 7 Jun 2017 Ignore the fanfare, the Adani coal mine is no closer to lift-off, writes BusinessDay columnist Elizabeth Knight: In the real world of finance, listed companies must adhere to strict rules on disclosure. Indian conglomerate Adani isn't covered by these rules but, if it were, Tuesday's media release headline – Adani Project gets green light – would be misleading to say the least. It seems the $16 billion, highly controversial Carmichael coal mine is no closer to lift-off than it was last month, or last year, and, it can be argued, it has not progressed that far beyond where it was even five years ago. It was merely an announcement that Adani wanted the project to go ahead. But, realistically, that is only one hurdle this project faces. Finding the finance for it is a bigger issue and one that cannot be addressed with a media release. Yes, there was a media conference in northern Queensland and, yes, federal and state politicians turned up for the photo opportunity as a show of support for a new mine and rail line that would create jobs. But not even a sod of earth was turned. Meanwhile, a far more reliable indication of whether Tuesday's announcement should be taken seriously can be found in the response to Downer EDI's share price. This is the company Adani said on Tuesday had been given the very large and valuable contract to build the mine. The share price didn't move. Indeed, Downer, which is subject to ASX disclosure laws, released a far more circumspect statement in which it said the "letter of award [of the Adani contract] continues to be subject to the parties executing a binding mining services contract". In other words, the contracts with Downer and others Adani had earmarked as being parties to this giant project were all hostage to the project actually going ahead. And that requires financing, which Adani still does not have. And the fact that Adani wants to source steel from the bankrupt Whyalla Arrium steelworks means little if its Carmichael mine cannot get finance. Read more here. Gautam Adani and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.   11:13am on 7 Jun 2017 Heads up: we get first-quarter GDP numbers in about 20 minutes. Economists have been busily revising their forecasts down, with consensus at 0.3 per cent quarterly growth and 1.6 per cent annual growth, according to the latest Bloomberg survey. But after yesterday's disappointing GDP partials government spending and net exports, which will both weigh on the final number, it's quite possible that the 'whisper numbers' doing the rounds among traders are actually lower than the consensus estimate.  Many economists resist revising their forecasts too many times and quite possibly held off from a final downgrade yesterday following the partials. Plus, after the RBA yesterday downplayed the likely softness for Q1, any reaction in the Australian dollar will likely be muted.  Still, a negative reading is unlikely to resound well with traders, and could well pull the Aussie back below US75¢. One thing to look out for is annual change in unit labour costs, which is likely to remain in negative territory. "This ongoing weakness in unit labour costs will continue to feed through to lower inflation and puts a question mark over the RBA's view that inflation is likely to accelerate back into the 2–3% target band over the next couple of years," says ANZ's Daniel Been.  NAB is on the bearish side of forecasts, predicting quarterly GDP slipped 0.1 per cent.  Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 140 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell ASX snaps losing streak as CSL soars Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Investors should be 'crossing their fingers' as risk rises Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/merrill-lynch-makes-final-recruiting-splash-1496764143 Things to Know Merrill Lynch Makes Final Recruiting Splash June 6, 2017 11:49 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Illustration: Getty Images Just before a self-imposed recruiting pause set in, Merrill Lynch made at least three multibillion-dollar hires from its biggest rivals. So reports The Wall Street Journal. Merrill said it recently recruited five brokers from UBS who oversaw $4.3 billion for clients, and two others who managed more than $1.1 billion from J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.’s private bank. Get the best of Barron's Advisor Center every weekday. By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. I'd like to receive updates and special offers from Dow Jones and affiliates. Email address is not valid. Agree to the policies to sign up. Subscribe Congratulations! You have been subscribed to our daily Barron’s Advisor Center newsletter Newsletters will start being sent to you within 48 hours. Review our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. The hires came just before Merrill instituted a moratorium on broker recruiting on June 1. Merrill told broker managers last month that it would develop a new incentive package to court the industry’s biggest brokers and test a pilot program focused on hiring brokers with three to five years of experience. Brokers already in talks to join Merrill weren’t affected by the decision. A Merrill spokeswoman declined to say how many brokers were hired altogether before the pause. Merrill, UBS and Morgan Stanley have all pledged to step back from aggressively recruiting brokers. Executives had called the practice costly because of the hefty checks—sometimes reaching more than three times the fees and commissions a broker generates—brokers commanded for moving their practices. Today in Advisor Center Study: Stock Avoidance Is Hardwired Among Millionaire Investors, Confidence Falls Supreme Court Reins In SEC Power Text Size Regular Medium Large Most Popular Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller The Market Shows Relief Over Comey Testimony India IT: Heads Up … Layoffs Ahead Alibaba Analyst Meeting Day One: Targets 45% – 49% Revenue Growth, Renames Key Metrics Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
null
null
Thursday, June 8, 2017 Login Subscribe Legal ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Cannabis Culture Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Survey: Top CEOs still back some Trump priorities       Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, pictured November 2, 2011, in Seattle, Washington, says he's optimistic the country will rebound economically as he talked with reporters about his perspective on Occupy Wall Street, foreclosures and much more. (Dean Rutz/Seattle Times/TNS)   By Josh Boak The Associated Press June 7, 2017   Today’s Business stories BMW enters car-sharing niche 5 big tech stocks build market euphoria, and jitters Oregon onion industry faces challenging times Lowe’s to lay off about 125 workers, move jobs to India Ford increasing summer production of SUVs More Business »   WASHINGTON — Leading U.S. CEOs remain supportive of some of President Trump’s policy initiatives despite his still-hazy plan for cutting taxes and recent actions by Trump that have intensified attention on federal investigations of his campaign. The Business Roundtable, a trade association for CEOs, said Tuesday that the executives’ economic outlook has reached its highest level in three years — a reading of 93.9, which suggests continued economic growth. The association found in its survey of CEOs that plans for capital investment rose 4.6 percentage points since the first quarter, while sales expectations increased 0.5 percentage point. Still, the executives’ hiring plans for the next six months suggested a potential slowdown. Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase and chairman of the roundtable, suggested that the results reflect confidence in the prospect for overhauling taxes and in the administration’s “commitment to creating a more favorable regulatory environment.” Dimon, speaking on a conference call with reporters, said “the urgency for tax reform couldn’t be overstated.” The roundtable has been advocating lower corporate tax rates and a shift toward a territorial tax system, whereby companies would pay only on the income earned in each country. A majority of the organization’s members have said they would delay hiring and investment plans if the tax overhaul pledged by Trump and congressional Republicans became stalled. The Trump administration has released only a one-page outline of general principles on taxes, which stress lower rates for business and personal income. But its outline was so vague on key details as to raise doubts about the viability of rewriting the tax code this year while also passing a budget, raising the federal debt limit and overturning the federal health care law. Much of Trump’s attention in recent weeks has been focused on the investigations being conducted of his presidential campaign, including by Robert Mueller, a special counsel. Mueller was appointed after Trump fired the FBI director, James Comey, who was looking into ties between Russia and Trump’s campaign. Comey is to testify Thursday on Capitol Hill. Josh Bolten, a former White House chief of staff who is president and CEO of the round­table, acknowledged that issues that distract from the administration’s policy agenda remain a concern but that the organization’s survey results are a sign of “ongoing optimism for tax and regulatory changes.” More Business articles »     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business BMW enters car-sharing niche Business 5 big tech stocks build market euphoria, and jitters Business Oregon onion industry faces challenging times Business Consumers increased borrowing by smallest amount since 2011 Business Lowe’s to lay off about 125 workers, move jobs to India Business Ford increasing summer production of SUVs Business Briefly Nation     Business Business BMW enters car-sharing niche SEATTLE — On a recent overcast afternoon in this city’s Belltown neighborhood, a driver pulled up in a gleaming new BMW X1 sport utility vehicle just a few minutes after a few swipes of a … 5 big tech stocks build market euphoria, and jitters Oregon onion industry faces challenging times Consumers increased borrowing by smallest amount since 2011 More Business » Arts Visual Arts See (and hear) her story: JSMA exhibit features portraits of disabled women activists “Brilliant and Resilient: Celebrating the Power of Disabled Women Activists” opens Saturday and runs through Aug. 27 Three extraordinary photographers. Fifty disabled women activists. A world ready for change. That’s the backbone of the Jordan Schnitzer Museum of Art’s new touring exhibit, “Brilliant And Resilient: Celebrating the Power of Disabled Women Activists.” … Wordcrafters seeking comic writers for latest ‘Step Into’ project Eugene Symphony Guild to host ‘Music in the Garden’; Cottage Theatre to present ‘The Importance of Being Earnest’ UO dance students to showcase new works; Musicking to give free performance More Arts » Weekend Out and About Stretch the imagination Sit back, relax to enjoy impressive season of outdoor concerts, movies, plays Mild summer nights, even during the work week, are the only excuse most of us need to pack a picnic dinner, grab a few blankets and head to our neighborhood parks to enjoy a truly … Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, June 10-11 Structured playtime Patio décor sets free-spirited tone More Weekend »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. Announces Certain Details of Contemplated Caesars Palace Las Vegas Financing as Part of Plans for Emergence News provided by Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. 06 Jun, 2017, 21:26 ET Share this article LAS VEGAS, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. and its Chapter 11 debtor subsidiaries (collectively, "CEOC") have engaged certain financial institutions to act as lead arrangers for a new-money financing for the to-be-formed REIT in conjunction with CEOC's emergence from chapter 11 pursuant to the terms of its confirmed plan of reorganization. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("J.P. Morgan") and Barclays Capital Inc., ("Barclays") (together the "Lead Arrangers") are intending to solicit indications for up to $2.2 billion of proceeds to refinance the fee and leasehold interests in Caesars Palace Las Vegas ("CPLV"), an iconic, world class, 3,974 room full-service luxury resort and casino located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip.  The proceeds from this new-money financing will be used to repay CEOC's existing indebtedness in accordance with the terms of CEOC's plan of reorganization. Further details on the financing and certain background financial information can be found on the CEOC Restructuring Website (http://www.ceocrestructuring.com). About Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc.  Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. ("CEOC"), a majority owned subsidiary of Caesars Entertainment Corporation, provides casino entertainment services and owns, operates or manages 37 gaming and resort properties in 14 states of the United States and internationally primarily under the Caesars, Harrah's and Horseshoe brand names. CEOC is focused on building customer loyalty through providing its guests with a combination of great service, excellent products, unsurpassed distribution, operational excellence and technology leadership as well as all the advantages of the Total Rewards program. CEOC also is committed to environmental sustainability and energy conservation, and recognizes the importance of being a responsible steward of the environment. Contact:  Michael Freitag / Aaron Palash  Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher  212-355-4449 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/caesars-entertainment-operating-company-inc-announces-certain-details-of-contemplated-caesars-palace-las-vegas-financing-as-part-of-plans-for-emergence-300469943.html SOURCE Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. 18 May, 2016, 14:35 ET Preview: Caesars Entertainment Operating Co. Files Amended Plan of Reorganization and Disclosure Statement My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. Announces Certain Details of Contemplated Caesars Palace Las Vegas Financing as Part of Plans for Emergence News provided by Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. 06 Jun, 2017, 21:26 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 21,184 +10.74 +0.05% Nasdaq 6,294 -3.10 -0.05% S&P 500 2,433 -0.49 -0.02% 10:03 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin U.S. stocks cough up early gains but not before Nasdaq notches intraday record Home Press Release Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. Announces Certain Details of Contemplated Caesars Palace Las Vegas Financing as Part of Plans for Emergence By Published: June 6, 2017 9:26 p.m. ET Share LAS VEGAS, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. and its Chapter 11 debtor subsidiaries (collectively, "CEOC") have engaged certain financial institutions to act as lead arrangers for a new-money financing for the to-be-formed REIT in conjunction with CEOC's emergence from chapter 11 pursuant to the terms of its confirmed plan of reorganization. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("J.P. Morgan") and Barclays Capital Inc., ("Barclays") (together the "Lead Arrangers") are intending to solicit indications for up to $2.2 billion of proceeds to refinance the fee and leasehold interests in Caesars Palace Las Vegas ("CPLV"), an iconic, world class, 3,974 room full-service luxury resort and casino located in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip.  The proceeds from this new-money financing will be used to repay CEOC's existing indebtedness in accordance with the terms of CEOC's plan of reorganization. Further details on the financing and certain background financial information can be found on the CEOC Restructuring Website (http://www.ceocrestructuring.com). About Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc.  Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. ("CEOC"), a majority owned subsidiary of Caesars Entertainment Corporation, provides casino entertainment services and owns, operates or manages 37 gaming and resort properties in 14 states of the United States and internationally primarily under the Caesars, Harrah's and Horseshoe brand names. CEOC is focused on building customer loyalty through providing its guests with a combination of great service, excellent products, unsurpassed distribution, operational excellence and technology leadership as well as all the advantages of the Total Rewards program. CEOC also is committed to environmental sustainability and energy conservation, and recognizes the importance of being a responsible steward of the environment. Contact:  Michael Freitag / Aaron Palash  Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher  212-355-4449 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/caesars-entertainment-operating-company-inc-announces-certain-details-of-contemplated-caesars-palace-las-vegas-financing-as-part-of-plans-for-emergence-300469943.html SOURCE Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, Inc. Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved From MarketWatch More Coverage This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination This is how many drinks a week is bad for your brain U.K. election: The worst, best and most likely scenarios for stocks worldwide Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi CalAtlantic Group, Inc. Announces Upsizing and Pricing of $350 Million of Senior Notes Due 2027 News provided by CalAtlantic Group, Inc. 06 Jun, 2017, 17:44 ET Share this article ARLINGTON, Va., June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (NYSE: CAA) today announced the pricing of its previously announced public offering of its senior notes and an increase in the amount of the offering to $350 million aggregate principal amount of the notes.  Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, BofA Merrill Lynch, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as joint bookrunning managers for the notes offering. The notes will pay interest semi-annually in arrears at a rate of 5.000% per year and will mature on June 15, 2027, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased. The notes will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company's subsidiaries that guarantee the Company's outstanding notes. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the notes offering for general corporate purposes, which may include acquisition of land or other home building companies, land development, home construction, repurchases of the Company's common stock and repayment or repurchases of the Company's debt, including the repayment or repurchase of the Company's 1.25% Senior Convertible Notes due August 2032.  The closing of the notes offering is expected to occur on June 9, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company has an effective registration statement (including a prospectus and a preliminary prospectus supplement for the offering to which this communication relates) on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement (including the preliminary prospectus supplement for the offering to which this communication relates) and other documents the Company has filed and will file with the SEC for more complete information about the Company and the offering.  You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC web site at www.sec.gov.  Alternatively, copies of the prospectus supplement and related base prospectus related to this offering may be obtained from Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at 1-800-831-9146. This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About CalAtlantic Group, Inc. CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (NYSE: CAA) offers homes in 41 Metropolitan Statistical Areas spanning 17 states. This news release contains forward-looking statements.  These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the expected closing of the offering and the intended use of the net proceeds from the offering.  Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations or beliefs regarding future events or circumstances, and you should not place undue reliance on these statements.  Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors many of which are out of the Company's control and difficult to forecast that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be described or implied.  The Company cannot be certain that the offering will be completed on the terms discussed above, or at all.  For a discussion of certain other risks, uncertainties and other factors affecting the statements contained in this news release, see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.  Except as required by law, the Company assumes no, and hereby disclaims any, obligation to update any of the foregoing or any other forward-looking statements.  The Company nonetheless reserves the right to make such updates from time to time by press release, periodic report or other method of public disclosure without the need for specific reference to this news release.  No such update shall be deemed to indicate that other statements not addressed by such update remain correct or create an obligation to provide any other updates.  Contact: Jeff McCall, EVP & CFO (240) 532-3888, jeff.mccall@calatl.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/calatlantic-group-inc-announces-upsizing-and-pricing-of-350-million-of-senior-notes-due-2027-300469864.html SOURCE CalAtlantic Group, Inc. Related Links http://www.calatlantichomes.com 07 Jun, 2017, 16:09 ET Preview: CalAtlantic Group, Inc. Announces Secondary Common Stock Offering By MP CA Homes LLC And Proposed Repurchase Of Common Stock 06 Jun, 2017, 08:51 ET Preview: CalAtlantic Group, Inc. Announces Proposed Offering of $300 Million of Senior Notes Due 2027 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06 Jun, 2017, 08:51 ET CalAtlantic Group, Inc. Announces Secondary Common Stock Offering... 06 Jun, 2017, 08:51 ET CalAtlantic Group, Inc. Announces Proposed Offering of $300... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Real Estate Residential Real Estate Stock Offering You just read: CalAtlantic Group, Inc. Announces Upsizing and Pricing of $350 Million of Senior Notes Due 2027 News provided by CalAtlantic Group, Inc. 06 Jun, 2017, 17:44 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
null
SUBSCRIBE NOW$.56 a week Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 8 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Top CEOs hopeful about Trump tax cuts Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, said “the urgency for tax reform couldn’t be overstated.” Post to Facebook Top CEOs hopeful about Trump tax cuts Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, said “the urgency for tax reform couldn’t be overstated.”  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2rSoBwi {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Top CEOs hopeful about Trump tax cuts Josh Boak, Associated Press 8:18 p.m. ET June 6, 2017 Co-founder and CEO of Via Daniel Ramot is interviewed on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday. (Photo: Richard Drew / AP) 8 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Washington — Leading U.S. CEOs remain supportive of some of President Donald Trump’s policy initiatives despite his still-hazy plan for cutting taxes and recent actions by Trump that have intensified attention on federal investigations of his campaign. The Business Roundtable, a trade association for CEOs, said Tuesday that the executives’ economic outlook has reached its highest level in three years — a reading of 93.9, which suggests continued economic growth. The association found in its survey of CEOs that plans for capital investment rose 4.6 percentage points since the first quarter, while sales expectations increased 0.5 percentage point. Still, the executives’ hiring plans for the next six months suggested a potential slowdown. Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase and chairman of the roundtable, suggested that the results reflect confidence in the prospect for overhauling taxes and in the administration’s “commitment to creating a more favorable regulatory environment.” Dimon, speaking on a conference call with reporters, said “the urgency for tax reform couldn’t be overstated.” The roundtable has been advocating lower corporate tax rates and a shift toward a territorial tax system, whereby companies would pay only on the income earned in each country. A majority of the organization’s members have said they would delay hiring and investment plans if the tax overhaul pledged by Trump and congressional Republicans became stalled. The Trump administration has released only a one-page outline of general principles on taxes, which stress lower rates for business and personal income. But its outline was so vague on key details as to raise doubts about the viability of rewriting the tax code this year while also passing a budget, raising the federal debt limit and overturning the federal health care law. Much of Trump’s attention in recent weeks has been focused on the investigations being conducted of his presidential campaign, including by Robert Mueller, a special counsel. Mueller was appointed after Trump fired the FBI director, James Comey, who was looking into ties between Russia and Trump’s campaign. Comey is to testify Thursday on Capitol Hill. Josh Bolten, a former White House chief of staff who is president and CEO of the roundtable, said the organization’s survey results are a sign of “ongoing optimism for tax and regulatory changes.” 8 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2rSoBwi TOP VIDEOS Henry Payne goes zero to sixty in the 2017 Chevy Bolt EV 1:34 Impressions of Wednesday's Mackinac Conference 6:41 Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: This Is Bad News for Bank Stocks Long-term interest rates are coming down, which could weigh on big bank stocks. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Jun 6, 2017 at 7:40PM When Donald Trump won the presidential election in November, the unexpected outcome reverberated through the markets. Equities climbed, bonds fell, and the so-called fear index, the VIX, began its descent to today's eerily low level. Few sectors in the stock market benefited from these trends as much as banks did, and the big banks in particular, including JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), and Citigroup (NYSE:C). All of these stocks have handily outperformed the broader market since the beginning of November: BAC data by YCharts. The rationale for this performance has been threefold. First, Trump vowed on the campaign trail to dismantle the Dodd-Frank Act, which was passed in 2010 to combat the abuses that fueled the financial crisis. This would lower compliance costs at banks, and none more so than the too big to fail lenders like JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup, all of which face heightened regulatory scrutiny under Dodd-Frank given their status as global systemically important banks, or G-SIBs. Second, Trump also promised to lower the corporate tax rate, from 35% down to 15%. There are short-term downsides to lower taxes from the perspective of Bank of America and Citigroup in particular, as a result of deferred tax assets (click on the link to learn more), but over the long run a 15% corporate income tax rate would allow banks like these to retain or distribute billions more in profits every year as opposed to giving that money to the government. Bank of America would emerge with somewhere around $3.5 billion in added net income, holding all else equal. JPMorgan Chase would save roughly $4.3 billion. Citigroup's benefit would come in at approximately $3.2 billion. Finally, Trump's promise to pour money into infrastructure projects, combined with other initiatives, could spur inflation, which would presumably prod the Federal Reserve into raising interest rates. In the immediate wake of the election, in fact, that's exactly what happened, with the yield on 10-year Treasury bonds gaining nearly 100 basis points, or 1 full percentage point. That's a huge move given the size of the market for 10-year Treasuries. 10 Year Treasury Rate data by YCharts. The Fed followed this up in December and March by increasing the Fed funds rate, which is the key short-term interest rate benchmark in the United States, by a combined 50 basis points. These moves have already translated into substantially more profit at JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and virtually every other bank in country. The 25-basis-point boost in December alone increased Bank of America's net interest income by just under $600 million a quarter. The further increase in March of this year should add another $150 million a quarter in net interest income. The bad news for banks now, however, is that interest rates are heading in the opposite direction. The yield on 10-year Treasuries is currently at its lowest point of the year, as investors flood into what many perceive to be the world's safest asset. And assuming that things continue to heat up in Washington, D.C., which seems like a safe assumption, this could get even worse. The net result is that banks' previous forecasts for higher revenue from net interest income may need to be tempered. And if that does turn out to be the case, then investors shouldn't be surprised to see the news weigh on big bank stocks. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 7:40PM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $62.50 up $0.62 (1.00%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.93 up $0.34 (1.48%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $85.02 up $1.11 (1.32%) Read More A Very Interesting Chart About Bank Stocks This Chart Perfectly Captures Bank of America’s Progress Since 2008 After Today, Bank of America Stock Could Soon Be a Buy Again Bank of America Wants to Buy Back a Lot of Stock Bank Stocks Are Over the Trump Bump Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current This Is Bad News for Bank Stocks @themotleyfool #stocks $C, $BAC, $JPM
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits Opinion Classifieds Search Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service News Spokane Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana WA Government ID Government Sports Outdoors Gonzaga basketball WSU football EWU basketball EWU football Gonzaga women High school sports Seattle Mariners Seattle Seahawks Seattle Sounders Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Spokane Indians UW basketball UW football Vandals basketball Vandals football Whitworth WSU football Arts and Entertainment A&E Art Books Beer/Drinks Cooking Dining Entertainment Dorothy Dean Features Food Home and garden Home Movies Music Pop culture Seven Stage The Slice Travel Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Know Spokane data.spokesman.com Photos Reader Photos Blogs Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Spokane Jobs Spokane Autos Public Records Brides Births Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Advertising inserts Close Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business Trump picks former CEO of OneWest Bank for key financial regulatory post UPDATED: Tue., June 6, 2017, 4:55 p.m. By Jim Puzzanghera and James Rufus Koren Los Angeles Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump intends to nominate Joseph Otting, the former chief executive of OneWest Bank and an ally of Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, to a key financial regulatory position. The move drew fire from consumer advocates and a key Senate Democrat, who pointed out that Otting would be in a position of overseeing banks even though one he ran was scolded by regulators for its conduct during the financial crisis. Otting is being tapped to be the comptroller of the currency, a powerful regulator who oversees federally chartered banks, the White House announced Monday. Those include the banking arms of some of the larger financial institutions in the country, including JP Morgan Chase & Co. and Wells Fargo & Co. His role with Pasadena, Calif.-based OneWest, which has been criticized for its foreclosure practices, made Otting’s nomination concerning, said Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio. “If Mr. Otting didn’t deal fairly with the customers at his own bank, it’s difficult to see why he’s the best choice to look out for the interests of customers at more than 1,400 banks and thrifts across the country,” he said. Brown is the top Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee, which must confirm the nomination. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which is an independent bureau of the Treasury Department, was a pivotal player in the $185 million settlement last year with Wells Fargo involving its creation of unauthorized accounts. Otting would replace Keith Noreika, a banking industry lawyer whom Trump appointed last month as acting comptroller of the currency to replace Thomas Curry after his five-year term expired. Otting’s nomination is likely to revive Democratic criticisms of Mnuchin regarding the practices of OneWest Bank. They were a key factor in Mnuchin’s narrow 53-47 confirmation in February, the slimmest margin ever for a Treasury secretary. In 2009, Mnuchin led a group of investors who put up about $1.6 billion to buy the failed IndyMac bank, a leading subprime mortgage lender, and renamed it OneWest. Otting was hired as OneWest’s chief executive the following year. Mnuchin served as the bank’s chairman from 2009-15. Democrats accused the bank of being “a foreclosure machine” that helped Mnuchin profit from the 2008 financial crisis, which left many homeowners unable to make their mortgage payments. The bank was sold to CIT Group in 2015 for $3.4 billion. Mnuchin denied the allegations, saying the bank was trying to deal with IndyMac’s poor mortgage portfolio. Nevertheless, the Office of Thrift Supervision, a savings-and-loan regulator that merged into the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, chided the bank for its practices during Mnuchin’s ownership and Otting’s leadership. In 2011, the agency said in a regulatory order that OneWest had engaged in robo-signing – the practice of having workers sign mortgage- and foreclosure-related documents without reviewing them or verifying they were accurate. “The president’s choice for watchdog of America’s largest banks is someone who signed a consent order – over shady foreclosure practices – with the very agency he’s been selected to run,” Brown noted. Like acting Comptroller Noreika, the previous five comptrollers have all been lawyers, and most have a record of public service. Curry, whom Noreika replaced, was a state bank overseer in Massachusetts and a director of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. before being appointed as comptroller in 2011. Curry’s predecessors, John Dugan and John Hawke Jr., were both attorneys who had worked in private practice as well as for the Treasury Department and for congressional committees, according to the OCC, which maintains a list of all former comptrollers. Otting, by contrast, has no record of government service and has spent his career in commercial banking. If approved, he would be the first former top bank executive to lead the bank regulatory agency in nearly a century. That troubles some critics, who say putting Otting atop the regulatory agency would amount to allowing banks to regulate themselves. “Are bank regulators there to work for the banks, or are they there to ensure banks are safe and sound and not risking the economy?” said Paulina Gonzalez, executive director of the California Reinvestment Coalition and a vocal critic of OneWest. “Putting Joseph Otting in this position is risking the livelihood of everyday Americans.” Bartlett Naylor, financial policy advocate at Public Citizen, a public interest group, said Trump showed he doesn’t care about victims of the financial crisis. And Naylor said Otting’s relationship with Mnuchin raised ethical questions. “Will Otting be independent of political interests from the president’s Treasury secretary? Or will he reprise his role as Mnuchin’s employee?” Naylor said. Otting would fit in with the Trump administration’s preference for appointees that come from the business world rather than from Washington. Mnuchin, too, lacks the inside-the-Beltway experience shared by most of his predecessors. Treasury secretaries appointed by Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush all worked for the federal government at some point in their careers. But while Mnuchin is a creature of Wall Street – he is the son of a former Goldman Sachs partner and spent 17 years at that firm – Otting is a classic main-street banker. He spent the bulk of his career in the business lending divisions of Union Bank and US Bancorp. Lloyd Greif, a longtime L.A. investment banker, said he’s known Otting since his days at Union Bank and that Otting’s experience makes him a shoo-in for comptroller. “He’s been at community banks, he’s been at money center banks – he has the experience that really spans the gamut,” Greif said. “Steve (Mnuchin) is a Wall Streeter, but Joseph is a dyed-in-the-wool commercial banker.” ( Updated: June 6, 2017, 4:55 p.m.  Tags: Donald Trump, Joseph Otting, OneWest Bank Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Argonne Road now open after crash near Stoneman Road … Park Board to vote Thursday on removing pledge to re-cover Riverfront Park Pavilion … Spokane County’s insurer offers $2.25 million settlement to three men wrongfully convicted of robber … Spokane city prosecutor running for municipal court judge seat arrested Sunday after allegedly drivi … Spokane Police investigate Homeland Security contractor for alleged rape and burglary … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Could Direct Primary Care Be a Key Part in Solving America’s Health Care Crisis? - 06/08/2017 - Yves Smith Links 6/8/17 - 06/08/2017 - Lambert Strether EU Competition Commissioner Vestager Targets Unaccountable Facebook Algos as Threat at Launch of New “Pro-Democracy” Movement - 06/08/2017 - Yves Smith JP Morgan Slashes Its 2018 Oil Price Forecast By $11 - 06/08/2017 - Yves Smith Final UK Election Polls: YouGov Still the Outlier, Predicts Tories Get Only 302 Seats - 06/08/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 6/7/2017 - 06/07/2017 - Lambert Strether For ‘Easy Brexit’: May’s ‘No Deal’ Campaign Rhetoric Is Nonsense - 06/07/2017 - Yves Smith Links 6/7/17 - 06/07/2017 - Lambert Strether Trump Using Failed Australian “Asset Recycling” to Justify Mass Privatizations - 06/07/2017 - Yves Smith JP Morgan Slashes Its 2018 Oil Price Forecast By $11 Posted on June 8, 2017 by Yves Smith Yves here. Continued weak oil prices translates into even more political pressure in the Middle East. Moodys and other analysts estimated that Saudi Arabia could deal with two or three years of low oil prices, then their budgetary problems would start to bite. And that was before Riyadh went to war with Yemen and started pressuring Qatar. The new king isn’t well liked domestically and depleted coffers make it harder to maintain the support and veneer of legitimacy he needs. Or as Pepe Escobar put it more vividly, in describing the motive for the Saudis to set the stage for a war with gas-rich Qatar: The plain fact is the House of Saud is absolutely desperate. Oil price remains low, around $50 a barrel. The monster Saudi IPO on Aramco is only 12 months away. The House of Saud needs to move the markets towards a higher oil price by any means necessary – ultimatums and threats of war included. By Tsvetana Paraskova, a writer for the U.S.-based Divergente LLC consulting firm. Originally published at OilPrice The U.S. shale-vs-OPEC-cuts tale has been the predominant theme in oil markets this year, and like the cartel’s output cut, it will be rolling over into next year as well. Major banks, the same that at the time of the initial OPEC deal were seeing the markets tightening and glut eliminated as soon as the second or third quarter this year, have started slashing their oil price forecasts for this year and next, as the six-month OPEC deal failed to rebalance the markets and cuts were extended into March 2018. U.S. shale production is expected to continue growing through this year and into next year. Meanwhile, JP Morgan sees OPEC’s extension deal as having no exit strategy, with the cartel not communicating what its end game is. “Neither the length of the extension, nor the compliance rate of its participants, concerns me as much as OPEC’s lack of an exit strategy. If OPEC really has the courage behind their convictions, then the optimal decision would have been to extend cuts through the end of 2018,” Ebele Kemery, head of energy investing at JP Morgan, said on the day on which OPEC announced they would roll over the cuts. Major investment banks hastened to revise further down their oil price projections, seeing a flow of supply hitting the market as soon as production cuts expire in March 2018. Add the second U.S. shale boom to this, and it looks like the glut will return with a vengeance in 2018. Last week, Goldman Sachs cut its Brent price forecast for this year to US$55.39 per barrel from its previous estimate of US$56.76 a barrel. It also revised down its WTI projections to US$52.92 from US$54.80 a barrel. Just days before that, Goldman said that it sees the oil glut returning after OPEC’s deal expires. For 2018, it was JP Morgan that made the most drastic cut to its oil price projections, expecting not only U.S. shale to continue roaring back at OPEC, but also the cartel’s deal falling apart by the end of this year. JP Morgan slashed its 2018 WTI forecast by US$11—from US$53.50 to US$42. The price projection for Brent was also axed, by US$10, from US$55.50 to US$45. “We assume that the OPEC/non-OPEC deal collapses at the end of 2017, as cheating becomes untenable for core OPEC members. Consequently, the 2018 oil market balance now points to rapid builds in inventories which, absent continued OPEC support, should depress oil prices,” David Martin, executive director at JP Morgan, said in the bank’s note, as quoted by Business Insider Australia. On the other hand, U.S. crude output is expected to keep growing for several quarters due to lower breakeven costs and higher investment, according to JP Morgan. To compare, as of January 30, 2017, merely a month into OPEC’s production cuts, JP Morgan’s global outlook 2017 suggested that “oil markets look set to tighten further in the coming quarters as better than expected compliance from OPEC ensures drawdowns in oil inventories.” The bank had expected back then Brent at US$58.25 for 2017 and at US$60 for 2018, and WTI – at US$56.25 a barrel in 2017 and US$58 in 2018. In the oil markets, however, four months is a very long time, during which it became evident that OPEC’s efforts failed to draw down the glut in six months, and failed to lift prices. And now JP Morgan is the bank warning that oil prices may go substantially lower—not only compared to previous price projections, but also compared to the current price of oil. JP Morgan also sees OPEC losing more than it gains with the output cut deal. “As we have previously flagged, the longer-term consequences of OPEC’s actions will likely prove unpleasant for the cartel’s members,” JP Morgan’s Martin said. Other analysts do not see the current cuts balancing the oil market next year. “If OPEC wants to keep the market balanced next year, they will probably need to extend the production cut to all of 2018,” Martijn Rats, managing director at Morgan Stanley in London, told Bloomberg in an email. Currently, the expected surge in supply after the OPEC deal ends, coupled with continuous U.S. production gains, does not bode well for oil prices to move much higher in 2018 than they are now. 00500 This entry was posted in Commodities, Energy markets, Guest Post, Investment outlook, Middle East on June 8, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Final UK Election Polls: YouGov Still the Outlier, Predicts Tories Get Only 302 Seats EU Competition Commissioner Vestager Targets Unaccountable Facebook Algos as Threat at Launch of New “Pro-Democracy” Movement → Subscribe to Post Comments 9 comments different clue June 8, 2017 at 2:18 am The rising middle classes of China and India will do their best to buy as much Saudi oil as they possibly can to get the price back up as high as possible. Maybe anti-terrorist Americans can lower their use of oil beyond what Chindia can make up for by raising their use of oil, and thereby keep the pressure on Saudi Arabia for some years to come. Reply ↓ Tyronius June 8, 2017 at 2:28 am The pressure the US wants to exert isn’t against Saudi Arabia but rather other less friendly nations. Despite the current administration’s flirtations with Russia, they remain the biggest threat to the United States and lower oil prices will help to contain their hard currency reserves and therefore their potential for mischief. Reply ↓ different clue June 8, 2017 at 2:56 am What does Russia threaten us with? And how long has Russia threatened us with it? What makes that Russian threat the biggest to the United States? How long has that Russian threat been the biggest threat to the United States? Reply ↓ MoiAussie June 8, 2017 at 3:33 am Keep sucking up that koolaid. Anyone who thinks KSA is a “friendly nation” needs their head read. And what does “a threat to the US” actually mean? Russia may be a threat to US destruction of sovereign states in the ME, but in what way is that a bad thing? Russia may also be a threat to some of the machinations of globalists, 1%ers, neocons and multinationals, but again, that’s no bad thing. Russia is not a real threat to US citizens, unless attacked by the US or its proxies. Russia is certainly not a threat to the US “democratic system”, which is threatened from within, and has been corrupted by internal forces such as SCOTUS decisions. The US is a far greater threat to the democratic systems of countries around the globe than Russia is or the USSR ever was. You are however quite right that “The pressure the US wants to exert isn’t against Saudi Arabia”, as US support for that vile regime, as for Israel, is effectively unlimited. Reply ↓ PlutoniumKun June 8, 2017 at 4:56 am I assume all these assumptions are from a few days ago. The blockade of Qatar with its potential for major disruption could cause chaos in the market. I’m really surprised the markets have been so sanguine about it so far, it will only take one miscalculation by any of the major players to put a halt to tankers from the ME. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre June 8, 2017 at 5:46 am Thanks for that…..I was wondering. Reply ↓ Larry June 8, 2017 at 7:09 am The fact that America’s largest military base in the Middle East is in Qatar certainly complicates the carry on effects of the Blusterer-in-Chief’s tweets. What good is a blockade if the US says you can’t blockade the country? And why would Qatar tolerate getting the screws put to it while the US continues to run sorties from it’s territory? I would say that Mr. Market is patiently waiting to see what the hell the official and real US response to Qatar will be. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood June 8, 2017 at 8:58 am JP Morgan slashed its 2018 WTI forecast by US$11—from US$53.50 to US$42. So 42 is the answer to Life, the Universe and everything. But we knew that. Currently we’re reveling in an inverse oil shock, where its price is down and — to the disgust and horror of James Howard Kunstler — Happy Motoring is back with a vengeance in America. Which raises an uncomfortable question: with wage groaf dead in the water and the most important global commodity price (oil) sinking like a stone, why are central banksters hiking? And it’s one, two, three What are we tightening for? Well I don’t give a damn Crude’s cheap in Rotterdam — Country Joe and the Fish Reply ↓ a different chris June 8, 2017 at 9:13 am >why are central banksters hiking? Because they can. Why do locusts eat everything in sight? Anyway, what the mess of the last few years shows is that the people that have been knocking solar and wind with their clever “when the wind doesn’t blow/when the sun doesn’t shine” need to get it right back in their faces. “When the well is drilled/when it isn’t drilled/when it is drilled but gets capped/when the tankers show up/when the tankers don’t show up/when they go to the Far East/when the Middle East is engulfed in war and the tankers don’t even get filled” — seems a lot more complicated than an occasionally cloudy or still day. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments /lasse on Final UK Election Polls: YouGov Still the Outlier, Predicts Tories Get Only 302 SeatsViewed from an ignorant distance the British constituency... Lynne on Links 6/8/17The Neoliberal Social Justice piece lost me by... kurtismayfield on Links 6/8/17The Frank piece was great, and there were... Colonel Smithers on Final UK Election Polls: YouGov Still the Outlier, Predicts Tories Get Only 302 SeatsThank you. Tory (and perhaps Orange Order) ownership... Katniss Everdeen on Links 6/8/17Can someone please tell me what " a... Topics Africa (22) Australia (130) Auto industry (96) Banana republic (3,078) Banking industry (4,674) Brexit (60) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (577) Commodities (462) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,641) Curiousities (273) Currencies (910) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,507) Dubious statistics (592) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,806) Energy markets (515) Environment (474) Europe (638) Federal Reserve (1,270) Free markets and their discontents (1,458) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (340) Globalization (1,123) Guest Post (6,692) Health care (403) Hedge funds (420) Income disparity (998) India (21) Infrastructure (83) Investment banks (747) Investment management (513) Investment outlook (859) Japan (205) Legal (1,928) Links (3,107) Macroeconomic policy (986) Market inefficiencies (236) Media appearances (74) Media watch (886) Middle East (157) Moral hazard (341) New McCarthyism (8) New Zealand (77) Notices (297) OCC (12) Payment system (50) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,135) Private equity (529) Privatization (76) Real estate (1,529) Regulations and regulators (3,625) Ridiculously obvious scams (467) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (246) Science and the scientific method (198) Social policy (1,042) Social values (1,808) Species loss (53) Student loans (54) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (389) Technology and innovation (471) The destruction of the middle class (1,383) The dismal science (1,474) TPP (84) UK (126) Water Cooler (690) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Search Thursday, June 08, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets The Race To 2020 Republicans bet political fortunes on tax reform, with little evidence that it's wanted by Joseph Lawler | Jun 8, 2017, 12:01 AM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn Overhauling the tax code would represent a bet that lowering tax rates would stoke faster economic growth and that passing major legislation would boost perceptions of President Trump's leadership. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) Republicans see passing tax reform as critical to their political success in 2018 and beyond, but there is little evidence that the kind of reforms sought by the president and Congress would prove popular. Instead, an overhaul of the tax code would represent a bet that lowering tax rates would immediately stoke faster economic growth, pleasing voters, and that merely passing major legislation would boost perceptions of President Trump's leadership. "I think there's great public support for it, and it's very important for Republicans to stay at the table and deliver it this year," said Rep. Kevin Brady, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, when asked Tuesday about the ramifications if Republicans fail to pass tax reform. Faster economic growth is a political winner, and the models favored by Republicans suggest that the House Republican outline would increase economic growth and raise incomes. So is tax simplification, which Brady alluded to in noting that families are "just sick of the current tax code." Beyond that, though, polling that exists on voter attitudes toward taxes is thin and suggests that the approach favored by Republicans — effectively, significant tax cuts on high incomes and rate reductions for corporations — would not prove particularly popular. For example, recent polling from Gallup suggests that a clear majority of Americans think that high-income earners and companies do not pay their fair share. In April, a Pew survey found that the top two frustrations with the tax system were the sense that the wealthy and corporations do not pay their fair share. As for the merits of specific Republican plans, polls vary. A May poll conducted by Quinnipiac found majorities opposed to Trump's tax reform outline, including the idea of lowering tax rates. Yet a Morning Consult poll released around the same time revealed the opposite, that a plurality liked the sound of Trump's rate-reduction plan. In other words, polling on the subject of tax reform is uneven and not terribly useful in setting political strategy. Good polling on tax reform is "sorely needed," said John Kartch of Americans for Tax Reform, the right-wing group that maintains the Taxpayer Protection Pledge committing lawmakers not to raise taxes. His own review of polling from recent years turned up support for low taxes in some cases and strong support for eliminating the estate tax, but little else that would reassure lawmakers about the politics of cutting taxes. "The polling I've seen is sparse and it isn't great," said Henry Olsen, a scholar at the Ethics and Policy Policy Center who researches elections and conservatism. "I do think they're making a political mistake," Olsen said of the Republican focus on cutting rates on individual incomes and corporations. "There's not a huge demand for this" outside partisan Republicans, he said. An analysis of the House GOP outline from the Tax Foundation, an outside think tank often cited by House Republican leadership, illustrates the tricky politics. The plan would result in negligible tax cuts for most households but increase the after-tax income of the top 1 percent by more than 5 percent. The bet underlying the tax plan is that it would stoke economic growth. Taking that growth into account, middle-class incomes would rise by 8 percent to 9 percent, according to the same analysis. Tax economists do not universally accept the idea that the House GOP plan would accelerate growth fast enough to result in that boost to middle-class incomes. Nevertheless, Republicans have good reason to believe that their tax plans would affect the economy: On Tuesday, the group of CEOs that make up the Business Roundtable reported that most of their members would scale back hiring and investment plans if tax reform fell through. "The urgency of tax reform cannot be overstated," said JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, the group's chairman. If the promised growth does not materialize, however, Republicans would be in trouble. Republicans enjoy an advantage on the general question of taxes, said Joseph Thorndike, director of the Tax History Project at Tax Analysts, but won't do "necessarily all that well after the fact, after legislative changes have been made" when voters feel the results of specific changes. Instead, the biggest political benefit to passing a major tax reform might be simply demonstrating the ability to govern. "That hearkens back a little to the 100 days argument," Thorndike said. "You have to show that you're capable of doing something. Doing nothing is not a particularly compelling stance." President Bill Clinton paid a political price for proposing a "BTU tax" on fuels in 1993 and then failing to get it implemented, Thorndike said. Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate, said before meeting with Trump this week that he would deliver a message: "We need to get some legislative accomplishments." Kevin Brady Tax Reform Donald Trump John Cornyn Economy Joseph Lawler Polls Taxes Congress White House News Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. Read More Comments More Washington Examiner 14 minutes ago Today's Comey hearing will probably be a worthless spectacle 39 minutes ago Alan Dershowitz: History, precedent, and James Comey's opening statement show that Trump did not obstruct justice 11 hours ago Joe Lieberman: Trump demanded of me 'the contrary' of a loyalty pledge 12 hours ago Republicans see the bright side of Comey's testimony 13 hours ago Corey Lewandowski: Trump meant 'loyalty to the country' 16 hours ago Fake comments in favor of 'net neutrality' appear to originate from Russia, other nations: Study 17 hours ago Trump on Tehran terrorist attack: Iran 'falling victim to the evil they promote' 17 hours ago Top senator fears South Korea is choosing China over U.S. 17 hours ago Budget office: People holding out for tax reform may be slowing revenue 18 hours ago According to James Comey's testimony, Trump did not explicitly request Mike Flynn investigation be dropped 19 hours ago State-level single-payer healthcare faces death by sticker-shock 20 hours ago A look ahead to James Comey's testimony 20 hours ago Police carry out controlled explosion outside US Embassy in London: Report 20 hours ago March airstrike in Syria killed al Qaeda, not civilians, US military investigation finds 20 hours ago Infrastructure bipartisanship has always been a pipedream 21 hours ago Senate Intelligence chairman promises closed session to talk about Trump-Russia probe About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL THE RACE TO 2020 ABOUT US
Business Home LBoard Idris Jala, MACC at Menara Felda to gather info on FGV Bernama Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Goldman Sachs boost rates for savers in bid to attract deposits Reuters | June 8, 2017 The bank is looking to make further inroads into lending broadly across wealth management and investment banking, as businesses like trading struggle to generate the type of returns they once did. NEW YORK: US savers who routinely scour personal finance sites for the best deposit rates are soon going to see an unusual bank at the top of the list: Goldman Sachs Group Inc. The Wall Street bank’s consumer arm, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, plans on Wednesday to raise the rate it offers customers on deposits to 1.2% , slightly higher than rivals Synchrony Bank, CIT Bank and New York Community Bank’s My Banking Direct. Goldman had previously offered savers 1.05%. The average national rate for savings accounts is currently 0.06%, according to the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The move makes Goldman the highest interest paying bank, according to personal finance website Bankrate.com. The firm is aggressively trying to boost its deposit base and attract Main Street clients. Goldman’s online deposits from individuals total US$12 billion, a small but growing fraction of the US$128 billion in overall deposits on the firm’s overall balance sheet. Still, that is far less than large commercial banks like JPMorgan Chase & Co with US$1.4 trillion in deposits. Goldman hopes increasing its deposit base will help it boost profits if it can find ways to lend them profitably. The bank is looking to make further inroads into lending broadly across wealth management and investment banking, as businesses like trading struggle to generate the type of returns they once did. Deposits also represent a more stable type of funding and are less likely to disappear during times of stress than other funding sources. Regulators may have been pushing banks to rely more on deposits since the 2008 financial crisis. Last year, the bank launched Marcus, its first major foray into consumer lending. It also acquired Honest Dollar, an online retirement savings platform for small businesses and startups. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Experts, Microsoft push for global NGO to expose hackers 9 rakyat Filipina ceroboh Sabah dihukum mati ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Uber driver flashes, then takes selfie on woman’s… Clare: Khalid must have seen same documents I had Attacked by lecturer, Baru Bian says ‘love thy… Silence no option, DAP tells Najib over Shafee payments Now Watsons is sorry for controversial video Anjing dilucut jawatan kerana terlalu manja Guan Eng brands Gerakan as ‘biggest liars’ Isa to Mazlan: Pay damages first, then talk I always get blamed for people’s problems, says Najib Mufti Selangor hadir taklimat tuduh mufti WP… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Mari kenali ‘Muslim Homosektual’ Idris Jala must also check role of FGV board Let’s tackle ‘real’ issues, not imagined ones Seeking a more sustainable future for our oceans Isa Samad gali kubur sendiri? Bertindak sebelum durian IS jatuh atas kepala More... FMT Bahasa Krisis FGV berpotensi jejas keyakinan pelabur, kata Shahrir Lelaki tak dapat BR1M mengamuk, tetak kereta pengerusi JKKK Pelan PM sementara langkah praktikal, kata Amanah FGV: 8 jam geledah, SPRM bawa turun 3 kotak, 3 beg tarik Najib tertekan rakyat selalu salahkan PM Guan Eng label Gerakan ‘pembohong besar’ More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Banks find some buyers Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer 22 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares nudge higher thanks to some buying in the banks, but slides in Telstra and resource stocks keep a cap on gains, with investors cautious ahead of 'Super Thursday' - UK election, ECB decision and Comey testimony. Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:36pm That's it for Market Live today. Thanks for reading and for your comments. See you all again tomorrow morning from 9. For those who like pretty, moving graphics (who doesn't?) here's another recap of the day's action:   4:35pm Shares nudged higher thanks to a rally in CSL and some bargain hunting in the banks, but slides in Telstra and energy stocks as well as lingering investor caution kept a cap on gains. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.2 per cent to 5676.6 points, ending a three-day losing streak during which the local market sharply underperformed its global peers.  Worries about a slowing local economy, increasingly out of sync with the rest of the world, have been weighing on sentiment.  Additionally, investors were hesitant ahead of key global events due later on Thursday, including the UK election, an ECB monetary policy decision and the US Senate testimony of former FBI chief James Comey. "The key market risks ahead focus around the 'known unknowns' brought on by the Trump presidency, as well as the economic outlook for China," said Epoch Investment Partners portfolio manager John Tobin. Mr Tobin predicted that a growth slowdown in mature economies to around 2 per cent meant that the long-term outlook for global equity returns was likely to be in the mid-single digits. On the local market, the big banks all found some buyers after several days of underperformance. ANZ Bank rose 1.1 per cent, NAB gained 1 per cent, while CBA and Westpac both ended 0.7 per cent higher. Telstra was the biggest drag on the benchmark index, losing 1.4 per cent to $4.40, as the telco's shares continue to struggle for traction. The energy sector was hard hit following a 4 per cent slide in oil prices after official data showed that US inventories rose for the first time in 10 weeks, reawakening concerns of a supply glut. Woodside Petroleum lost 1.6 per cent, Oil Search fell 0.9 per cent and Caltex dropped 2.6 per cent, but Santos rebounded to close 2.2 per cent higher. The mining giants also managed to turn around during the session despite some falls in key commodities such as iron ore, with BHP Billiton rising 0.5 per cent and Rio Tinto adding 0.7 per cent. Wesfarmers shares slipped another 0.2 per cent, following Wednesday's 2.9 per cent slide in the wake of its strategy day, as analysts cut profit forecasts amid growing fears of a "destructive" supermarket price war. 3:55pm The Bank of Japan is re-calibrating its communications to acknowledge that it is thinking about how to handle a future exit from monetary stimulus, without giving the impression that this is on the agenda anytime soon, according to people with knowledge of discussions at the central bank. With inflation still far below target, the BOJ is contending with increasing debate of exit in markets, the media and among some lawmakers. Officials realise it's unrealistic and unconstructive to try to remain silent on the issue and the BOJ now wants to make it known that it's conducting simulations internally on how an exit could play out, said the people, who asked not to be identified. Governor Haruhiko Kuroda, who has been called before parliament 18 times this year, was grilled by lawmakers last month on his thinking about post-stimulus policy. Kuroda responded by saying he would carefully consider external communications, while also acknowledging for the first time that the annual pace of an increase in bond holdings had declined to around 60 trillion yen ($US546 billion), well below a guideline of about 80 trillion yen. With the BOJ's balance sheet approaching the size of the 537-trillion-yen economy and set to keep growing, pressure is increasing on the central bank to provide more details on its thinking. This is all the more so given that policymakers at the Federal Reserve are talking about options for how to run off their balance sheet. Kuroda and the BOJ board are due to meet to consider policy on June 15-16. Economists who follow the BOJ don't expect any change to policy at the gathering. The 10-year Japanese bond yield jumped to 0.088 per cent - its highest in three months - while the yen has strengthened. Bond yields leap 68% as BOJ re-calibrates exit communication, sources say #tabloidsdobonds— Kit Juckes (@kitjuckes) June 8, 2017 3:48pm Sterling is trading near a two-week high, supported by expectations that Prime Minister Theresa May's party will comfortably win a majority in Britain's general election, while the euro held steady ahead of a European Central Bank policy announcement. The pound held steady at $US1.2956, trading near Wednesday's peak of $US1.2970, its highest level since May 25. Latest opinion polls showed that May is on course to increase her majority in parliament in the election, suggesting her gamble to call the vote to strengthen her position in Brexit negotiations will pay off. "Markets appear to be pricing in a Conservative Party majority victory," said Jasslyn Yeo, market strategist for JPMorgan Asset Management. Something to be aware of today - UK polls often recalibrated in favour of Conservatives. Deutsche Bank: pic.twitter.com/PbdeWhTIzC— Tracy Alloway (@tracyalloway) June 8, 2017 If the Conservative Party ends up gaining a decisive majority of more than 50 seats, that would probably be seen as a positive outcome for sterling, Yeo said. "However, we still see much uncertainty surrounding the UK election, where a higher turnout vote of young people could potentially turn the tables on investors," she added. The pound gained as much as 4 per cent after May called a snap election seven weeks ago, as polls suggested a landslide win for her Conservative Party would strengthen the Prime Minister's position when Brexit negotiations open later this month . But recent polls predicting outcomes ranging from a majority for the Conservatives to a 'hung' parliament have seen sterling slip from the $US1.30 mark it hit last month. Markets are tipping that the Conservatives will comfortably win the UK election. Photo: Getty Images 3:26pm Wesfarmers shares are down another 0.6 per cent, struggling to hang onto the $40-mark, after analysts cut profit forecasts amid growing fears of a 'destructive' supermarket price war. Shares tanked yesterday after the group revealed at its strategy day that Coles invested a net $190 million into cutting grocery prices and boosting service in the March and June quarter, triple its investment in the December quarter. But it may have to invest more in 2018 if Woolworths responds in kind to maintain its new-found price competitiveness. Both Coles and Woolworths are now estimated to have invested $1 billion each (net of cost savings) into prices and service over the last 18 months, while Aldi says it is spending $75 million on a annualised basis reducing prices. But the battle for market share remains intense and investors fear further price-cutting could damage margins across the entire supermarket  sector. "The problem for Coles is that Aldi and Woolworths are accelerating refurbishments at a time when the Coles' program is reaching completion. Whilst Coles outlined the opportunity to reduce cost further, its marketing options are heavily reliant on price," Credit Suisse analyst Grant Saligari said in a note on Thursday. As a result, there is a substantive risk of a downward spiral of destructive price-based competition continuing through 2018," Saligari said. "We see substantial downside risk to industry profitability and negative impacts to extend to Woolworths and Metcash." Citi trimmed its forecast for Wesfarmers' group EBIT by 3.3 per cent in 2017 and 6.1 per cent in 2018, citing lower earnings at Coles as well as softer than expected trading in Bunnings UK and Ireland. Analysts are worried a supermarket price war could hurt Wesfarmers. Photo: Tony Ashby Back to top 3:06pm Woodside has flagged a possible delay in the development of the promising SNE deepwater oilfield off Senegal's coast after joint venture partner FAR Ltd refused to support a transition for the oil and gas giant to eventually take over as operator. The Australian energy giant said FAR's decision puts at risk the timely development of the SNE oilfield, and could delay the time frame for production to start by 2021. Woodside acquired a 35 per cent stake in the block last year from ConocoPhillips as part of a $460 million acquisition, and shares ownership with junior Australian explorer FAR, Britain's Cairn Energy, and Senegal's state-owned Petrosen. FAR has claimed that it was not provided with proper pre-emption rights at the time of the deal, and says the Senegalese government has not yet approved the transfer of interest from ConocoPhillips to Woodside. "Woodside has stated that it is transitioning to the role of operator of the joint venture," the junior explorer said in a separate statement. "However, there is no joint venture agreement for this to occur." Woodside shares are down 2.1 per cent at $30.85, in line with other energy sector stocks, while FAR shares have gained 0.7 per cent to 7.65 cents. Woodside is at odds with its JV partner in Senegal. Photo: Ben Rushton 2:25pm Large global miners have cut back on investments despite a turnaround in profitability and a spike in commodity prices, a PricewaterhouseCooper's (PwC) report has revealed. Capital expenditure, an measure of confidence in future returns, fell 41 per cent in 2016 to a record low of $US50 billion. "Everyone is gun shy at the moment and they are not investing until they are very comfortable that the returns will be there," PwC director and report co-author Andries Rossouw said on the sidelines of a junior mining conference in Johannesburg. The report showed that profitability in the industry recovered to an aggregate net profit of $US20 billion from $US28 billion in losses in 2015. Glencore, Anglo American and Rio Tinto, were among the forty companies included in PwC's 14th report on the industry. This one drew on analyses of performance and global trends from financial information during 12-month reporting periods for companies between April 1, 2015 and December 31, 2016. 'Gun shy' - big miners remain reluctant to invest. Photo: HO 2:12pm China reported stronger-than-anticipated exports and imports for May despite falling commodity prices, suggesting the economy is holding up better than expected despite rising lending rates and a cooling property market. Imports have been strong in recent months, driven largely by iron ore and other commodities used to feed a year-long construction boom, while exports have rebounded thanks to stronger global demand after several years of contraction. Still, analysts had expected trade growth to cool in May, forecasting the economy will gradually lose momentum over the rest of the year as measures to cool heated home prices dampen property investment and a crackdown on riskier types of lending pushes up financing costs. China's May exports rose 8.7 per cent from a year earlier, while imports expanded 14.8 per cent. That left the country with a trade surplus of $US40.81 billion for the month. Analysts had expected May shipments from the world's largest exporter to have risen 7.0 per cent. Exports rose 8.0 per cent on-year in April. Imports were expected to have climbed 8.5 per cent, after rising 11.9 per cent in April. Imports, in particular, held up remarkably well, said Capital Economics China economist Jullian Evans-Pritchard. "But given the approaching headwinds to the economy from policy tightening, we doubt this strength will last." After a robust start to the year, the domestic economy is displaying some signs of weakening momentum. The official factory gauge held up in May, but a private gauge signalled contraction for the first time in 11 months. Concerns over China landed squarely back on global investors' radar after Moody's downgraded its credit rating last month, saying it expects the financial strength of the economy will erode in coming years as growth slows and debt continues to rise. The Aussie dollar is steady at US75.42¢, having recovered from weak local trade numbers. 1:56pm Households across the eastern states are about to be hit directly by the closure of the giant Hazelwood power station in Victoria and soaring gas prices, with sharp hikes in retail electricity prices from July 1 coming on top of the hefty increases in recent years. Homes across NSW, the ACT and South Australia could see bill increases of up to 30 per cent, sources told the AFR, with some Victorian households about to see their second sharp hike this year as smaller retailers seek to offset the pain of soaring wholesale prices. The ACT is the first to confirm the price hikes, advising today of an 18.95 per cent jump in standing offer power tariffs and a 17.3 per cent hike in gas prices. The increases will feed through to a $6.40 a week jump in the weekly power bill for homes using 8000 kilowatt-hours, supplier ActewAGL said. Gas bills will jump $4.75 a week for a home using 43 gigajoules. ActewAGL chief executive Michael Costello admitted the price hikes were "unprecedented" and blamed them on "ten years of uncertainty in national energy policy" which had left investors paralysed. The closure of the Hazelwood power station is contributing to 'unprecedented' electricity price hikes. Photo: Joe Armao 1:42pm Here's another 'master of the universe' warning about the return of GFC-like conditions: Billionaire investor Paul Singer says "distorted" monetary and regulatory policies have increased risks for investors almost a decade after the financial crisis. "I am very concerned about where we are," Singer said overnight at the Bloomberg Invest New York summit. "What we have today is a global financial system that's just about as leveraged - and in many cases more leveraged - than before 2008, and I don't think the financial system is more sound." Years of low rates have eroded the effectiveness of central banks to contend with downturns, Singer said at the event in an interview with Carlyle Group co-founder David Rubenstein. "Suppressive" fiscal, regulatory and tax policies have also exacerbated income inequality and led to the rise of populist and fringe political movements, he added. Confidence "could be lost in a very abrupt fashion causing conceivably a ruckus in bond markets, stock markets and in financial institutions," said Singer, founder of hedge fund Elliott Management, which is known for being an activist investor, eg at BHP Billiton. At the same summit, Jon Winkelried  the co-chief executive at private equity giant TPG, said that he is worried that investors are playing it too cool, with the benchmark measure of volatility, the VIX index, plumbing record lows.  "The level of complacency about where markets are today is pretty scary,"  Winkelried said. "People are just sort of assuming it's ok, that it is what it is, and I have to say that I'm a little bit concerned about it." Paul Singer is worries about rising debt levels. Photo: Bloomberg Back to top 1:29pm If there's a positive takeout on consumer spending for investors from Wednesday's GDP figures, it's that struggling households are still spending on some things. Various service sectors contributed some of the most robust performances in Wednesday's 0.3 per cent GDP figures. Household consumption expenditure grew 3.8 per cent in the March 2017 quarter, with spending on utilities, healthcare, transport, education, financial services and insurance growing 4.2 per cent in March. This is despite household income growth of only 1.8 per cent. Households, according to an analysis of the figures by Citi, are running down their savings to fuel spending. And most of this spending is going to services, while spending on things such as alcoholic beverages and clothing and footwear declined sharply, down 1 per cent and 0.7 per cent respectively in the GDP figures. Outside the household sector, the exporting of services also grew strongly, up 2.5 per cent, helping offset some of the drag from lower goods exports, down 2.6 per cent, in the trade figures. The proportion of the economy devoted to services has grown strongly in recent years due to long-term shifts in consumption trends and through specific economic conditions that have resulted from the end of the mining boom, HSBC economist Paul Bloxham said. The mining boom, and the resultant high dollar, kept services growth, particularly in tourism and education, constrained, he said. These factors have now reversed. Meanwhile, technological change, as well as an ageing population, is also boosting demand for services. Because of these shifts, services now account for 48 per cent of household consumption, up from 40 per cent two decades ago, and 70 per cent of the total economy if all spending on services is considered. But "official statistics have not kept pace", Mr Bloxham wrote. Unlike for retail sales, there is no monthly gauge of service spending. Economists instead look to the detail of the employment figures, as well as GDP, to gauge the size and performance of the service economy. Read more. An ageing population is a factor driving increased spending on services such as healthcare. Photo: Tamara Voninski 1:02pm The overall market has just nudged into the positive thanks to some buying in the banks, but another drop in Chinese iron ore futures is weighing on local miners. Dalian futures are down 1.4 per cent at 425.5 yuan ($US62.62) and that's taking its toll on the like of Fortescue, which has dropped 3.5 per cent to $4.57. Losses in Chinese futures, which are down for a third day, could drag spot iron ore prices further, having fallen to their lowest level in a year on Wednesday. "Iron ore consumption has come under pressure as Chinese steel mills look to spend funds on loan repayments due at the end of the quarter," CBA analyst Vivek Dhar said in a note, predicting iron ore will drop to levels around $US45 a tonne over the next 12 months. Spot iron ore slid 1.1 per cent to $US55.43 a tonne overnight, the lowest level since July last year. The spot benchmark, which touched $US94.86 in February, has lost almost 30 per cent this year, underperforming other commodities such as nickel and oil. It comes as Port Hedland iron ore shipments continue to gain momentum, rising 4 per cent in May from April, and 12 per cent over the year to 44.1 million tonnes. China will release trade data later today that would show how much iron ore it imported last month. Imports by the world's top buyer of the commodity fell to a six-month low in April. 12:46pm North Korea has fired a volley of cruise missiles off its eastern coast, the South Korean military said this morning. The multiple short range surface-to-ship cruise missiles flew 200 kilometres from the city of Wonsan, South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) said in a statement. The South Korean sharemarket and currency were largely unmoved on the news. The missile launches come a day after the South Korean government said it would halt any further installation of the United States THAAD anti-missile radar until an investigation of its environmental impact was carried out. The delay could take until the end of the year, the Yonhap news agency reported. The multiple cruise missile launches also come after North Korea expressed anger at the United Nations Security Council voting on Friday to impose additional sanctions on North Korea for repeated balllistic missile tests. Cruise missiles are not classified as ballistic tests. The office of new South Korean President Moon Jae-in was angered to discover the South Korean military had concealed the arrival of four additional THAAD launchers from the United States. THAAD was declared operational shortly before the South Korean presidential election in late April, with two launchers publicly declared. The incoming government said it was "shocked" to discover, several weeks after Mr Moon took office on May 9, another four THAAD launchers had already been delivered to South Korea. Read more. South Korean President Moon Jae-in Photo: AP 12:25pm After the global financial crisis, Europe built a system designed to contain the collateral damage from failing banks. That new system appeared to pass its first test overnight, as authorities efficiently dispatched a troubled Spanish lender. The relative lack of drama after the failure of Banco Popular, Spain's fifth-biggest bank, highlighted the large strides made by the eurozone compared with a few years ago, when the problems of even small lenders had the potential to rock financial markets and raise existential questions about European unity. 1. Banco Popular: Mid-sized European bank fails with just a few days' warning, markets don't care.— James Mackintosh (@jmackin2) June 7, 2017 Bank stocks rose in Europe after authorities in Frankfurt and Brussels declared that Banco Popular was essentially a lost cause and sold it to Banco Santander, Spain's largest bank. The purchase price was 1 euro. The swift action by European Central Bank and European Union officials defied critics who said a system for winding down sick banks, put into place at the end of 2014, was too unwieldy to deal with a fast-moving crisis. "It's very positive for establishing the new banking policy framework," said Nicolas Veron, a senior fellow at Bruegel, a research organization in Brussels. "It will demonstrate to a number of people that the framework is working better than many doubters expected." The rescue is the first in which the European Central Bank has determined that a eurozone lender has failed or is about to fail. The central bank assumed authority over eurozone banks in 2014 as part of changes intended to prevent banking crises like that of 2008. But the failure of Banco Popular, felled by its exposure to toxic mortgages left over from a housing boom, was nevertheless a reminder that, nearly a decade after the financial crisis, the eurozone's banking system remains vulnerable. Many banks in Italy, Germany and elsewhere in the 19-country euro area suffer from piles of bad loans, thin capital cushions and meager profits. The woes of banks continue to weigh on economic growth in the bloc. The "painful experience" for Banco Popular investors "could be repeated elsewhere in Europe", Mason Stevens hed of equities Marcus Tuck said. "Some other banks, most notably in Italy, Portugal, Spain and Greece, could be considered vulnerable. Now that the SRB has set this precedent, bank investors outside of senior debt will be a lot less trusting/complacent than they were." So far, though, the failure of the Spanish lender has been met with a shrug. Banco Santander bought Banco Popular for 1 euro. Photo: Bloomberg 12:10pm CSL is on a tear this morning, rising nearly 3 per cent to $135.14 following an upgrade to 'buy' by UBS, which also lifted its price target to $145. The main reason for the upgrade is that the analysts now expect CSL competitor Shire to pursue a less intensive "brand and price" strategy, allowing CSL to sustain about 11 per cent plasma volume growth to FY25. Initial UBS estimates had assumed that Shire would resume a volume-based strategy upon its 2019 opening of its new USA plant; at which point CSL's current 11 oer cent volume growth would revert to around 7 per cent, analyst Andrew Goodsall writes in a note to clients. "However, with 18-24 month lead time, SHP has not sought to open sufficient centres ahead of the new plant, and it is increasingly apparent that SHP will pursue a less capital intense 'brand & price' strategy. This confers long term structural advantage to CSL's volume strategy." CSl is one of this year's high flyers among blue chips, soaring 34.5 per cent in 2017. CSL hsa been one of this year's high flyers. Photo: James Davies Back to top 11:50am Japan's economic growth in the January-March period was severely revised down from the original estimate because of a downward adjustment in business inventories, the Cabinet Office said, underscoring the fragility of its export-led expansion. Japan's economy, the world's third largest, expanded at an annualised rate of 1.0 per cent in the January-March period, less than half the preliminary estimate of 2.2 per cent growth, Cabinet Office data showed. The revised gross domestic product (GDP) data compared with economists' forecast of a 2.4 per cent expansion. The Cabinet Office data follows a recent run of indicators that suggests continued economic growth in the current quarter because of solid exports and factory output, although wage growth and household spending remain lacklustre, despite a tight job market. The weaker-than-expected GDP data will likely worry the Bank of Japan, which is expected to stand pat at its next rate review on June 15-16. A majority of the economists projected in a Reuters poll last month the BoJ's next move would be pulling back its stimulus. Analysts say that to sustain economic growth, the export-led recovery must spread to domestic demand especially given the risk of potential slowdown in overseas economies, particularly the US economy, which some see in a late stage of expansion. 11:38am Big miss in today's trade numbers: the trade balance fell to a surplus of just 560 million in April from a surplus of $3.1 billion in March. Economists had tipped a surplus of $2 billion.  But a big slump in exports, which fell 8.0 per cent - mainly due to disruptions to coal exports following Cyclone Debbie - while imports were down 1.0 per cent, was behind the fall in the surplus. The Aussie dollar slipped about two-tenths of a cent to the day's low of US75.25¢. 11:14am Bega Cheese has upped the ante on the nation's biggest dairy processor, Murray Goulburn, by setting an opening milk price nearly 20 per cent higher than its besieged rival.  Bega revealed it would pay an opening price of $5.50 per kilogram of mik solids, which was 10 per cent higher than what it paid farmers a year ago. The price is also 17 per cent above the $4.70/kg price Murray Goulburn set just two days ago, when it also revealed it was launching a strategic review of its operations and capital structure including the controversial profit sharing mechanism, which links the milk price to dividends.  Murray Goulburn is traditionally the industry's price setter, with rival processors offering prices in line or at times slightly higher. However, Murray Goulburn has been constrained by what it can offer farmers this year as it digests a horror 12 months where it lost 20 per cent of its milk supply when it retrospectively cut prices to suppliers as its profits took a hit on lower than expected Chinese sales.  Farmers were hoping rival processors would lift prices significantly because $4.70/kg was below the cost of production. Bega Cheese shares are up 0.2 per cent at $5.76, while Murray Goulburn's MG Unit Trust has lost another 1.5 per cent to 66 cents, extending the slide of the past two days. Good news for dairy farmers. Photo: Nicolas Walker 11:03am A large decline in house prices from current elevated levels poses the "single largest domestic risk" for the Australian economy, according to the  Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development. In its June economic outlook report, the OECD flagged the possibility of a sharp fall in house prices as the major risk factor for the economy and said that, if it eventuates, such a drop could reduce household wealth and consumption and damage the construction sector, leading to significant job losses. The OECD noted that house prices in some markets are still rising despite the use of macroprudential tools and that could prompt the central bank to tighten the cash rate towards the end of the year.  "House prices in some markets, already very high, are still rising fast despite macro-prudential tightening," the OECD said in the report.  The organisation said that it expects the RBA will start lifting rates in the second half of 2017, which will take some heat off house prices. This is at  odds with market pricing, which has the cash rate staying at 1.5 per cent through December. But the OECD said higher interest rates alone will not be enough to address high house prices and household debt.  "High house prices and household debt still pose macroeconomic and financial risks, which call for continued use of macro-prudential tools," it said.  The OECD predicts the RBA will raise rates later this year to cool the housing market. Photo: Henry Zwartz 10:35am Stocks have opened lower, led down by a slide in the energy sector as well as another fall in Wesfarmers. The ASX is down 0.4 per cent at 5644.7, on track for a fourth straight session in the red and a fall of more than 5 per cent since its recent high at the start of May. Weak commodity prices hurt, as does a stronger Australian dollar, says CMC chief market strategist Michael McCarthy. "Recent underperformance by Australian stocks may continue, although a private equity bid for Vocus Communications could see aggressive short sellers pause for thought." Energy stocks are taking a beating after oil prices plunged nearly 5 per cent overnight, on the back of a surprise rise in US stockpiles. Woodside has lost 2.2 per cent, Oil Search is down 3.4 per cent, Caltex has slid 3.2 per cent, while BHP is outperforming with a 0.5 per cent loss. Wesfarmers is extending yesterday's thumping in the wake of its strategy day, falling another 1.3 per cent to below $40. Among the winners are utilities and health-care stocks, with CSL up 2.1 per cent following a broker upgrade and AGL Energy rising 1.3 per cent. The big banks are mixed, with Westpac rising 0.2 per cent and the other big three slightly lower, while Telstra has dropped 1 per cent. Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 118 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell ASX snaps losing streak as CSL soars Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Investors should be 'crossing their fingers' as risk rises One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Banks find some buyers Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer 22 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares nudge higher thanks to some buying in the banks, but slides in Telstra and resource stocks keep a cap on gains, with investors cautious ahead of 'Super Thursday' - UK election, ECB decision and Comey testimony. Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:36pm That's it for Market Live today. Thanks for reading and for your comments. See you all again tomorrow morning from 9. For those who like pretty, moving graphics (who doesn't?) here's another recap of the day's action:   4:35pm Shares nudged higher thanks to a rally in CSL and some bargain hunting in the banks, but slides in Telstra and energy stocks as well as lingering investor caution kept a cap on gains. The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index rose 0.2 per cent to 5676.6 points, ending a three-day losing streak during which the local market sharply underperformed its global peers.  Worries about a slowing local economy, increasingly out of sync with the rest of the world, have been weighing on sentiment.  Additionally, investors were hesitant ahead of key global events due later on Thursday, including the UK election, an ECB monetary policy decision and the US Senate testimony of former FBI chief James Comey. "The key market risks ahead focus around the 'known unknowns' brought on by the Trump presidency, as well as the economic outlook for China," said Epoch Investment Partners portfolio manager John Tobin. Mr Tobin predicted that a growth slowdown in mature economies to around 2 per cent meant that the long-term outlook for global equity returns was likely to be in the mid-single digits. On the local market, the big banks all found some buyers after several days of underperformance. ANZ Bank rose 1.1 per cent, NAB gained 1 per cent, while CBA and Westpac both ended 0.7 per cent higher. Telstra was the biggest drag on the benchmark index, losing 1.4 per cent to $4.40, as the telco's shares continue to struggle for traction. The energy sector was hard hit following a 4 per cent slide in oil prices after official data showed that US inventories rose for the first time in 10 weeks, reawakening concerns of a supply glut. Woodside Petroleum lost 1.6 per cent, Oil Search fell 0.9 per cent and Caltex dropped 2.6 per cent, but Santos rebounded to close 2.2 per cent higher. The mining giants also managed to turn around during the session despite some falls in key commodities such as iron ore, with BHP Billiton rising 0.5 per cent and Rio Tinto adding 0.7 per cent. Wesfarmers shares slipped another 0.2 per cent, following Wednesday's 2.9 per cent slide in the wake of its strategy day, as analysts cut profit forecasts amid growing fears of a "destructive" supermarket price war. 3:55pm The Bank of Japan is re-calibrating its communications to acknowledge that it is thinking about how to handle a future exit from monetary stimulus, without giving the impression that this is on the agenda anytime soon, according to people with knowledge of discussions at the central bank. With inflation still far below target, the BOJ is contending with increasing debate of exit in markets, the media and among some lawmakers. Officials realise it's unrealistic and unconstructive to try to remain silent on the issue and the BOJ now wants to make it known that it's conducting simulations internally on how an exit could play out, said the people, who asked not to be identified. Governor Haruhiko Kuroda, who has been called before parliament 18 times this year, was grilled by lawmakers last month on his thinking about post-stimulus policy. Kuroda responded by saying he would carefully consider external communications, while also acknowledging for the first time that the annual pace of an increase in bond holdings had declined to around 60 trillion yen ($US546 billion), well below a guideline of about 80 trillion yen. With the BOJ's balance sheet approaching the size of the 537-trillion-yen economy and set to keep growing, pressure is increasing on the central bank to provide more details on its thinking. This is all the more so given that policymakers at the Federal Reserve are talking about options for how to run off their balance sheet. Kuroda and the BOJ board are due to meet to consider policy on June 15-16. Economists who follow the BOJ don't expect any change to policy at the gathering. The 10-year Japanese bond yield jumped to 0.088 per cent - its highest in three months - while the yen has strengthened. Bond yields leap 68% as BOJ re-calibrates exit communication, sources say #tabloidsdobonds— Kit Juckes (@kitjuckes) June 8, 2017 3:48pm Sterling is trading near a two-week high, supported by expectations that Prime Minister Theresa May's party will comfortably win a majority in Britain's general election, while the euro held steady ahead of a European Central Bank policy announcement. The pound held steady at $US1.2956, trading near Wednesday's peak of $US1.2970, its highest level since May 25. Latest opinion polls showed that May is on course to increase her majority in parliament in the election, suggesting her gamble to call the vote to strengthen her position in Brexit negotiations will pay off. "Markets appear to be pricing in a Conservative Party majority victory," said Jasslyn Yeo, market strategist for JPMorgan Asset Management. Something to be aware of today - UK polls often recalibrated in favour of Conservatives. Deutsche Bank: pic.twitter.com/PbdeWhTIzC— Tracy Alloway (@tracyalloway) June 8, 2017 If the Conservative Party ends up gaining a decisive majority of more than 50 seats, that would probably be seen as a positive outcome for sterling, Yeo said. "However, we still see much uncertainty surrounding the UK election, where a higher turnout vote of young people could potentially turn the tables on investors," she added. The pound gained as much as 4 per cent after May called a snap election seven weeks ago, as polls suggested a landslide win for her Conservative Party would strengthen the Prime Minister's position when Brexit negotiations open later this month . But recent polls predicting outcomes ranging from a majority for the Conservatives to a 'hung' parliament have seen sterling slip from the $US1.30 mark it hit last month. Markets are tipping that the Conservatives will comfortably win the UK election. Photo: Getty Images 3:26pm Wesfarmers shares are down another 0.6 per cent, struggling to hang onto the $40-mark, after analysts cut profit forecasts amid growing fears of a 'destructive' supermarket price war. Shares tanked yesterday after the group revealed at its strategy day that Coles invested a net $190 million into cutting grocery prices and boosting service in the March and June quarter, triple its investment in the December quarter. But it may have to invest more in 2018 if Woolworths responds in kind to maintain its new-found price competitiveness. Both Coles and Woolworths are now estimated to have invested $1 billion each (net of cost savings) into prices and service over the last 18 months, while Aldi says it is spending $75 million on a annualised basis reducing prices. But the battle for market share remains intense and investors fear further price-cutting could damage margins across the entire supermarket  sector. "The problem for Coles is that Aldi and Woolworths are accelerating refurbishments at a time when the Coles' program is reaching completion. Whilst Coles outlined the opportunity to reduce cost further, its marketing options are heavily reliant on price," Credit Suisse analyst Grant Saligari said in a note on Thursday. As a result, there is a substantive risk of a downward spiral of destructive price-based competition continuing through 2018," Saligari said. "We see substantial downside risk to industry profitability and negative impacts to extend to Woolworths and Metcash." Citi trimmed its forecast for Wesfarmers' group EBIT by 3.3 per cent in 2017 and 6.1 per cent in 2018, citing lower earnings at Coles as well as softer than expected trading in Bunnings UK and Ireland. Analysts are worried a supermarket price war could hurt Wesfarmers. Photo: Tony Ashby Back to top 3:06pm Woodside has flagged a possible delay in the development of the promising SNE deepwater oilfield off Senegal's coast after joint venture partner FAR Ltd refused to support a transition for the oil and gas giant to eventually take over as operator. The Australian energy giant said FAR's decision puts at risk the timely development of the SNE oilfield, and could delay the time frame for production to start by 2021. Woodside acquired a 35 per cent stake in the block last year from ConocoPhillips as part of a $460 million acquisition, and shares ownership with junior Australian explorer FAR, Britain's Cairn Energy, and Senegal's state-owned Petrosen. FAR has claimed that it was not provided with proper pre-emption rights at the time of the deal, and says the Senegalese government has not yet approved the transfer of interest from ConocoPhillips to Woodside. "Woodside has stated that it is transitioning to the role of operator of the joint venture," the junior explorer said in a separate statement. "However, there is no joint venture agreement for this to occur." Woodside shares are down 2.1 per cent at $30.85, in line with other energy sector stocks, while FAR shares have gained 0.7 per cent to 7.65 cents. Woodside is at odds with its JV partner in Senegal. Photo: Ben Rushton 2:25pm Large global miners have cut back on investments despite a turnaround in profitability and a spike in commodity prices, a PricewaterhouseCooper's (PwC) report has revealed. Capital expenditure, an measure of confidence in future returns, fell 41 per cent in 2016 to a record low of $US50 billion. "Everyone is gun shy at the moment and they are not investing until they are very comfortable that the returns will be there," PwC director and report co-author Andries Rossouw said on the sidelines of a junior mining conference in Johannesburg. The report showed that profitability in the industry recovered to an aggregate net profit of $US20 billion from $US28 billion in losses in 2015. Glencore, Anglo American and Rio Tinto, were among the forty companies included in PwC's 14th report on the industry. This one drew on analyses of performance and global trends from financial information during 12-month reporting periods for companies between April 1, 2015 and December 31, 2016. 'Gun shy' - big miners remain reluctant to invest. Photo: HO 2:12pm China reported stronger-than-anticipated exports and imports for May despite falling commodity prices, suggesting the economy is holding up better than expected despite rising lending rates and a cooling property market. Imports have been strong in recent months, driven largely by iron ore and other commodities used to feed a year-long construction boom, while exports have rebounded thanks to stronger global demand after several years of contraction. Still, analysts had expected trade growth to cool in May, forecasting the economy will gradually lose momentum over the rest of the year as measures to cool heated home prices dampen property investment and a crackdown on riskier types of lending pushes up financing costs. China's May exports rose 8.7 per cent from a year earlier, while imports expanded 14.8 per cent. That left the country with a trade surplus of $US40.81 billion for the month. Analysts had expected May shipments from the world's largest exporter to have risen 7.0 per cent. Exports rose 8.0 per cent on-year in April. Imports were expected to have climbed 8.5 per cent, after rising 11.9 per cent in April. Imports, in particular, held up remarkably well, said Capital Economics China economist Jullian Evans-Pritchard. "But given the approaching headwinds to the economy from policy tightening, we doubt this strength will last." After a robust start to the year, the domestic economy is displaying some signs of weakening momentum. The official factory gauge held up in May, but a private gauge signalled contraction for the first time in 11 months. Concerns over China landed squarely back on global investors' radar after Moody's downgraded its credit rating last month, saying it expects the financial strength of the economy will erode in coming years as growth slows and debt continues to rise. The Aussie dollar is steady at US75.42¢, having recovered from weak local trade numbers. 1:56pm Households across the eastern states are about to be hit directly by the closure of the giant Hazelwood power station in Victoria and soaring gas prices, with sharp hikes in retail electricity prices from July 1 coming on top of the hefty increases in recent years. Homes across NSW, the ACT and South Australia could see bill increases of up to 30 per cent, sources told the AFR, with some Victorian households about to see their second sharp hike this year as smaller retailers seek to offset the pain of soaring wholesale prices. The ACT is the first to confirm the price hikes, advising today of an 18.95 per cent jump in standing offer power tariffs and a 17.3 per cent hike in gas prices. The increases will feed through to a $6.40 a week jump in the weekly power bill for homes using 8000 kilowatt-hours, supplier ActewAGL said. Gas bills will jump $4.75 a week for a home using 43 gigajoules. ActewAGL chief executive Michael Costello admitted the price hikes were "unprecedented" and blamed them on "ten years of uncertainty in national energy policy" which had left investors paralysed. The closure of the Hazelwood power station is contributing to 'unprecedented' electricity price hikes. Photo: Joe Armao 1:42pm Here's another 'master of the universe' warning about the return of GFC-like conditions: Billionaire investor Paul Singer says "distorted" monetary and regulatory policies have increased risks for investors almost a decade after the financial crisis. "I am very concerned about where we are," Singer said overnight at the Bloomberg Invest New York summit. "What we have today is a global financial system that's just about as leveraged - and in many cases more leveraged - than before 2008, and I don't think the financial system is more sound." Years of low rates have eroded the effectiveness of central banks to contend with downturns, Singer said at the event in an interview with Carlyle Group co-founder David Rubenstein. "Suppressive" fiscal, regulatory and tax policies have also exacerbated income inequality and led to the rise of populist and fringe political movements, he added. Confidence "could be lost in a very abrupt fashion causing conceivably a ruckus in bond markets, stock markets and in financial institutions," said Singer, founder of hedge fund Elliott Management, which is known for being an activist investor, eg at BHP Billiton. At the same summit, Jon Winkelried  the co-chief executive at private equity giant TPG, said that he is worried that investors are playing it too cool, with the benchmark measure of volatility, the VIX index, plumbing record lows.  "The level of complacency about where markets are today is pretty scary,"  Winkelried said. "People are just sort of assuming it's ok, that it is what it is, and I have to say that I'm a little bit concerned about it." Paul Singer is worries about rising debt levels. Photo: Bloomberg Back to top 1:29pm If there's a positive takeout on consumer spending for investors from Wednesday's GDP figures, it's that struggling households are still spending on some things. Various service sectors contributed some of the most robust performances in Wednesday's 0.3 per cent GDP figures. Household consumption expenditure grew 3.8 per cent in the March 2017 quarter, with spending on utilities, healthcare, transport, education, financial services and insurance growing 4.2 per cent in March. This is despite household income growth of only 1.8 per cent. Households, according to an analysis of the figures by Citi, are running down their savings to fuel spending. And most of this spending is going to services, while spending on things such as alcoholic beverages and clothing and footwear declined sharply, down 1 per cent and 0.7 per cent respectively in the GDP figures. Outside the household sector, the exporting of services also grew strongly, up 2.5 per cent, helping offset some of the drag from lower goods exports, down 2.6 per cent, in the trade figures. The proportion of the economy devoted to services has grown strongly in recent years due to long-term shifts in consumption trends and through specific economic conditions that have resulted from the end of the mining boom, HSBC economist Paul Bloxham said. The mining boom, and the resultant high dollar, kept services growth, particularly in tourism and education, constrained, he said. These factors have now reversed. Meanwhile, technological change, as well as an ageing population, is also boosting demand for services. Because of these shifts, services now account for 48 per cent of household consumption, up from 40 per cent two decades ago, and 70 per cent of the total economy if all spending on services is considered. But "official statistics have not kept pace", Mr Bloxham wrote. Unlike for retail sales, there is no monthly gauge of service spending. Economists instead look to the detail of the employment figures, as well as GDP, to gauge the size and performance of the service economy. Read more. An ageing population is a factor driving increased spending on services such as healthcare. Photo: Tamara Voninski 1:02pm The overall market has just nudged into the positive thanks to some buying in the banks, but another drop in Chinese iron ore futures is weighing on local miners. Dalian futures are down 1.4 per cent at 425.5 yuan ($US62.62) and that's taking its toll on the like of Fortescue, which has dropped 3.5 per cent to $4.57. Losses in Chinese futures, which are down for a third day, could drag spot iron ore prices further, having fallen to their lowest level in a year on Wednesday. "Iron ore consumption has come under pressure as Chinese steel mills look to spend funds on loan repayments due at the end of the quarter," CBA analyst Vivek Dhar said in a note, predicting iron ore will drop to levels around $US45 a tonne over the next 12 months. Spot iron ore slid 1.1 per cent to $US55.43 a tonne overnight, the lowest level since July last year. The spot benchmark, which touched $US94.86 in February, has lost almost 30 per cent this year, underperforming other commodities such as nickel and oil. It comes as Port Hedland iron ore shipments continue to gain momentum, rising 4 per cent in May from April, and 12 per cent over the year to 44.1 million tonnes. China will release trade data later today that would show how much iron ore it imported last month. Imports by the world's top buyer of the commodity fell to a six-month low in April. 12:46pm North Korea has fired a volley of cruise missiles off its eastern coast, the South Korean military said this morning. The multiple short range surface-to-ship cruise missiles flew 200 kilometres from the city of Wonsan, South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) said in a statement. The South Korean sharemarket and currency were largely unmoved on the news. The missile launches come a day after the South Korean government said it would halt any further installation of the United States THAAD anti-missile radar until an investigation of its environmental impact was carried out. The delay could take until the end of the year, the Yonhap news agency reported. The multiple cruise missile launches also come after North Korea expressed anger at the United Nations Security Council voting on Friday to impose additional sanctions on North Korea for repeated balllistic missile tests. Cruise missiles are not classified as ballistic tests. The office of new South Korean President Moon Jae-in was angered to discover the South Korean military had concealed the arrival of four additional THAAD launchers from the United States. THAAD was declared operational shortly before the South Korean presidential election in late April, with two launchers publicly declared. The incoming government said it was "shocked" to discover, several weeks after Mr Moon took office on May 9, another four THAAD launchers had already been delivered to South Korea. Read more. South Korean President Moon Jae-in Photo: AP 12:25pm After the global financial crisis, Europe built a system designed to contain the collateral damage from failing banks. That new system appeared to pass its first test overnight, as authorities efficiently dispatched a troubled Spanish lender. The relative lack of drama after the failure of Banco Popular, Spain's fifth-biggest bank, highlighted the large strides made by the eurozone compared with a few years ago, when the problems of even small lenders had the potential to rock financial markets and raise existential questions about European unity. 1. Banco Popular: Mid-sized European bank fails with just a few days' warning, markets don't care.— James Mackintosh (@jmackin2) June 7, 2017 Bank stocks rose in Europe after authorities in Frankfurt and Brussels declared that Banco Popular was essentially a lost cause and sold it to Banco Santander, Spain's largest bank. The purchase price was 1 euro. The swift action by European Central Bank and European Union officials defied critics who said a system for winding down sick banks, put into place at the end of 2014, was too unwieldy to deal with a fast-moving crisis. "It's very positive for establishing the new banking policy framework," said Nicolas Veron, a senior fellow at Bruegel, a research organization in Brussels. "It will demonstrate to a number of people that the framework is working better than many doubters expected." The rescue is the first in which the European Central Bank has determined that a eurozone lender has failed or is about to fail. The central bank assumed authority over eurozone banks in 2014 as part of changes intended to prevent banking crises like that of 2008. But the failure of Banco Popular, felled by its exposure to toxic mortgages left over from a housing boom, was nevertheless a reminder that, nearly a decade after the financial crisis, the eurozone's banking system remains vulnerable. Many banks in Italy, Germany and elsewhere in the 19-country euro area suffer from piles of bad loans, thin capital cushions and meager profits. The woes of banks continue to weigh on economic growth in the bloc. The "painful experience" for Banco Popular investors "could be repeated elsewhere in Europe", Mason Stevens hed of equities Marcus Tuck said. "Some other banks, most notably in Italy, Portugal, Spain and Greece, could be considered vulnerable. Now that the SRB has set this precedent, bank investors outside of senior debt will be a lot less trusting/complacent than they were." So far, though, the failure of the Spanish lender has been met with a shrug. Banco Santander bought Banco Popular for 1 euro. Photo: Bloomberg 12:10pm CSL is on a tear this morning, rising nearly 3 per cent to $135.14 following an upgrade to 'buy' by UBS, which also lifted its price target to $145. The main reason for the upgrade is that the analysts now expect CSL competitor Shire to pursue a less intensive "brand and price" strategy, allowing CSL to sustain about 11 per cent plasma volume growth to FY25. Initial UBS estimates had assumed that Shire would resume a volume-based strategy upon its 2019 opening of its new USA plant; at which point CSL's current 11 oer cent volume growth would revert to around 7 per cent, analyst Andrew Goodsall writes in a note to clients. "However, with 18-24 month lead time, SHP has not sought to open sufficient centres ahead of the new plant, and it is increasingly apparent that SHP will pursue a less capital intense 'brand & price' strategy. This confers long term structural advantage to CSL's volume strategy." CSl is one of this year's high flyers among blue chips, soaring 34.5 per cent in 2017. CSL hsa been one of this year's high flyers. Photo: James Davies Back to top 11:50am Japan's economic growth in the January-March period was severely revised down from the original estimate because of a downward adjustment in business inventories, the Cabinet Office said, underscoring the fragility of its export-led expansion. Japan's economy, the world's third largest, expanded at an annualised rate of 1.0 per cent in the January-March period, less than half the preliminary estimate of 2.2 per cent growth, Cabinet Office data showed. The revised gross domestic product (GDP) data compared with economists' forecast of a 2.4 per cent expansion. The Cabinet Office data follows a recent run of indicators that suggests continued economic growth in the current quarter because of solid exports and factory output, although wage growth and household spending remain lacklustre, despite a tight job market. The weaker-than-expected GDP data will likely worry the Bank of Japan, which is expected to stand pat at its next rate review on June 15-16. A majority of the economists projected in a Reuters poll last month the BoJ's next move would be pulling back its stimulus. Analysts say that to sustain economic growth, the export-led recovery must spread to domestic demand especially given the risk of potential slowdown in overseas economies, particularly the US economy, which some see in a late stage of expansion. 11:38am Big miss in today's trade numbers: the trade balance fell to a surplus of just 560 million in April from a surplus of $3.1 billion in March. Economists had tipped a surplus of $2 billion.  But a big slump in exports, which fell 8.0 per cent - mainly due to disruptions to coal exports following Cyclone Debbie - while imports were down 1.0 per cent, was behind the fall in the surplus. The Aussie dollar slipped about two-tenths of a cent to the day's low of US75.25¢. 11:14am Bega Cheese has upped the ante on the nation's biggest dairy processor, Murray Goulburn, by setting an opening milk price nearly 20 per cent higher than its besieged rival.  Bega revealed it would pay an opening price of $5.50 per kilogram of mik solids, which was 10 per cent higher than what it paid farmers a year ago. The price is also 17 per cent above the $4.70/kg price Murray Goulburn set just two days ago, when it also revealed it was launching a strategic review of its operations and capital structure including the controversial profit sharing mechanism, which links the milk price to dividends.  Murray Goulburn is traditionally the industry's price setter, with rival processors offering prices in line or at times slightly higher. However, Murray Goulburn has been constrained by what it can offer farmers this year as it digests a horror 12 months where it lost 20 per cent of its milk supply when it retrospectively cut prices to suppliers as its profits took a hit on lower than expected Chinese sales.  Farmers were hoping rival processors would lift prices significantly because $4.70/kg was below the cost of production. Bega Cheese shares are up 0.2 per cent at $5.76, while Murray Goulburn's MG Unit Trust has lost another 1.5 per cent to 66 cents, extending the slide of the past two days. Good news for dairy farmers. Photo: Nicolas Walker 11:03am A large decline in house prices from current elevated levels poses the "single largest domestic risk" for the Australian economy, according to the  Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development. In its June economic outlook report, the OECD flagged the possibility of a sharp fall in house prices as the major risk factor for the economy and said that, if it eventuates, such a drop could reduce household wealth and consumption and damage the construction sector, leading to significant job losses. The OECD noted that house prices in some markets are still rising despite the use of macroprudential tools and that could prompt the central bank to tighten the cash rate towards the end of the year.  "House prices in some markets, already very high, are still rising fast despite macro-prudential tightening," the OECD said in the report.  The organisation said that it expects the RBA will start lifting rates in the second half of 2017, which will take some heat off house prices. This is at  odds with market pricing, which has the cash rate staying at 1.5 per cent through December. But the OECD said higher interest rates alone will not be enough to address high house prices and household debt.  "High house prices and household debt still pose macroeconomic and financial risks, which call for continued use of macro-prudential tools," it said.  The OECD predicts the RBA will raise rates later this year to cool the housing market. Photo: Henry Zwartz 10:35am Stocks have opened lower, led down by a slide in the energy sector as well as another fall in Wesfarmers. The ASX is down 0.4 per cent at 5644.7, on track for a fourth straight session in the red and a fall of more than 5 per cent since its recent high at the start of May. Weak commodity prices hurt, as does a stronger Australian dollar, says CMC chief market strategist Michael McCarthy. "Recent underperformance by Australian stocks may continue, although a private equity bid for Vocus Communications could see aggressive short sellers pause for thought." Energy stocks are taking a beating after oil prices plunged nearly 5 per cent overnight, on the back of a surprise rise in US stockpiles. Woodside has lost 2.2 per cent, Oil Search is down 3.4 per cent, Caltex has slid 3.2 per cent, while BHP is outperforming with a 0.5 per cent loss. Wesfarmers is extending yesterday's thumping in the wake of its strategy day, falling another 1.3 per cent to below $40. Among the winners are utilities and health-care stocks, with CSL up 2.1 per cent following a broker upgrade and AGL Energy rising 1.3 per cent. The big banks are mixed, with Westpac rising 0.2 per cent and the other big three slightly lower, while Telstra has dropped 1 per cent. Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 118 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Bill Gates May Soon Lose His Spot As ... Contains: External link The Big Four Whingeing About The Bank ... Contains: External link Most Popular Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ 'You're kidding' - how Aussies banks mistreat customers Sydney householders sitting very tight – we don’t want to sell ASX snaps losing streak as CSL soars Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Investors should be 'crossing their fingers' as risk rises Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early Iron ore, debt could send Aussie back to US50¢ Coles admits most of its workforce underpaid One step forward, two back: How to rort 457 visas Canberra Times The ACT suburb paying almost $10k in rates Popular Canberra breakfast radio team are no more What's behind the hoarding - inside 'Monaro Mall' Westside Container Village's new home In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism The Sydney Morning Herald New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 Qantas shares flying, but Joyce hit exit button early 'She wanted to yell out but she couldn't': Four men on trial for party gang rape The Age New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack 'Inspiring' reporter and journalism educator Jill Singer dead at 60 Historic industrial property set to become new suburb Death toll rises to eight in London attack after body found Boy's diary puts paedophile near beach when Beaumont children disappeared Brisbane Times Protesting councillor warned to 'get out of the way' of $115 million Wynnum Road project Claim $50,000 found in Paul Pisasale's plane luggage was for friend barrister Two new high schools planned for inner-city Brisbane In two short sentences, the White House just partially excused terrorism Sara Zelenak confirmed as killed in London terror attack WA Today Perth boy in ICU after hospital gives insulin overdose 'The prettiest girl in the school': How teacher lured his teenage victims New footage reveals sheer violence of Andrew Bolt attack Global ranking puts one Australian uni in top 20 West Australian town with lowest toddler vaccination rate revealed Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Account Details News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
null
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail Yuan central parity rate stays strong for 6th day Updated 2017-06-08 09:29:57 Global Times Experts attribute currency's strength to adjusted pricing model The yuan's central parity rate against U.S. dollar remained strong for a sixth straight trading day on Wednesday, which experts attributed mainly to China's newly adjusted yuan-dollar pricing model. Data from the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (CFETS) showed that Wednesday's central parity rate for the yuan strengthened 76 basis points against the dollar to 6.7858 - its strongest level since November 2016. Meanwhile, foreign institutions boosted their forecast for the yuan. Both Morgan Stanley and HSBC have raised their yuan forecasts to 6.9 against the U.S. dollar by the end of this year, in comparison with previous estimates of 7.1, according to media reports. "The recent appreciation is the result of China's decision to introduce a -'counter-cyclical factor' into its existing yuan's pricing mechanism," Xu Gao, chief economist at China Everbright Securities, told the Global Times on Wednesday. Such an adjustment was proposed by a working group under the China FX Committee, which aimed to moderate pro-cyclical fluctuations caused by irrational sentiment in foreign exchange market, CFETS said in a post on its official website on May 26. The new mechanism was necessary to stabilize the Chinese currency, following Moody's decision to downgrade China's credit rating and amid rising expectations for a U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate hike in June, Xu said. On May 24, Moody's Investors Service cut China's credit rating to A1, from Aa3, the first downgrade since 1989. On that day, the onshore yuan weakened 11 basis points to 6.8909 against the dollar. The Wednesday's onshore yuan rates stayed steady at around 6.79. And the offshore yuan rates weakened by about 0.27 percent at 6.77. Jing Ulrich, vice chairman of Asia Pacific at JPMorgan Chase, said at a press conference held in Beijing on Tuesday that the Chinese yuan may be supported by soft U.S. dollar. JPMorgan predicted that the yuan is prone to be steady against the dollar for all of 2017, despite some short-term fluctuations. Xu agreed, adding that in the following months, the dollar will confront depreciation pressure due to economic uncertainties under the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58June 08 2017 22:04:40 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16June 08 2017 22:04:40 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18June 08 2017 22:04:40 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/what-could-go-wrong-dow-gains-35-points-ahead-of-thursday-thriller-1496872377 Stocks to Watch What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller Stocks took a sanguine view today towards tomorrow's potentially market-moving events. Should we be worried? By Ben Levisohn June 7, 2017 5:52 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks finished higher today even as oil prices tumbled and former FBI Director James Comey's prepared remarks were released ahead of his testimony tomorrow. What are they seeing ahead of tomorrow's trifecta of potentially market-moving events? Illustration: Agence France-Presse/Getty Images The S&P 500 advanced 0.2% to 2,433.14 today, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 37.46 points, or 0.2%, to 21,173.69. The Nasdaq Composite gained 0.4% to 6,297.38. The price of oil dropped 5.1% to $45.72 a barrel, the lowest since May 4. The release of Comey's prepared remarks ahead of tomorrow's testimony helped lift markets today, but that doesn't change the fact that he still will be taking questions from Senators tomorrow. The folks at Todd Market Forecast note that Comey's testimony isn't the only event that will be front and center for investors on Thursday: The market was largely in a holding pattern on Wednesday. Yes, the averages were higher, but there were more declining issues than advancing ones on the NYSE. I'm still concerned about the overbought 5 day RSI, but not concerned enough to issue a short term sell signal. There is a lot of concern about some events scheduled for Thursday...On Thursday we get jobless claims. Also, the UK election, the ECB meeting and Comey's testimony will command a lot of attention. The market's sideways action has some technical analysts feeling a bit antsy. JPMorgan's Jason Hunter and Alix Tepper "see a growing probability for a summer top and correction into fall." They explain why: The S&P 500 Index continues to trend higher, but we see a growing probability that the market will form a medium-term top this summer, in what has been our 2,392-2,489 2017 base-case target zone. There are some initial signs of trend deceleration on the daily and weekly time frames. At this point, the absence of a clear distribution pattern favors trailed stop-loss strategies as the best way to manage long risk. However, if a top pattern does unfold in the weeks ahead, we think it would make sense to exit long risk and even tactically position for a correction into the fall. In our view, it would take a material reversal of the Treasury bull trend to repair the health of the equity rally and avoid a setback into the fall. Without clear signs of overbought conditions or crowded long positions that can drive a potential reversal to higher yields, we are left watching for an improved trend in economic data surprise indices as a catalyst. PAAMCO's Cutler Cook considers how the markets might react to the UK election: As we saw after Brexit, we expect to see most of any market volatility play out first through the currency and from there through to stocks. We anticipate that a larger Tory majority will result in a stronger pound, which could in turn ripple through to weaker stock prices among exporters. Likewise, we would expect any lower-probability outcome, like a hung parliament, to lead to a sharp gap down in Sterling, with higher volatility in equity markets, though the potential for defensive performance from dollar earners. Let the fun begin! Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS The Hot Stock: Signet Jewelers Jumped 4% NEXT Morning Movers: Valeant Gains on iNova Sale, Urban Outfitters Slumps Most Popular Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC What Could Go Wrong? Dow Gains 35 Points Ahead of Thursday Thriller The Market Shows Relief Over Comey Testimony India IT: Heads Up … Layoffs Ahead Alibaba Analyst Meeting Day One: Targets 45% – 49% Revenue Growth, Renames Key Metrics Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
null
null
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ד סיון תשע"ז   |   Thursday, June 8, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Banks Lead U.S. Stocks Slightly Higher; Oil Slumps Banks Lead U.S. Stocks Slightly Higher; Oil Slumps Wednesday, June 7, 2017 at 8:48 pm | י"ג סיון תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stocks slightly higher Wednesday, snapping a two-day losing streak for the market. The latest gains were partially offset by a slide in energy companies following a steep slump in the price of U.S. crude oil, which fell 5.1 percent, its biggest single-day drop in nearly three months. Trading was mostly subdued, with the major indexes trading in a narrow range as investors sized up the latest company earnings and looked ahead to testimony Thursday from former FBI Director James Comey, part of a congressional investigation into Russia’s possible election meddling. Investors will try to glean how the hearing’s outcome may play into the administration’s efforts to carry out Mr. Trump’s pledge to cut taxes, raise infrastructure spending and implement other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 3.81 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,433.14. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 37.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 21,173.69. The Nasdaq composite index added 22.32 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,297.38. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks picked up 1.78 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,396.67. The major indexes remain slightly below record highs set late last week. Stocks wavered between small gains and losses early Wednesday as investors weighed the latest company earnings reports. Financials were the biggest gainers in the S&P 500, rising 0.8 percent. The sector is up 23 percent this year. JPMorgan Chase gained 95 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $83.91. American Express rose $96 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $79.81. Oil futures fell sharply after a report showed that U.S. crude stockpiles grew 3.3 million barrels last week. Experts had expected stockpiles to shrink by 3.5 million barrels. Benchmark U.S. crude slid $2.47, or 5.1 percent, to close at $45.72 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell $2.06, or 4.1 percent, to settle at $48.06 per barrel in London. The steep slide in oil prices sent several oil and gas drilling companies lower. Newfield Exploration was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, losing $2.16, or 7 percent, to $28.90. Helmerich & Payne fell $3.22, or 6 percent, to $50.08. Rig operator Transocean gave up 51 cents, or 5.6 percent, to $8.59. Investors also kept an eye on company earnings Wednesday. Carvana jumped 32.8 percent after the online used car seller posted its first quarterly results as a public company and issued a forecast that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. The stock climbed $3.13 to $12.66. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.18 percent from 2.15 percent late Tuesday. The dollar rose to 109.83 yen from Tuesday’s 109.54 yen. The euro weakened to $1.1252 from $1.1271. Among metals, gold slipped $4.30 to $1,293.20 per ounce. Silver lost 9 cents to $17.62 per ounce. Copper held steady at $2.55 per pound. In other energy futures trading, wholesale gasoline shed 6 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $1.49 per gallon. Heating oil gave up 5 cents, or 3.4 percent, to $1.42 per gallon. Natural gas dipped 2 cents to $3.02 per 1,000 cubic feet. Filed under: Dow Jones, S&P, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related Banks Lead U.S. Stocks Slightly Lower in Afternoon Trading Technology Companies and Banks Take Stocks Higher U.S. Stocks End Slightly Lower in Quiet Trading  Gains for Banks and Materials Lead Stocks to All-Time Highs Stocks Close Higher; Nasdaq Climbs To An All-Time High More in Business Stocks on Edge Before U.K. Election, ECB, Comey Testimony Low-Cost Airlines Shake Up Market for Long Haul Flights Gold Makes Run Toward $1,300 as Risk Flares From U.K. to Mideast Business Briefs – June 7, 2017 Uber Loses Bid to Keep Acquisition Report Secret From Waymo OP-ED Mugged by Reality The New York Times Recklessly Exposes a CIA Operative’s Identity No Room for Conciliation The Smoking Scourge Is Making a Comeback To Die for Estonia? Moment & Momentum: Shavuos Reflections Driving Out Qatar Withdrawal From Paris Accord Was a Wise Decision Hearing Aids for Hunters The U.N. Human Rights Council Whitewashes Brutality The Tune of Tehillim Shavuos — Infinite Fruit Mortal Etiquette vs. Immortal Truth Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia Features Chocolate or Not? How a Common Meditation Technique Can Help You Eat More Healthfully No Food or Drink Will Turn You Into a Calorie-Burning Machine — But These Can Help This Day In History 14 Sivan/June 8 Nonsense Nichum Aveilim 14 Sivan/June 8 Editorial Cartoon – June 7, 2017 Sudoku – June 8, 2017 Because … Just Because This Day In History 13 Sivan/June 7 Silly Cereals Nichum Aveilim 13 Sivan/June 7 Sudoku – June 7, 2017 This Day In History 12 Sivan/June 6 Weather » Brooklyn °F See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,292.71 -4.666 (-0.074%) S&P 500 2,431.34 -1.80 (-0.07%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8902 GBP 0.7725 ILS 3.5407 CHF 0.9675 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Business Business Home Business Breakfast People on the Move Lifestyle Lifestyle home Arts & Entertainment Food Sustainable Living Things to do in Maine Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate Auto Jobs Public Notices Puzzles Crossword Sudoku Podcasts Events CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com e-Edition Newsletters and Alerts Support Reader Services Home Delivery Help FAQs Contact Subscribe Contact Advertising Open Pressherald Home Menu News News Man who fled from Maine on snowmobile gets 18 months in prison More Headlines London police arrest 6 as footage of attack is released Comey testimony: Ranking intel Democrat calls former FBI director’s words ‘disturbing’ More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Politics Community News Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Business Business Marijuana startups set to spike Boston rents More Headlines $50 million Research & Development bond goes to voters Trump’s actions have barely affected U.S. coal industry so far More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job People on the Move Opinion Opinion Another View: British election once made sense, but now it’s practically irrelevant More Headlines Our View: Ranked-choice voters should not be forgotten Maine Voices: On June 13, vote for Question 1 bond to power small-business and tech economy More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Sports Sports Warriors squeak past Cavs 118-113, on verge of a 16-0 playoff sweep More Headlines Sports Digest: Stoops leaves Sooners after 18 years as football coach Wednesday’s boys’ roundup: South Portland advances in baseball More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox Boston Celtics New England Patriots Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Lifestyle Lifestyle Horoscopes for June 8, 2017 More Headlines MaineToday Magazine: Nothing says summer like the Old Port Festival Josh Duggar seeks to join his sisters’ privacy suit More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Restaurant reviews Arts & Entertainment Books Things to do in Maine Religion and Values Sudoku Crossword Obituaries Real Estate Real Estate How to get great pressure-washing results More Headlines Portside Real Estate Group hires competitors 28 Brookside Drive, Falmouth More in Real Estate Home of the Week Featured Home Public Notices Jobs Auto Video Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe>   Business Posted Yesterday at 8:21 PM increase font size Banks lead U.S. stocks slightly higher while oil slumps Investors weigh earnings reports and look ahead to testimony by former FBI chief James Comey. By ALEX VEIGAAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stocks slightly higher Wednesday, snapping a two-day losing streak for the market. The latest gains were partially offset by a slide in energy companies following a steep slump in the price of U.S. crude oil, which fell 5.1 percent, its biggest single-day drop in nearly three months. Trading was mostly subdued, with the major indexes trading in a narrow range as investors sized up the latest company earnings and looked ahead to testimony Thursday from former FBI Director James Comey, part of a congressional investigation into Russia’s possible election meddling. “From an investor perspective it would be nice to get another potential distraction out of the way and move toward the threefold mandate of the Trump administration: deregulation, reduced taxes and improved infrastructure, because they have been delayed, delayed and delayed,” said Erik Davidson, chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 3.81 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,433.14. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 37.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 21,173.69. The Nasdaq composite index added 22.32 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,297.38. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks picked up 1.78 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,396.67. The major indexes remain slightly below record highs set late last week. Stocks wavered between small gains and losses early Wednesday as investors weighed the latest company earnings reports. Comey’s appearance before the Senate intelligence committee will be his first public comments since he was abruptly ousted by President Trump on May 9. The former director’s associates say Trump asked Comey if he could back off an investigation into Michael Flynn, who was fired as national security adviser because he misled the White House about his ties to Russia. Investors will try to glean how the outcome of the hearing may play into the administration’s efforts to forge ahead with Trump’s pledge to cut taxes, increase infrastructure spending and implement other business-friendly policies. Financials were the biggest gainers in the S&P 500, rising 0.8 percent. The sector is up 23 percent this year. Speculation that the Federal Reserve may raise its key interest rate at a meeting of policymakers next week likely helped lift the sector on Wednesday, said Davidson. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which boosts profits. JPMorgan Chase gained 95 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $83.91. American Express rose $96 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $79.81. Oil futures fell sharply after a report showed that U.S. crude stockpiles grew 3.3 million barrels last week. Experts had expected stockpiles to shrink by 3.5 million barrels. Benchmark U.S. crude slid $2.47, or 5.1 percent, to close at $45.72 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell $2.06, or 4.1 percent, to settle at $48.06 per barrel in London. The steep slide in oil prices sent several oil and gas drilling companies lower. Newfield Exploration was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, losing $2.16, or 7 percent, to $28.90. Helmerich & Payne fell $3.22, or 6 percent, to $50.08. Rig operator Transocean gave up 51 cents, or 5.6 percent, to $8.59. Investors also kept an eye on company earnings Wednesday. Carvana jumped 32.8 percent after the online used car seller posted its first quarterly results as a public company and issued a forecast that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. The stock climbed $3.13 to $12.66. Duluth Holdings slumped 18.6 percent after the clothing and tools supplier reported disappointing earnings. The stock slid $3.82 to $16.75. Video compression chip maker Ambarella sank 10.2 percent after its guidance on sales of vision chips used by drones stoked concern among investors. The stock gave up $6.12 to $53.60. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.18 percent from 2.15 percent late Tuesday. The dollar rose to 109.83 yen from Tuesday’s 109.54 yen. The euro weakened to $1.1252 from $1.1271. Among metals, gold slipped $4.30 to $1,293.20 per ounce. Silver lost 9 cents to $17.62 per ounce. Copper held steady at $2.55 per pound. In other energy futures trading, wholesale gasoline shed 6 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $1.49 per gallon. Heating oil gave up 5 cents, or 3.4 percent, to $1.42 per gallon. Natural gas dipped 2 cents to $3.02 per 1,000 cubic feet. Share Read or Post Comments Send questions/comments to the editors. Want the news vital to Maine? Our daily headlines email is delivered each morning. Email* Newsletter Choices* Daily Headlines Breaking News Business Headlines High School Sports Real Estate * I understand the Terms of Service. Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
null
null
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines 911 call for ride to Hooters ended with trip to Florida jail  Hooking mortality study starts on Cowlitz River Fishing report 6/8 Bonneville Trails Foundation to meet June 20 Two youth fishing events scheduled Volunteers put together sleeping mats for Share Clark Talks: Podcast delves into Insitu Group’s expansion in Gorge No fishing license needed this weekend in Washington Officers in Tuesday chase, fatal shooting after robbery identified The Vancouver Police Department has identified the three officers who shot a credit union robbery suspect in a gunfight just… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Hooking mortality study starts on Cowlitz River Fishing report 6/8 Bonneville Trails Foundation to meet June 20 Two youth fishing events scheduled No fishing license needed this weekend in Washington Treatment plant used to raise crappie Durant rallies Warriors to bring title within reach Zunino’s home run rallies Mariners in ninth All-Region girls track and field: Dai’lyn and Jai’lyn Merriweather of Union Seattle selects influential investor Washougal hires pair of assistants to fill basketball vacancies Washougal High School hired a pair of assistant coaches – including one with extensive playoff background as a prior head… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Portland OKs permit for nation’s first timber high-rise Suit: Chipotle owes overtime to thousands Proposed Kalama methanol plant gets key permit Vancouver waterfront developer gets loan for towers Sec. Acosta defends merging anti-discrimination agencies Banks lead stocks slightly higher Idaho officials OK plan to close coal plant Amazon to hire over 1,000 for Troutdale site Meeting for Vancouver Energy permit today at Clark College Clark Public Utilities manager receives $10,000 pay raise Portland OKs permit for nation’s first timber high-rise PORTLAND — Officials in Oregon have approved construction permits for the first all-wood high-rise building in the nation. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Energy Adviser: Lightbulb smarts can test our savvy Ceiling fans smarter, sleeker than ever Color block gardens find artistry in saturated hues Study of commercial robberies charts how consoling people are Appliances: A guide to repairing, replacing The wheel hoe, essential for small-scale growers, comes full circle Gardening with Allen: Yes, line trimmers can be bad for trees DNA from mummies reveals their ancestry Quest: Finding right water glass Dr. Seuss museum now open Color block gardens find artistry in saturated hues Some of the most striking gardens aren’t a riot of multiple colors but a carefully curated assemblage of hues. Using… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Get Real About REAL ID Parker: Even staunch supporters want Trump to stop tweeting Letter: Wheeler’s muzzle is misplaced Letter: Trump is right on climate accord Letter: Budget cuts are warranted Letter: Make America great, remove Trump Letter: Don’t be distracted Letter: Trump’s bloviating is harmful In Our View: Congrats, Graduates Camden: Will climate alliance pit blue states against red states? Editorial Cartoons, June 4-10 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Volunteers keep Battle Ground Rose Parade float afloat Applause Volunteer Opportunities Everybody Has a Story: Boy frankly didn’t give a damn about Tara, until … Spotlight on Youth Washougal students get free haircuts from booster club Teens practice interviews, get hired at Employment Summit Author visits Woodland to promote childhood reading Students learn in six-week Cooking Matters course Evergreen superintendent, parent honored by state association Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Banks lead stocks slightly higher Gains were balanced by slip in energy companies after U.S. crude drops By ALEX VEIGA, Associated Press Published: June 7, 2017, 4:06 PM A   A Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stocks slightly higher Wednesday, snapping a two-day losing streak for the market. The latest gains were partially offset by a slide in energy companies following a steep slump in the price of U.S. crude oil, which fell 5.1 percent, its biggest single-day drop in nearly three months. Trading was mostly subdued, with the major indexes trading in a narrow range as investors sized up the latest company earnings and looked ahead to testimony Thursday from former FBI Director James Comey, part of a congressional investigation into Russia’s possible election meddling. “From an investor perspective it would be nice to get another potential distraction out of the way and move toward the threefold mandate of the Trump administration: deregulation, reduced taxes and improved infrastructure, because they have been delayed, delayed and delayed,” said Erik Davidson, chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 3.81 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,433.14. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 37.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 21,173.69. The Nasdaq composite index added 22.32 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,297.38. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks picked up 1.78 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,396.67. The major indexes remain slightly below record highs set late last week. Stocks wavered between small gains and losses early Wednesday as investors weighed the latest company earnings reports. Comey’s appearance before the Senate intelligence committee will be his first public comments since he was abruptly ousted by President Donald Trump on May 9. The former director’s associates say Trump asked Comey if he could back off an investigation into Michael Flynn, who was fired as national security adviser because he misled the White House about his ties to Russia. Investors will try to glean how the outcome of the hearing may play into the administration’s efforts to forge ahead with Trump’s pledge to cut taxes, increase infrastructure spending and implement other business-friendly policies. Financials were the biggest gainers in the S&P 500, rising 0.8 percent. The sector is up 23 percent this year. Speculation that the Federal Reserve may raise its key interest rate at a meeting of policymakers next week likely helped lift the sector on Wednesday, said Davidson. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which boosts profits. JPMorgan Chase gained 95 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $83.91. American Express rose $96 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $79.81. Oil futures fell sharply after a report showed that U.S. crude stockpiles grew 3.3 million barrels last week. Experts had expected stockpiles to shrink by 3.5 million barrels. Benchmark U.S. crude slid $2.47, or 5.1 percent, to close at $45.72 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell $2.06, or 4.1 percent, to settle at $48.06 per barrel in London. The steep slide in oil prices sent several oil and gas drilling companies lower. Newfield Exploration was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, losing $2.16, or 7 percent, to $28.90. Helmerich & Payne fell $3.22, or 6 percent, to $50.08. Rig operator Transocean gave up 51 cents, or 5.6 percent, to $8.59. Investors also kept an eye on company earnings Wednesday. Carvana jumped 32.8 percent after the online used car seller posted its first quarterly results as a public company and issued a forecast that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. The stock climbed $3.13 to $12.66. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Live: Comey hearing Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories MGH surgeons left patients waiting under anesthesia while they did second surgeries, whistle blower charges ‘Cloud’ over Trump is now a full-blown thunderstorm Transgender principal Asa Sevelius shares powerful message in Brookline Dan Shaughnessy: Piling on Red Sox pitcher David Price makes no sense Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Banks lead US stocks slightly higher E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Associated Press  June 07, 2017 Banks and other financial companies led US stocks slightly higher Wednesday, snapping a two-day losing streak for the market. The latest gains were partially offset by a slide in energy companies following a 5.1 percent slump in the price of US crude oil, its biggest single-day drop in nearly three months. Advertisement Trading was mostly subdued, as investors sized up the latest company earnings and looked ahead to testimony Thursday from former FBI director James Comey, part of a congressional investigation into Russia’s possible election-meddling. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 0.2 percent, to 2,433.14. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.2 percent, to 21,173.69. The Nasdaq composite added 0.4 percent, to 6,297.38. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks picked up 0.1 percent, to 1,396.67. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here The major indexes remain slightly below the record highs set late last week. Financials were the biggest gainers in the S&P 500, rising 0.8 percent. The sector is up 23 percent this year. Speculation that the Federal Reserve may raise its key interest rate at a meeting next week probably helped lift the sector on Wednesday. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which boosts profits. Advertisement JPMorgan Chase and American Express both rose 1.2 percent. Oil futures fell sharply after a report said US crude stockpiles grew 3.3 million barrels last week. Experts had expected stockpiles to shrink by 3.5 million barrels. Benchmark US crude slid $2.47, or 5.1 percent, to close at $45.72 per barrel in New York. The steep slide in oil prices sent several oil and gas drilling companies lower. Newfield Exploration was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, losing 7 percent. Helmerich & Payne fell 6 percent. Rig operator Transocean gave up 5.6 percent. Investors also kept an eye on company earnings Wednesday. Carvana jumped 32.8 percent after the online used car seller posted its first quarterly results as a public company and issued a forecast that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations. Duluth Holdings slumped 18.6 percent after the clothing and tools supplier reported disappointing earnings. Video compression chip maker Ambarella sank 10.2 percent after its guidance on sales of vision chips used by drones stoked concern among investors. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi XL Group Ltd Announces Tender Offers for up to $550 Million Aggregate Maximum Repurchase Amount of Certain Outstanding Securities of XLIT Ltd. and Catlin Insurance Company Ltd. News provided by XL Group Ltd 07 Jun, 2017, 18:05 ET Share this article HAMILTON, Bermuda, June 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- XL Group Ltd (NYSE: XL) (the "Company") today announced that its direct, wholly-owned subsidiary, XLIT Ltd. ("XL-Cayman"), has commenced tender offers to purchase for cash of up to an aggregate maximum repurchase amount of $550,000,000 (the "Aggregate Maximum Repurchase Amount") the securities of XL-Cayman and Catlin Insurance Company Ltd., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and XL-Cayman ("Catlin-Bermuda") listed in the table below (collectively, the "Securities").  The closing of the tender offers is contingent upon, among other things, the successful completion of an anticipated fixed-rate debt financing transaction resulting in gross proceeds of at least $500,000,000 (the "Financing Condition"). CUSIP/ISINs Title of Securities Acceptance Priority Level Liquidation Preference Per Share or Principal Amount Per Note Aggregate  Liquidation Preference or Principal Amount Outstanding Series Cap Reference Security (a) Offer Price G98296109 / KYG982961099   Series D Preference Ordinary Shares of XLIT Ltd.   1 $1,000 $350,000,000 N/A N/A $935.00 98372P AJ7 / US98372PAJ75 Series E Preference Ordinary Shares of XLIT Ltd.   2 $1,000 $1,000,000,000 N/A N/A $930.00 149206 AA2 / 144A ISIN = US149206AA21 Reg S ISIN = USG1970AAA28 Non-Cumulative Preference Preferred Shares of Catlin Insurance Company Ltd. 3 $1,000 $600,000,000 N/A N/A $965.00 98420EAD7 / US98420EAD76 5.500% Subordinated Notes of XLIT Ltd. due 2045   4 $1,000 $500,000,000 $100,000,000 3% UST due February 15, 2047 +220bps (b) (a) The Reference Security (as defined below) will be priced at 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Price Determination Date (as defined below), as quoted on "FIT1" on the Bloomberg Bond Trader page. (b) The Offer Price (as defined below) for 2045 Notes (as defined below) will be equal to the Total Consideration (as defined below) for the 2045 Notes validly tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Date (as defined below) and accepted for purchase and will be calculated using the Fixed Spread (as defined below).  The 2045 Notes that are validly tendered after the Early Tender Date but prior to or at the Expiration Date (as defined below) and that are accepted for purchase will be entitled to the Total Consideration minus the Early Tender Payment.  XL-Cayman will only accept for purchase 2045 Notes up to the 2045 Notes Cap (as defined below). The tender offers consist of offers on the terms and conditions set forth in the offer to purchase, dated June 7, 2017 (as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Offer to Purchase"), including the offers to purchase for cash of up to the Aggregate Maximum Repurchase Amount the Series D Preference Ordinary Shares of XL-Cayman (the "Series D Offer"), the Series E Preference Ordinary Shares of XL-Cayman (the "Series E Offer"), the Non-Cumulative Preference Preferred Shares of Catlin-Bermuda (the "CICL Offer" and, together with the Series D Offer and the Series E Offer, the "Equity Offers") and the 5.500% Subordinated Notes of XL-Cayman due 2045 (the "2045 Notes", and such offer, the "2045 Notes Offer") that will not result in the aggregate amount that all holders of Securities are entitled to receive, excluding accrued and unpaid dividends or interest, for their Securities that are validly tendered and accepted for purchase in the tender offers (collectively, the "Offers," and each such tender offer, an "Offer") to exceed the Aggregate Maximum Repurchase Amount.  The Offers are also subject to a minimum tender condition of such amount of validly tendered Securities that would result in an aggregate purchase price of at least $100,000,000 (the "Minimum Condition") and the Financing Condition.  XL-Cayman intends to use cash on hand, including proceeds received from the currently anticipated fixed-rate debt financing that XL-Cayman currently intends will satisfy the Financing Condition, to fund the purchase price for the Securities validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offers.  The Offers will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on July 6, 2017, unless we extend the Offers (such time and date as the same may be extended, the "Expiration Date"). Withdrawal rights for the Offer relating to the 2045 Notes will terminate at 5:00 p.m., New York City time on June 20, 2017 (the "Notes Withdrawal Deadline").  Securities tendered in the Equity Offers may be withdrawn at any time prior to the Expiration Date. Holders of 2045 Notes must validly tender 2045 Notes at or prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 20, 2017 (the "Early Tender Date") to receive the early tender payment (the "Early Tender Payment") of $50 per $1,000 principal amount of 2045 Notes.  There is no Early Tender Date or Early Tender Payment for the Equity Offers. On the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offers, XL-Cayman will pay the offer price (the "Offer Price") with respect to the applicable series of Securities listed in the table above, plus an amount equal to accrued but unpaid dividends or interest up to, but not including, the date such Securities are purchased, net to the tendering holder in cash, without interest, for Securities validly tendered and not validly withdrawn. Holders of any 2045 Notes that are validly tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Date and that are accepted for purchase will receive the applicable Total Consideration.  The Total Consideration, as calculated using the Fixed Spread, includes the Early Tender Payment.  Holders of any Securities that are validly tendered after the Early Tender Date but prior to or at the Expiration Date and that are accepted for purchase will receive the applicable Total Consideration minus the Early Tender Payment. The Early Tender Date is the last time and day for holders to tender 2045 Notes in order to be eligible to receive the Total Consideration. The acceptance by XL-Cayman of any Securities validly tendered in the Offers will be subject to, among other things, the Aggregate Maximum Repurchase Amount and the acceptance priority levels noted in the table above (the "Acceptance Priority Levels").  All Securities validly tendered in the Offers having a higher Acceptance Priority Level (with "1" being the highest Acceptance Priority Level and "4" being the lowest) will be accepted before any validly tendered Securities having a lower Acceptance Priority Level are accepted.  XL-Cayman will only accept for purchase 2045 Notes up to a maximum aggregate purchase price of $100,000,000 (the "2045 Notes Cap"), subject to the Aggregate Maximum Repurchase Amount, the Acceptance Priority Levels and proration. If there are sufficient remaining funds pursuant to the Aggregate Maximum Repurchase Amount to purchase some, but not all of the Securities of an Acceptance Priority Level, the amount of Securities purchased in that series may be subject to proration.  The amount of 2045 Notes purchased may also be subject to proration if the acceptance for purchase of 2045 Notes up to the Aggregate Maximum Repurchase Amount would result in the 2045 Notes Cap being exceeded. The consideration (the "Total Consideration") offered per $1,000 principal amount of 2045 Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the 2045 Notes Offer will be determined in the manner described in the Offer to Purchase by reference to the fixed spread of +220bps for the 2045 Notes (the "Fixed Spread") plus the applicable yield to maturity based on the bid-side price of the U.S. Treasury Reference Security (the "Reference Security") for the 2045 Notes, the 3% UST due February 15, 2047, as quoted on the "FIT1" on the Bloomberg Bond Trader page at 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 21, 2017 (the "Price Determination Date"). Unlike Securities tendered in the Equity Offers, 2045 Notes tendered in the 2045 Notes Offer may not be withdrawn subsequent to the Notes Withdrawal Deadline.  In addition, since the results of the Equity Offers will not be known until the Expiration Date, which may be extended, holders who tender 2045 Notes at or prior to the Early Tender Date will not know whether their 2045 Notes will be accepted for purchase in the 2045 Notes Offer until the Expiration Date and will not be able to withdraw their 2045 Notes during the period between the Early Tender Date and the Expiration Date.  Any of the Offers may be amended in any respect in XL-Cayman's sole discretion, subject to applicable law. Information Relating to the Offers The Offer to Purchase for all of the Securities is being distributed to holders beginning today. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are acting as dealer managers for all Offers. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is acting as dealer manager for the Series E Offer, the CICL Offer and the 2045 Notes Offer, but not the Series D Offer.  Investors with questions regarding the tender offers may contact Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at (800) 558-3745 (toll-free) or (212) 723-6106 (collect), J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (866) 834-4666 (toll free) or (212) 834-3424 (collect) or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC at (866) 309-6316 (toll free) or (704) 410-4760 (collect).  Global Bondholder Services Corporation is the tender and information agent for the tender offers and can be contacted at (866) 470-4500 (toll-free) or (212) 430-3774 (collect).  Holders may obtain a copy of the Offer to Purchase online at the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") at www.sec.gov as an exhibit to the Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO filed by XL-Cayman with the SEC on the date hereof.  Holders are urged to read the Offer to Purchase carefully before making any decision with respect to the Offers. Holders must make their own decisions as to whether to participate in the Offers, and if they decide to do so, the number or amount of Securities to tender. None of the Company or its affiliates, their respective boards of directors, the dealer managers, the tender and information agent or the trustee with respect to any series of Securities is making any recommendation as to whether holders should tender any Securities in response to any of the Offers, and neither the Company nor any such other person has authorized any person to make any such recommendation. This press release is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to buy, or the solicitation of an offer to sell, any of the Securities and the tender offers do not constitute offers to buy or the solicitation of offers to sell Securities in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offers or solicitations are unlawful.  The full details of the Offers, including complete instructions on how to tender Securities, are included in the Offer to Purchase.  Holders are strongly encouraged to read carefully the Offer to Purchase, including materials incorporated by reference therein, because they will contain important information. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the Company's or XL-Cayman's beliefs, plans or expectations, are forward-looking statements.  These statements are based on current plans, estimates and expectations, all of which involve risk and uncertainty.  Statements that include the words "expect," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "project," "anticipate," "may," "could," "would," "look" or similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature identify forward-looking statements.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those predicted are set forth under "Risk Factors" or "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and our other documents on file with the SEC.  Neither the Company nor XL-Cayman undertakes any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. About XL Group Ltd XL Group Ltd (NYSE: XL), through its subsidiaries and under the XL Catlin brand, is a global insurance and reinsurance company providing property, casualty and specialty products to industrial, commercial and professional firms, insurance companies and other enterprises throughout the world.  Clients look to XL Catlin for answers to their most complex risks and to help move their world forward.  To learn more, visit www.xlgroup.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xl-group-ltd-announces-tender-offers-for-up-to-550-million-aggregate-maximum-repurchase-amount-of-certain-outstanding-securities-of-xlit-ltd-and-catlin-insurance-company-ltd-300470724.html SOURCE XL Group Ltd Related Links http://www.xlgroup.com. 19 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: XL Group Ltd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.22 per Common Share My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 11 Apr, 2017, 16:15 ET XL Group Ltd Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.22 per Common... 11 Apr, 2017, 16:15 ET XL Group Ltd to Release First Quarter 2017 Results on Wednesday,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Insurance Stock Offering You just read: XL Group Ltd Announces Tender Offers for up to $550 Million Aggregate Maximum Repurchase Amount of Certain Outstanding Securities of XLIT Ltd. and Catlin Insurance Company Ltd. News provided by XL Group Ltd 07 Jun, 2017, 18:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Latest Ireland World Sport Business Showbiz Lotto Ireland Today Business Farming World Deaths Weather National Weather Connacht Leinster Munster Ulster World More Web Archive Horoscopes Special Reports HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 London attack Manchester terror attack Cork Marathon 2017 Fine Gael leadership Lions Tour Home»Breaking News»business Bank stocks help US market break two-day losing streak Wednesday, June 07, 2017 - 10:55 pm Banks and other financial companies led US stocks slightly higher on Wednesday, snapping a two-day losing streak for the market. The latest gains were partially offset by a slide in energy companies following a steep slump in the price of US crude oil, which fell 5.1%, its biggest single-day drop in nearly three months. Trading was mostly subdued, with the major indexes trading in a narrow range as investors sized up the latest company earnings and looked ahead to testimony Thursday from former FBI Director James Comey, part of a congressional investigation into Russia's possible election meddling. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 3.81 points, or 0.2%, to 2,433.14. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 37.46 points, or 0.2%, to 21,173.69. The Nasdaq composite index added 22.32 points, or 0.4%, to 6,297.38. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks picked up 1.78 points, or 0.%, to 1,396.67. The major indexes remain slightly below record highs set late last week. Stocks wavered between small gains and losses early on Wednesday as investors weighed the latest company earnings reports. Financials were the biggest gainers in the S&P 500, rising 0.8%. The sector is up 23% this year. JPMorgan Chase gained 95 cents, or 1.2%, to 83.91 dollars. American Express rose 96 cents, or 1.2%, to 79.81 dollars. Oil futures fell sharply after a report showed that US crude stockpiles grew 3.3 million barrels last week. Experts had expected stockpiles to shrink by 3.5 million barrels. Benchmark US crude slid 2.47 dollars, or 5.1%, to close at 45.72 dollars per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 2.06 dollars, or 4.1%, to settle at 48.06 dollars per barrel in London. The dollar rose to 109.83 yen from Tuesday's 109.54 yen. The euro weakened to 1.1252 dollars from 1.1271 dollars. In Europe, London's FTSE 100 slid 0.6% ahead of Thursday's British elections. Traders were also looking ahead to a policy meeting of the European Central Bank on Thursday. Germany's DAX slipped 0.1%, while France's CAC 40 fell 0.1%. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 and Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 were unchanged. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.2%. Seoul's Kospi shed 0.4%. AP READ MORE Visit the section home page here Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section 'Emergency measures' needed to solve chefs crisis, say restaurants BA passengers still waiting for compensation after bank holiday chaos Economic outlook concludes that many new jobs in Ireland are 'low paid' Dublin Airport enjoys 5% increase in passenger numbers in May Today's Stories Providence shares soar on back of ‘super major’ deal Uber facing UK tax row ECB faces another tough decision OECD warning on new house price bubble Lifestyle The Beatles are back with remastered 'Sgt Pepper's' Long and winding musical road A QUESTION OF TASTE - Ciara Higgins 11 things I never knew about flying ... until I became a flight attendant More From The Irish Examiner Nuns at polling stations is an election quirk to rival #dogsatpollingstations The person who set this Times crossword is the hero we need right now Meet some of the glorious dogs at polling stations as UK goes to polls Watch this hero jump through the window of a moving car to help the driver who was having a seizure Woman lets alpaca into her house to escape the rain, goes utterly viral Man at centre of viral tornado picture gives first Irish interview Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Call of Duty WWII to feature new Divisions System Apple's Planet of the Apps launches Lotto Results Wednesday, June 07, 2017 4 9 17 20 23 33 19 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories 120 people, mostly military families, feared dead after plane goes missing Man asks match to leave mid-way through first date and we're still cringing Man guilty of assault in row over breastfeeding Man killed in suspected hit-and-run named locally DPP to get file on death of young mother Anger as gang of up to 10 terrorises the people of Killorglin Dr Una May hits back at Eamonn Fitzmaurice claims Gardaí search Co. Cork house in connection with missing woman investigation Latest: Man arrested in Wexford is released; Gardai to get third more armed response officers Taxpayer faces €10,000 bill to put the A back in Lahinch NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Padraic Maher claims Tipp players opt to laugh off ‘ridiculous’ rumours Lions feeling Blue as chaos abounds and discipline fails LIFESTYLE The Beatles are back with remastered 'Sgt Pepper's' Long and winding musical road     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
null
null
null
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 72° Scattered Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Shioi Construction donates vehicle Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:45 am NAWILIWILI — Kelvin Moniz, executive director of the Kauai Independent Food Bank, said they really needed the van Wednesday when representatives of Shioi Construction turned over keys to a vehicle to the food bank. Comments (0) Consulting group presents findings on makeup of Kekaha Landfill Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:30 am LIHUE — Waste from construction sites and paper products are the most common kinds of waste at the Kekaha Landfill. Comments (0) Recent Schatz: town core, traffic and PMRF priorities KLA safety tools offered Road closures for Kamehameha Day Parade Interim superintendent named Man pleads guilty to kidnapping Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Pono ends with 2-1 record in Kalaheo Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:00 am KALAHEO — Kaulupono 8G’s Kierstin Gummerus netted a game-high 15 points and Kaye Serapio added 11 points to lead the Westside girls to a 38-19 win over the 8G A‘o Uka Rebels during the youth summer basketball league games played at the Kalaheo Neighborhood Center. Comments (0) Kauai tennis trio heading to Arizona Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — Michael and Mark Fitzgerald, 11, and Hi‘ilani Williams, 9, will be packing their tennis rackets when they leave for Tucson, Arizona in July. Comments (0) Recent Rapozo, Acoba take Mana drag racing honors Green gives Lakers life Hole-in-ones in Wailua Molokai Farmer finds gold in Waimea Leigh Idica earns The Swimmer of the Meet award Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Here’s hoping grant helps end substance abuse Posted: June 06, 2017 - 12:05 am Just say no to drugs. Comments (0) Auditor’s Office not removed from county budget Posted: June 05, 2017 - 12:05 am The Garden Island erroneously reported in its June 2 editorial that the Office of the County Auditor was eliminated during the Kauai County Council’s fiscal year 2017-18 budget decision-making session. Comments (3) Recent Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Feast for the senses Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:15 am KAPAA — Yes, Taste of Hawaii is about food, drink and music. Comments (0) A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Recent Kachi kachi the night away In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International Asian shares flat as UK vote, ECB meeting loom Story Comments Image (4) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Kin Cheung Asian shares flat as UK vote, ECB meeting loom People walk across a street in downtown of the Central, a business district of Hong Kong, Thursday, June 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung) Kin Cheung Asian shares flat as UK vote, ECB meeting loom A man walks by an electronic stock board showing the Hang Seng Index at a bank in Hong Kong, Thursday, June 8, 2017. Asian stocks benchmarks were mostly edging Thursday as investors parsed economic data and awaited market-moving events in Europe, including Britain's general election and a European Central Bank meeting. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung) Kin Cheung Asian shares flat as UK vote, ECB meeting loom A man walks by an electronic stock board showing the Hang Seng Index at a bank in Hong Kong, Thursday, June 8, 2017. Asian stocks benchmarks were mostly edging Thursday as investors parsed economic data and awaited market-moving events in Europe, including Britain's general election and a European Central Bank meeting. (AP Photo/Kin Cheung) Peter Morgan US stocks edge higher in afternoon trading; oil slumps FILE - In this Friday, Feb. 17, 2017, file photo, an American flag hangs on the front of the New York Stock Exchange hours after the market closed, in New York. Technology and health care stocks are leading U.S. market indexes slightly higher in early trading on Wall Street, Wednesday, June 7, 2017. (AP Photo/Peter Morgan, File) Posted: Wednesday, June 7, 2017 6:15 pm | Updated: 7:20 pm, Wed Jun 7, 2017. Asian shares flat as UK vote, ECB meeting loom Associated Press | 0 comments HONG KONG (AP) — Asian stocks benchmarks were fairly steady Thursday as investors parsed economic data and awaited market-moving events in Europe, including Britain's general election and a European Central Bank meeting. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was practically unchanged at 19,986.98 and South Korea's Kospi lost 0.3 percent to 2,353.23. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.2 percent to 26,028.25 and the Shanghai Composite index in mainland China rose 0.1 percent to 3,144.81. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 inched up 0.1 percent to 5,674.30. DATA DUMP: Japan released revised first-quarter data that showed Asia's second-largest economy expanded an annualized 1 percent, a significant drop from last month's initial 2.2 percent estimate, according to Kyodo News. The downgrade was based mainly on a drop in crude oil inventories. China trade figures, meanwhile, showed that export and import growth accelerated last month. BRITAIN VOTES: Political risk is rising to the top of investors' minds as voters prepare to go to the polls for Britain's general election. The race looks to be tighter than expected as the Conservatives' lead over Labour narrowed sharply in recent weeks. An unexpected outcome could play havoc with global markets and the pound. ECB MEETS: Investors will be keeping an eye on the European Central Bank's meeting and news conference later in the day, where policymakers are expected to sketch out their latest plans for the bank's bond-buying stimulus program. ECB chief Mario Draghi told a parliamentary hearing recently that the 19-nation eurozone's economy is improving but it still needs heavy stimulus. QUOTEWORTHY: "Asian markets are still expected to idle in this trend of mixed performances ahead of the key events," said Jingyi Pan, market strategist at IG. The release of prepared testimony by fired FBI Director James Comey ahead of his appearance before the Senate has reduced some risk to markets, she said. "However, as one half of the equation in raising global growth outlook, European markets' performance post the ECB meeting and UK election could still have an impact on emerging Asian markets." WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks eked out small gains. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 0.2 percent to close at 2,433.14. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.2 percent to 21,173.69. The Nasdaq composite index added 0.4 percent to 6,297.38. ENERGY: Oil futures stabilized after slumping on unexpected news that U.S. crude stockpiles grew 3.3 million barrels last week. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 26 cents to $45.98 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract slid $2.47, or 5.1 percent, to close at $45.72 per barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 33 cents to $48.39 per barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.90 yen from 109.83 in late trade Wednesday. The euro strengthened to 1.255 from $1.1262. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play ARTICLE: Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play More about General News ARTICLE: Durant's shot sends perfect Warriors over Cavs in Finals Durant's shot sends perfect Warriors over Cavs in Finals Durant's shot sends perfect Warriors over Cavs in Finals Durant's shot sends perfect Warriors over Cavs in Finals Durant's shot sends perfect Warriors over Cavs in Finals More about Oil And Gas Industry Interior chief to review sage-grouse conservation plan ARTICLE: Interior chief to review sage-grouse conservation plan ARTICLE: Business Highlights ARTICLE: How major US stock market indexes fared on Wednesday Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National, World on Wednesday, June 7, 2017 6:15 pm. Updated: 7:20 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Oil And Gas Industry, Energy Industry, Stock Prices, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Stock Price Movements, Stock Performance, Corporate Stock, Corporate News, Crude Oil Markets, Energy Markets, Commodity Markets, Financial Markets, Stock Indices And Averages, Stock Markets, Brent Crude Markets, Legislature Hearings, Legislature, Government And Politics, Japanese Yen, Currency Markets, General Elections, Elections | Location Tags: East Asia, Asia, United States, North America, Russia, Eastern Europe, Europe, Japan, Hong Kong, China, Greater China, United Kingdom, Western Europe Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Teacher recovering from hit-and-run accident Council approves pursuing grant to move Hanalei overlook Rose-ringed solution Kauai Humane Society overflowing Fight night on the Westside All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (38) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Online poll Who will win the NBA Championship? Total Votes: 344 Cleveland (Yay) 28 8% Golden State (Boo) 147 43% I don’t follow basketball and don’t care. 169 49% Loading… Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives The Canada Project Contact us Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives The Canada Project Contact us News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Evan Solomon Paul Wells All Authors Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Brian Bethune Mark Brown Meagan Campbell Joe Castaldo Terra Ciolfe James Cowan Prajakta Dhopade Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Murad Hemmadi Aaron Hutchins Brian D. Johnson Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Catherine McIntyre Leah McLaren Shannon Proudfoot Jennifer Robson Graham Scott Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey David Thomas Paul Wells Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   1 What is Canada’s infrastructure bank for? Pierre Poilievre on the risk of loan guarantees as part of Canada’s new infrastructure bank’s operations Pierre Poilievre June 7, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Spectators watch as workers place a new section of the deck for the Angus L. Macdonald Bridge spanning the harbour in Halifax on Saturday, October 31, 2015. The project is called The Big Lift and involves replacement of the suspended spans of the structure. Commuters have faced nightly and weekend closures and delays travelling between Halifax and Dartmouth. (Andrew Vaughan/CP) If your banker asked for $1,000, you would probably reply: “what for?” The Liberal government is asking taxpayers for $35 billion—which roughly equals $1,000 per Canadian—to start a new “infrastructure bank.” So it’s fair for us to ask: “what for?” Let us go through the possible reasons until we find the real one. The most obvious reason is to fund infrastructure. But there is nothing preventing private sector banks, capital markets, pension funds, and private equity enterprises from investing in infrastructure. In fact, they already bankroll trillions of dollars of construction projects—to the tune of $2 trillion worldwide, according to estimates in the government’s Fall Economic Update. With so much private money, the last thing we should need is a government bank to provide more. So that can’t be the reason. Perhaps we need the new bank to bridge those private dollars into public projects, like mass transit? Yet, here again, the government’s Fall Economic Statement boasts that such investments are already happening. It cited the $2 billion Canada Line that moves over 120,000 passengers daily between Vancouver’s downtown, suburbs, and airport, with investment from SNC-Lavalin and Quebec’s Caisse de dépôt pension plan. Quebec pensioners helped build mass transit for British Columbians, whose transit fares help fund Quebec pensions. But just as with the privatizations of the 407 toll highway in Toronto and the Canadian National Railway, there was no need for a government bank to attract private infrastructure dollars. So what is the bank for? The answer appears to have been given by the Canadian Electricity Association, in its submission to the House of Commons transport committee on how the bank should work: “Also important is the inclusion of de-risking mechanisms such as loan guarantees….” Bingo. In one sentence, the power companies explained the real purpose of this bank: taxpayer-funded guarantees that protect investors from losses. Indeed, the government bill that creates the infrastructure bank uses the term “loan guarantee” 14 times. So the power companies are onto something. Their submission uses the term “de-risking,” “de-risk,” or “reduce risk” about five times. The prefix “de-” implies the bank can delete risk, like a magician making a grenade disappear before it can detonate in his lap. In reality, a government “loan guarantee” merely moves the grenade to Mr. Taxpayer’s lap. Years ago, institutional investors could get taxpayer-funded returns from sleepy government bonds. But interest rates have been so low for so long that the only way to make real money is to invest in riskier ventures, like building power plants. A JP Morgan Asset Management report indicated that merchant power generation offers potential returns of 14 to 20 per cent, but its risk level is “high.” Cost overruns, revenue shortfalls, construction delays, or labour disputes could cause major losses—unless a new government bank offers loan guarantees to protect against loss. Currently, governments force builders to cover cost-overruns through fixed-price contracts and to buy bankruptcy insurance to keep the project on budget if the contractor goes under. Not with the infrastructure bank. Testifying before the Commons’ transport committee, the top public servant responsible for the bank described it as a tool for “underwriting sophisticated, highly complex projects.” The word “underwriting” comes from the 17th century London insurers who would literally write their names under a list of cargo on board a shipping vessel. If the ship sank, so did the underwriter’s money. Taxpayers could sink billions of dollars by underwriting infrastructure projects. It is easy to imagine why the investor would want such a deal. But why would a government, elected by taxpayers, agree? At closed-door meetings in Davos, New York, and Toronto and in direct talks with officials, the most powerful financial interests on earth have given their two cents to the government on how the bank should work. It is the golden rule: those with the gold make the rules. Their rules are simple: they get the rewards and taxpayers get the risk. Now that we know what (and who) the bank is for, those who will pay the price must fight to stop it. Pierre Poilievre is the Conservative MP for Carleton. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Editor's Picks infrastructure bank pierre poilievre Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous The Liberals’ defence policy: So much, and too little Next James Comey testifies to Congress: Live video Show comments Hide comments (1) What is Canada’s infrastructure bank for? I know it’s a word no one wants to utter, but we would be better off increasing our national debt than borrowing private money. In other words print money, The one caveat here would be to keep the loan separate from the national debt and all revenues derived from infrastructure development goes to pay down the loan. Reply ↓ butchns on June 8, 2017 at 6:50 am Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Donald Trump's vulgar reply to the London attacks The Canada150 Quiz Countdown trivia test: Day 125! The public theatre of the Bill Cosby trial The London attack: It's getting harder to keep calm and carry on The London attack and Britain's shattered illusion of immunity Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   The Canada most people don’t see 66 comments Google says these are Canada’s most misspelled words Is Toronto’s housing market decline for real? 1 comment Bill Cosby’s Canadian accuser stands tall at his trial 1 comment Canada supports a ‘values’ test. But not the values of the far right. 7 comments How Céline Dion became cool 2 comments The ‘honest and unfiltered’ Donald Trump 2 comments Why British Columbia should hold another election—right away 9 comments Chrystia Freeland explains the world for you 15 comments If you’ve ever smoked marijuana, beware of the U.S. border 4 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services Subscribe log in Site Site Archive Stocks edge higher; oil slides Wednesday Jun 7, 2017 at 11:31 AM Jun 7, 2017 at 4:44 PM The Associated Press U.S. stocks moved slightly higher in late-afternoon trading Wednesday as gains in banks were partially outweighed by a slide in energy companies following a steep slump in crude oil prices. Investors were sizing up the latest company earnings and looking ahead to former FBI Director James Comey's congressional testimony Thursday as part of the investigation into Russia's possible election meddling. KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,432 as of 3:42 p.m. Eastern Time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 33 points, or 0.2 percent, to 21,170. The Nasdaq composite index added 18 points, or 0.3 percent, to 6,293. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks added less than 1 point, or 0.1 percent, to 1,395. The stock market is coming off a two-day losing streak that has pulled indexes below record highs set late last week. EYE ON WASHINGTON: Comey's testimony Thursday before the Senate intelligence committee will be his first public comments since he was abruptly ousted by President Donald Trump on May 9. The former director's associates say Trump asked Comey if he could back off an investigation into Michael Flynn, who was fired as national security adviser because he misled the White House about his ties to Russia. THE QUOTE: "What's coming out of D.C. is very newsworthy, but it's not very policy focused," said Erik Davidson, chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank. "Even with what's been released there hasn't been a market impact." ENERGY: Oil futures fell sharply after a report showed that U.S. crude stockpiles grew 3.3 million barrels last week. Experts had expected stockpiles to shrink by 3.5 million barrels. Benchmark U.S. crude slid $2.47, or 5.1 percent, to close at $45.72 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell $2.06, or 4.1 percent, to settle at $48.06 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline shed 6 cents, or 4.1 percent, to $1.49 per gallon. Heating oil gave up 5 cents, or 3.4 percent, to $1.42 per gallon. Natural gas dipped 2 cents to $3.02 per 1,000 cubic feet. OIL FALLOUT: The steep slide in oil prices sent several oil and gas drilling companies lower. Newfield Exploration lost $2.06, or 6.6 percent, to $29. Helmerich & Payne fell $3.33, or 6.3 percent, to $49.97. Rig operator Transocean gave up 53 cents, or 5.8 percent, to $8.57. SMOOTH RIDE: Carvana jumped 31.2 percent after the online used car seller posted its first quarterly results as a public company and issued a forecast that exceeded Wall Street's expectations. The stock climbed $2.97 to $12.50. BOOST FOR LENDERS: Several financial sector stocks headed higher, reflecting investor expectations of a possible interest rate hike next week by the Federal Reserve. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which boosts profits. JPMorgan Chase gained $1.10, or 1.3 percent, to $84.06. American Express rose $1, or 1.3 percent, to $79.85. BAD QUARTER: Duluth Holdings slumped 18.4 percent after the clothing and tools supplier reported disappointing earnings. The stock slid $3.78 to $16.79. DRONE ON: Ambarella turned in better-than-expected quarterly results, but its stock sank 9.4 percent after the video compression chip maker's guidance on sales of vision chips used by drones stoked concern among investors. The stock gave up $5.60 to $54.12. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield held rose to 2.17 percent from 2.15 percent late Tuesday. CURRENCY: The dollar rose to 109.82 yen from Tuesday's 109.54 yen. The euro weakened to $1.1260 from $1.1271. METALS: Gold slipped $4.30 to $1,293.20 per ounce. Silver lost 9 cents to $17.62 per ounce. Copper held steady at $2.55 per pound. MARKETS OVERSEAS: London's FTSE 100 slid 0.6 percent ahead of Thursday's British elections. Elsewhere in Europe, traders were also looking ahead to a policy meeting of the European Central Bank on Thursday. Germany's DAX slipped 0.1 percent, while France's CAC 40 fell 0.1 percent. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 and Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 were unchanged. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.2 percent. Seoul's Kospi shed 0.4 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services My Profile Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Pay Your Ad Bill Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Woo Challenge Virtual Job Fair Best of Hometeam Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Pay Your Ad Bill Propel Marketing Services Careers at the T&G Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
null
sbzsyfybfeftbuetvbxwa Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 1 + 1? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 1 + 1? Email for new password What is 1 + 1? Home » Financial Advisor » FA Online » Financial Industry Pushes For Streamlined Fintech Regs June 8, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Invest In Women 2017 Inside Retirement 2017 Morningstar Conference 2017 TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share Financial Industry Pushes For Streamlined Fintech Regs June 7, 2017 • Ted Knutson The Center for Financial Services Innovation, composed of Charles Schwab and some of the biggest banks in the nation, is pushing for an interagency innovation team of federal financial regulators to spur fintech growth. “The team may help make duplications and gaps more obvious, and propose solutions,” said CFSI Vice President Jeanne Hogarth in prepared testimony for a Congressional hearing on fintech Thursday. The consortium would serve as a clear front door to help entrepreneurs unfamiliar to get the information they need about financial regulations, she added. Big hindrances to growth are the different missions of the many federal agencies that oversee fintech, she said, claiming that many state rules are stifling the development of financial technologies. “These hurdles could be reduced by providing ways to harmonize state license applications, to arrange for reciprocal recognition of licenses and to arrange for multistate or national licensing agreements,” Hogarth said. The Center for Financial Innovation is funded by some of the nation’s most prominent financial companies, including Schwab, Bank of America, MetLife, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley and VISA. The nonprofit Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is also a member of the organization. A host of financial institutions, from large money-center banks to smaller credit unions to community-based non-profits, are embracing fintech as a way to better serve their customers, Hogarth pointed out. “What people want and need is more automation of good choices, but not full automation—they want control and transparency. They want advice that is in their own best interest. Financial technologies and innovations can help consumers spend, save, borrow and plan safely and effectively, enabling them to manage their day-to-day finances [and] weather financial shocks,” she said. Fintech innovation must be balanced with consumer protection, she said. Consumers Union Attorney Christina Tetreault told the congressmen they and regulators should not hesitate to hold fintech companies to the highest standards. Loading Other Articles... First « 1 2 » Next To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Is it too easy for companies to replace U.S. workers with less-expensive foreign labor? Yes No View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
null
News Sports Business Real Estate 82° Full Menu 82° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:11 Mother accepts son's diploma posthumously Pause 1:22 The ABCs of charter schools 1:45 Lunch with a Cop 1:13 Booker T. student is surprised with a scholarship to FAMU 2:02 Shane Battier can't hold back tears after granting students scholarships 1:31 Rare vocal talent was discovered at a McDonald’s drive-thru 1:27 Teaming up to fight school funding cuts 1:45 Former homeless student flourishes at MDC 0:38 College signing day for stars who do all their high scoring on tests 2:47 Prom fashion for Miami teens in need Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email An anonymous donor has given $1 million to Miami-Dade Schools in the name of 6-year-old King Carter, who was killed in February 2016 when three teens, who police say had gotten into an argument on Facebook, started firing outside an apartment complex. School officials, King's family, and members of Northwestern High School gathered for the announcement of the gift on Wednesday, June 7, 2017. Carl Juste The Miami Herald An anonymous donor has given $1 million to Miami-Dade Schools in the name of 6-year-old King Carter, who was killed in February 2016 when three teens, who police say had gotten into an argument on Facebook, started firing outside an apartment complex. School officials, King's family, and members of Northwestern High School gathered for the announcement of the gift on Wednesday, June 7, 2017. Carl Juste The Miami Herald Education June 07, 2017 3:09 PM Mystery donor gives $1 million to Miami-Dade schools in King Carter’s memory By Kyra Gurney kgurney@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story One year after 6-year-old King Carter’s life ended in tragedy, a mystery donor has pledged $1 million to pay for a new academic center in Northwest Miami-Dade to give other kids opportunities King never got to experience. On Wednesday, the Miami-Dade school district announced the anonymous donation, which will be used to support the King Carter Academy of Trade & Logistics at Miami Northwestern Senior High, a hands-on program that will prepare students for careers in a growing industry. The donation will also pay for the expansion of an existing trade and logistics program at Miami Central Senior High, the school King likely would have attended had he not been struck by a stray bullet in February 2016 while on his way to buy candy in his Northwest Miami-Dade apartment complex. “I’m thankful and I’m very blessed that we could reach out to other kids and let them have an opportunity that my child didn’t because his life was cut,” said King’s mother, Monica Smith. “He didn’t even finish first grade.” CARL JUSTE cjuste@miamiherald.com The goal of the academy is to prepare at-risk students for job opportunities, keeping them off the streets where gun violence has claimed too many young lives in recent years. “What we know is that engaged kids are successful kids,” said Miami-Dade Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho. “Idle kids fall prey to danger.” When it opens in August, the academy will combine internships and other hands-on training with core academic classes, preparing graduates for entry-level jobs in trade and logistics. International trade supports more than 100,000 jobs in Miami-Dade County, and trade and logistics is a growing industry fueled in part by PortMiami and Miami International Airport. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:11 Mother accepts son's diploma posthumously Pause 1:22 The ABCs of charter schools 1:45 Lunch with a Cop 1:13 Booker T. student is surprised with a scholarship to FAMU 2:02 Shane Battier can't hold back tears after granting students scholarships 1:31 Rare vocal talent was discovered at a McDonald’s drive-thru 1:27 Teaming up to fight school funding cuts 1:45 Former homeless student flourishes at MDC 0:38 College signing day for stars who do all their high scoring on tests 2:47 Prom fashion for Miami teens in need Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email A father still grieves, one year after losing his son to gun violence Santonio Carter describes the difficulties of moving on one year after his son, 6-year-old King Carter, was killed by a stray bullet while playing outside his Northwest Miami-Dade apartment. Jose A. Iglesias jiglesias@miamiherald.com But the number of qualified employees hasn’t kept up with the demand for jobs, and trade and logistics companies in Miami often struggle to find workers with the right skill set, according to a report from JPMorgan Chase. The recent designation of the 79th Street Corridor as a foreign trade zone — among the first nationwide in an economically disadvantaged urban area — will likely increase the need for skilled employees. Northwestern High and Central High are the closest public high schools to the 79th Street Corridor. The donor has insisted on anonymity, the school district said. It’s unclear whether the donor has a personal connection to Northwestern Senior High or King Carter’s family. The donation will come in two chunks — $700,000 in the next few weeks and $300,000 later on. King was killed on Feb. 20, 2016, when three teens who police say had gotten into an argument on Facebook started firing outside the Blue Lake Village apartments at Northwest 103rd Lane and 12th Avenue. King was struck in the chest. Tamar Teems, 17, Irwen Pressley, 19, and Leonard Adams, 19, have been charged with second-degree murder. “We will never forget that day, but we must always remember the memory of King Carter,” Carvalho said. “And what better way than connecting King Carter’s name to schools in our neighborhood, schools that perhaps he would have attended, schools that perhaps he would have thrived in.” Miami Herald staff writer Chabeli Herrera contributed to this report. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:11 Mother accepts son's diploma posthumously Pause 1:22 The ABCs of charter schools 1:45 Lunch with a Cop 1:13 Booker T. student is surprised with a scholarship to FAMU 2:02 Shane Battier can't hold back tears after granting students scholarships 1:31 Rare vocal talent was discovered at a McDonald’s drive-thru 1:27 Teaming up to fight school funding cuts 1:45 Former homeless student flourishes at MDC 0:38 College signing day for stars who do all their high scoring on tests 2:47 Prom fashion for Miami teens in need Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Video: Miami-Dade hosts a town hall for children to talk about gun violence Miami-Dade hosted a town hall meeting for kids and teens to talk about gun violence Thursday, Feb. 25, 2016, at the African Heritage Cultural Arts Center in Miami. Matias J. Ocner Miami Herald staff Monica Smith and Santonio Carter, King Carter’s parents, stand next to Miami-Dade Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho as they look at the $1 million check presented to the school district. Carl Juste cjuste@miamiherald.com CARL JUSTE cjuste@miamiherald.com CARL JUSTE cjuste@miamiherald.com CARL JUSTE cjuste@miamiherald.com 1 of 4 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:11 Mother accepts son's diploma posthumously Pause 1:22 The ABCs of charter schools 1:45 Lunch with a Cop 1:13 Booker T. student is surprised with a scholarship to FAMU 2:02 Shane Battier can't hold back tears after granting students scholarships 1:31 Rare vocal talent was discovered at a McDonald’s drive-thru 1:27 Teaming up to fight school funding cuts 1:45 Former homeless student flourishes at MDC 0:38 College signing day for stars who do all their high scoring on tests 2:47 Prom fashion for Miami teens in need Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 days ago Mother accepts son's diploma posthumously 1:11 7 days ago Mother accepts son's diploma posthumously 1:22 20 days ago The ABCs of charter schools 1:45 23 days ago Lunch with a Cop View More Video Education Spread love, not hate. Barry University remembers Pulse Senator will try to defund controversial schools bill Legislature’s session isn’t so special. It’s getting testy. School funding runs out June 30. Senate seeks fail-safe; House won’t agree. North Miami seventh grader chosen for Duke University talent search Education Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Thursday, June 8, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Carbon County Court news Wednesday, June 7, 2017 Prothonotary’s report A total of case 335 were started in April in the office of Carbon County Prothonotary Joann M. Behrens, according to a monthly statistical report released by the officeholder. A breakdown of cases is as follows: Civil actions, 32; custody complaints, 21; complaints to modify custody, 15; district justice appeals, 4; divorce complaints, 24; complaints in ejectment, 3; eminent domain/declaration of taking, 1; license appeals, 5; mortgage foreclosure complaints, 18; complaint in partition, 1; name change petition, 1; protection from abuse petitions, 30; quiet title action, 1; tax sales, 2; zoning appeal, 1; judgments, 143; miscellaneous cases, 2; stipulations/waivers of liens, 4; and writs of executions, 27. The office also processed 151 applications for U.S. passports and assisted the public in the processing of 40 passport renewal applications. Behrens’ financial report for April shows $35,555.12 was generated as follows: prothonotary’s fees, $29,578.55; interest income, $4.57; custody/divorce fees, $1,235; PFA Surcharge, Sheriff, $50; PFA Surcharge, Courts, $56.30; data processing fees, $4,597.20, stenographer fees, $33.50; and remote access fees, $1,200. The prothonotary also remitted $4,473.64 to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Department of Revenue, representing state fees collected locally, and $38.40 to the Administrative Offices of the Pennsylvania Courts, this being surcharges on new custody cases in accordance with Act 119 of 1996. Another $1,235 was deposited in the Prothonotary’s Automation Fund for future use in automating the office. Deeds recorded Penn Forest Township Bayview Loan Servicing LLC, to Basma Faris, Brooklyn, New York, property at 44 Sycamore Circle, Albrightsville, $38,000. Mark S. D’Antonio to Timothy Kollhoff, Aldan, Lot 1277, Section III, Towamensing Trails, $165,000. Sheriff of Carbon County to Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, Fort Mill, South Carolina, property at 757 Keats Lane, Albrightsville, $1. Ewa Mioduszewski to Ronald McCuen, P.O. Box 1872, Albrightsville, property at 19 MacCauley Road, Albrightsville, $110,500. Nova Holdings LLC, to Eric Strauch, 4145 Upper Smith Gap Road, Saylorsburg, property along Red Ridge Trail, Indian Mountain Lakes, Albrightsville, $4,347. Mary Shedaker to Katia Pouleva, Edison, New Jersey, Hickory Run Forest lots 19 and 20, Section A, $11,000. Sheriff of Carbon County to Branch Banking and Trust Company, Greensboro, North Carolina, property at 20 Watauga Lane, Albrightsville, $1. Richard A. Stephen to Jessica Marie Krzywicki, 99 Pawnee Trail, Albrightsville, property at 99 Pawnee Trail, $84,000. Sheriff of Carbon County to Bank of New York Mellon, Lewisville, Texas, property at 90 Narragansett Trail, Albrightsville, $1. Giancosimo Santilli to Jonathan F. Shuman, Fleetwood, property at 102 Burnshaw Lane, Albrightsville, $125,000. JPMorgan Chase bank N.A., to Marc Keitel, Manorville, New York, property at 875 Towamensing Trails, Albrightsville, $65,000. Miraslava Harter to Monica S. White, 85 Oneida Trail, Albrightsville, Lot 2605, Section Tall Trees, Mount Pocahontas, $169,500. SVC Properties LLC, to William Morris, P.O. Box 644, Albrightsville, Lot V1591, Section V, Towamensing Trails, $4,000. John F. Mish to Martin J. Klobosits Jr., Catasauqua, Lot 108, Section A, Hickory Run Forest, $7,200. Rosalind A. Feskanin to Gina Marie Fritz, Lopatcong, New Jersey, Lot 365, Section I, Towamensing Trails, $1. Joseph Bannon to Joseph Bannon, 214 Eliot Lane, P.O. Box 2148, Albrightsville, property at 214 Eliot Lane, $1. Kenneth P. Kievit to Robert W. Stefanowski, P.O. Box 622, Albrightsville, Lot 416, Section I, Towamensing Trails, $3,500. John F. Mish to Martin J. Klobosits Jr., Catasauqua, Lot 108, Section A, Hickory Run Forest, $7,200. Rosalind A. Feskanin to Gina Marie Fritz, Lopatcong, New Jersey, Lot 365, Section I, Towamensing Trails, $1. Judith Knappenberger to Jason Pychinka, 151 Unionville Road, Jim Thorpe, Lot 6, James Knappenberger Minor Subdivision, $26,000. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
