Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Blackbaud Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blackbaud Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Short Interest Update Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) Stock Price Up 8.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zacks: RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (RXII) Given $8.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank Of Canada Increases Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Price Target to C$61.00 Eaton Vance Tax Managed Buy Write Opport (ETV) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust (EFT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Q4 2016 EPS Estimates for Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Boosted by Analyst Sysorex Global (SYRX) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Magic Software Enterprises Ltd. (MGIC) Given $8.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts FY2016 Earnings Estimate for First Majestic Silver Corp. Issued By Desjardins (FR) Treehouse Foods, Inc. (THS) Trading 12.4% Higher Following Earnings Beat Investors Sell Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) on Strength on Insider Selling Traders Buy Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Shares Bought by Brown Capital Management LLC February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Brown Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Blackbaud, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLKB) by 3.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 5,233,597 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 161,684 shares during the period. Blackbaud makes up about 4.9% of Brown Capital Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 4th largest position. Brown Capital Management LLC owned approximately 11.34% of Blackbaud worth $334,950,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Blackbaud by 617.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 249,961 shares of the company’s stock valued at $16,583,000 after buying an additional 215,142 shares in the last quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Blackbaud by 4.3% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 856,890 shares of the company’s stock valued at $56,846,000 after buying an additional 35,398 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Blackbaud by 44.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 36,606 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,429,000 after buying an additional 11,253 shares in the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Blackbaud by 23.1% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 15,860 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,053,000 after buying an additional 2,973 shares in the last quarter. Finally, New York State Common Retirement Fund boosted its position in shares of Blackbaud by 10.1% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 881,739 shares of the company’s stock valued at $58,495,000 after buying an additional 80,899 shares in the last quarter. Shares of Blackbaud, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLKB) traded down 2.28% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $62.06. The company had a trading volume of 505,050 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $2.86 billion, a PE ratio of 95.48 and a beta of 0.93. The company has a 50 day moving average of $66.03 and a 200 day moving average of $65.55. Blackbaud, Inc. has a one year low of $51.49 and a one year high of $71.76. Blackbaud (NASDAQ:BLKB) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.59 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.55 by $0.04. Blackbaud had a return on equity of 27.58% and a net margin of 3.97%. The firm earned $198.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $195.48 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.38 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.8% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Blackbaud, Inc. will post $1.90 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Shares Bought by Brown Capital Management LLC” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/blackbaud-inc-blkb-shares-bought-by-brown-capital-management-llc.html. Several equities analysts have weighed in on the company. Bank of America Corporation cut Blackbaud from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $65.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised Blackbaud from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, November 7th. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $75.00 price target on shares of Blackbaud in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. Finally, JMP Securities started coverage on Blackbaud in a report on Thursday, October 13th. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $69.89. In other Blackbaud news, Director Joyce Nelson sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.69, for a total transaction of $64,690.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 14,254 shares in the company, valued at $922,091.26. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Michael P. Gianoni sold 3,973 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.00, for a total value of $250,299.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 250,456 shares in the company, valued at approximately $15,778,728. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 24,013 shares of company stock worth $1,567,084 in the last quarter. 2.74% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Blackbaud Blackbaud, Inc is a provider of software and services for the global philanthropic community. The Company’s segments include the General Markets Business Unit (the GMBU), the Enterprise Customer Business Unit (the ECBU) and the International Business Unit (the IBU). The GMBU is focused on marketing, sales, delivery and support to all emerging and mid-sized prospects and customers in North America. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BLKB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Blackbaud, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLKB). Receive News & Ratings for Blackbaud Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blackbaud Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Regions Financial Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regions Financial Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Pier 88 Investment Partners LLC Invests $350,000 in Regions Financial Corporation (RF) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Pier 88 Investment Partners LLC purchased a new stake in Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 24,400 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $350,000. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. LSV Asset Management boosted its stake in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 1.0% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 33,541,284 shares of the company’s stock valued at $331,052,000 after buying an additional 329,900 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 46.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 27,096,781 shares of the company’s stock valued at $267,446,000 after buying an additional 8,617,323 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 3.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 21,845,472 shares of the company’s stock valued at $215,615,000 after buying an additional 764,361 shares in the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 2.4% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 15,123,951 shares of the company’s stock valued at $149,274,000 after buying an additional 356,101 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. boosted its stake in shares of Regions Financial Corporation by 70.7% in the second quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 11,942,752 shares of the company’s stock valued at $101,633,000 after buying an additional 4,944,933 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.07% of the company’s stock. Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) traded down 0.75% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $14.47. 11,858,442 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $14.41 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.73. The company has a market capitalization of $17.58 billion, a PE ratio of 16.56 and a beta of 1.37. Regions Financial Corporation has a 52 week low of $7.00 and a 52 week high of $14.93. Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.23 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.23. The business had revenue of $1.39 billion for the quarter. Regions Financial Corporation had a net margin of 19.49% and a return on equity of 7.09%. Regions Financial Corporation’s revenue was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.21 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Regions Financial Corporation will post $0.97 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Pier 88 Investment Partners LLC Invests $350,000 in Regions Financial Corporation (RF)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/pier-88-investment-partners-llc-invests-350000-in-regions-financial-corporation-rf.html. Several analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG upped their target price on shares of Regions Financial Corporation from $10.50 to $13.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Piper Jaffray Companies restated an “overweight” rating and set a $11.50 target price (up from $11.00) on shares of Regions Financial Corporation in a research report on Friday, October 21st. FBR & Co upgraded shares of Regions Financial Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Sandler O’Neill cut shares of Regions Financial Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $11.50 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated a “sell” rating and set a $10.00 price target on shares of Regions Financial Corporation in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Regions Financial Corporation presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $11.80. In related news, EVP William E. Horton sold 50,000 shares of Regions Financial Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.99, for a total value of $649,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 81,434 shares in the company, valued at $1,057,827.66. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP William E. Horton sold 12,000 shares of Regions Financial Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $13.17, for a total transaction of $158,040.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 19,434 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $255,945.78. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 205,848 shares of company stock worth $2,892,215 over the last three months. Insiders own 0.88% of the company’s stock. Regions Financial Corporation Company Profile Regions Financial Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company conducts its banking operations through Regions Bank, an Alabama state-chartered commercial bank, which is a member of the Federal Reserve System. It operates in three segments: Corporate Bank, which represents its commercial banking functions, including commercial and industrial, commercial real estate and investor real estate lending; Consumer Bank, which represents its branch network, including consumer banking products and services related to residential first mortgages, home equity lines and loans, small business loans, indirect loans, consumer credit cards and other consumer loans, as well as the corresponding deposit relationships, and Wealth Management, which offers individuals, businesses, governmental institutions and non-profit entities a range of solutions to enable transfer of wealth. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF). Receive News & Ratings for Regions Financial Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regions Financial Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cincinnati Financial Co. (CINF) Shares Sold by Linscomb & Williams Inc. Next » Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (CBRL) Shares Bought by Bessemer Group Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan Accused of Nickel-and-Diming Jurors on Debit Cards by Christian Berthelsen @CBerthelsen1 More stories by Christian Berthelsen February 8, 2017, 2:21 PM EST February 8, 2017, 4:46 PM EST U.S. bank paid $450,000 to prisoners who claimed ripoffs Lawyer sues bank over fees imposed through debit card For some people, jury duty is a dreaded American civic obligation. Now, JPMorgan Chase & Co. is adding another unwelcome element: banking fees. In a handful of jurisdictions, the biggest U.S. bank by assets handles administration of the juror-compensation system, issuing debit cards instead of the age-old system of paper checks. In addition to the juror pay, the cards also come loaded with fees -- for balance inquiries, for inactivity, for using non-Chase ATMs, for charges with insufficient funds and for cash or check issuance. The funds become impossible to withdraw from an ATM once the balance falls below $20, and in at least one jurisdiction -- Washington, D.C. -- there are no Chase branches or ATMs within 90 miles (145 kilometers), ensuring the funds will eventually be frittered away to the bank. William Mark Scott, a lawyer who served on a jury in Washington last year, sued JPMorgan, accusing it of unjust enrichment and violation of the Consumer Protection Act. He’s seeking to represent all other jurors who were paid with JPMorgan debit cards. "Chase uses its monopolistic control over juror funds to steal captive jurors’ money by assessing unconscionable and deceptive fees," Scott claims. "By making it prohibitively expensive to receive an over-the-counter cash withdrawal from, or to receive a check drawn upon the debit card, Chase ensures a ‘rump’ balance will be left on each debit card -- and forfeited." For more see: JPMorgan Pays Inmates for Fees on Get-Out-of-Jail Debit Card Tasha Pelio, a JPMorgan spokeswoman, declined to immediately comment on the lawsuit. It’s the second time in two years that Chase has been accused of taking advantage of captive customers. In 2015, thousands of ex-convicts said Chase charged predatory fees through debit cards issued to people leaving prison. The cards held prison pay and commissary balances. Chase took over distribution of prisoner pay under a contract with the Federal Bureau of Prisons. Chase paid almost $450,000 to settle the lawsuit. For local courts, having a big bank come in and take over the juror-pay system was welcome relief. The cost of overseeing the system and cutting checks is time-consuming and expensive. In some jurisdictions, budget liabilities swelled into the tens of thousands of dollars as some jurors didn’t bother to cash or deposit checks. The full scope of JPMorgan’s juror pay program is unclear. Washington, Livingston County, Michigan, and Gwinnett County, Georgia, have adopted it, according to a Google search. Fort Bend County, Texas, also considered it but it is unclear if it went into effect there. JPMorgan doesn’t appear to disclose any information about the program in its financial statements. The bank announced in 2014 that it would exit the pre-paid card business, but continues to administer the program in jurisdictions where it is still under contract. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Scott said in his lawsuit that he served in July on a superior court jury in Washington D.C., which pays $30 a day and $4 daily for travel. He got a Chase debit card and was twice charged 25 cents for not having sufficient funds when making a purchase. He was also twice charged $1.50 for inactivity. With about $13 left on the card, he has few ways of using it and expects it to be eventually eaten by fees. "If there is, in fact, any way for jurors to use or withdraw their rump balances, Chase conceals this in order to milk more fees from them," he claimed in the lawsuit. "Indeed, Chase expects and relies on individuals forfeiting these funds to the bank." The case is Scott v JPMorgan Chase & Co., 17-cv-249, U.S. District Court for District of Columbia (Washington). Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Wednesday, Feb. 8. (Shizuo Kambayashi/AP) A man walks past an electronic stock indicator of a securities firm in Tokyo, Wednesday, Feb. 8. (Shizuo Kambayashi/AP) There’s a simple reason behind the global rally in markets Add to ... Sid Verma Bloomberg News Published Wednesday, Feb. 08, 2017 10:38AM EST Last updated Wednesday, Feb. 08, 2017 10:38AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Rising political risks. A fading era of central-bank stimulus. The potential end of a multi-decade bull run in U.S. government debt. Markets have so far this year shrugged off a laundry list of looming headwinds, with U.S. equities scaling new heights and sales of corporate bonds reaching record levels. What gives? While major economies have shown signs of improvement in recent months, helping to rekindle investors’ animal spirits, a key and typically over-looked technical indicator has helped juice the global rally in financial assets: supply. Net supply of global equities, for example, may flatline this year after falling into negative territory in 2016 for the first time on record, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Meanwhile, bond investors in Europe, the U.S., and emerging markets are poised to become cash-rich in the coming months thanks to an avalanche of maturing debt -- a dynamic which should help them soak up fresh sales. In both the equity and bond markets, the implications are the same. A benign supply outlook is a positive market technical for corporate financing conditions around the world that may lend support to asset valuations and provide a cushion against the slew of event risks looming this year, including elections in Europe and U.S.-fue;led trade wars. A First for Equities Analysts at JPMorgan paint a stark illustration of this positive picture for market technicals. They calculate that global equity supply fell into negative territory last year for the first time ever, as share buybacks, mergers and leveraged buyouts offset public offerings and other corporate activities that tend to increase the amount of shares outstanding, such as rights issues and employee stock programs. “The decline in equity supply last year created a support for equity markets, largely offsetting the decline in demand by retail investors,” Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou, who leads the U.S. bank’s flow-and liquidity team, wrote in a report published last week. Even if retail investors continue to demonstrate limited appetite for stocks relative to bonds, a benign supply story may continue to lift equity markets this year, the strategists concluded. “Into 2017, we expect global equity supply to remain close to zero. A projected increase in equity offerings is likely to be offset by stronger equity withdrawal as repatriation bolsters U.S. share buybacks,” they said. Buoyant Bonds The market for new corporate bonds denominated in euros and dollars has been on fire this year -- sales of U.S. investment-grade debt set an all-time monthly record in January after reaching $185 billion, according to Bloomberg Intelligence -- as companies seek to fund themselves ahead of expected U.S. interest rate hikes. But the glut is less fierce when taking into account ample investor firepower this year, a positive technical that may help to keep credit spreads in check. Net supply of new U.S. investment-grade debt could decline by as much as 31 per cent to $511-billion in 2017 thanks to a wave of maturing bonds and coupon payments, Bank of America Corp. analysts calculated in November. That would signal a sharp reduction in the supply of debt issued by companies with stronger balance sheets compared with the roughly $200-billion in new annual funding needs notched in the previous four years. What’s more, corporate bond issuance in euros has been decidedly modest in recent months in both investment-grade and high-yield markets after taking into account a rise in maturing debt. Net supply of euro-denominated bonds issued by riskier firms has been flat over the past three months, according to Citigroup Inc., helping to drive yields to record lows. Who Needs the ECB? Meanwhile, the outstanding stock of euro-denominated investment-grade debt shrunk by 28 billion euros ($30-billion) between December and January -- all before the European Central Bank purchased a single bond -- thanks to a wave of redemptions, according to Citi. It’s a similar story for bonds sold by companies in developing countries. Emerging market corporate bond redemptions in euros and dollars will increase to $165-billion from $97-billion in 2016, Barclays Plc analysts calculated in November. That suggests primary markets should be able to digest any year-on-year increase in gross corporate debt supply. And then there’s the demand picture. Resilient interest from buyers continues to buoy global debt markets, as the so-called great rotation -- a projected flood of capital migrating out of bond markets and into stocks -- has yet to materialize. The four-week moving average of fund flows into U.S. equity funds has fallen to zero, while capital flowing into U.S. bond funds has surged to a six-month high, according to a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. report this week, citing EPFR Global data. In short, a world with excess savings is still struggling to sate its appetite for investable assets in public markets, amid a net shortage of new stocks and corporate bonds. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Rio Tinto confident amid iron ore boom (Reuters)   More Related to this Story Disruptions at two top major copper mines threaten global supply TOP LINKS This stock was just added to Merrill Lynch’s top picks list Wednesday's analyst upgrades and downgrades Topics JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Trump offers to 'destroy career' of Texas lawmaker Report on Business This is the Bombardier aircraft that Ottawa just backed with an interest-free loan Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Globe Drive BMW M cars not plush, powerful or special enough? You want Alpina News New Zealand races to save hundreds of beached whales News Winter storm blows into Halifax News Trudeau says Trump meeting will focus on 'shared approach' Life Dresses made of candy at Brussels chocolate fair Video Watch as newborn tiger cubs make debut at Cincinnati Zoo Life Elephants in northern India get jumbo jumpers to stay warm Report on Business Am I paying my investment adviser too much? Life No more 'Mr Tough Guy': Endurance race run for last time after thirty years ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Sweet for seniors – rental properties with central locations and perks Arts Author Bharati Mukherjee wrote of immigrant lives Most popular How long can Calgary’s housing market hang on? Feb. 11: Your daily horoscope Has Premier Christy Clark had her enough’s enough scandal? Jailing Will Baker for being sick would be another act of cruelty Donald Trump’s battle with the courts has only just begun X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Find Rates Calculators Home Rates Calculators   Mortgages Mortgage Rates Compare Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Mortgage News Veteran Homebuyer Central Mortgage Lender Reviews Home Equity Loans Reverse Mortgage Loans Calculators The Home Hacker Refinance Refinance Channel Refinance Rates Refinance Calculator Refinance Mortgage Auto Loan Refinance Bank Rates CD Rates Savings & Money Market Checking Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Power Up! Blog Credit Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Travel & Airline Cash Back Rewards Business Fair Credit Bad Credit Best Credit Cards The Card Shark Blog Personal Loans Get Matched - LoanMatch™ Personal Loan Calculator Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Bad Credit Personal Loans Auto Auto Center Auto Loans Personal Loans Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Senior Living Retirement Calculators Investments Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Investment Calculators The Wealth Builder Blog Financial Planning Election 2016 The Cashlorette Blog Identity Protection Mastering your Money Debt Management Student Loans Tips from Jean Chatzky Calculators Certified Financial Planner Mobile Finance   advertisement Credit Cards Blog Finance Blogs » Credit Cards Blog » Best Visa credit card: Top picks Best Visa credit card: Top picks By Mitch Strohm · Bankrate.com Thursday, January 26, 2017 Posted: 6 pm ET Tweet Email Tweet Email mrmohock/Getty Images This editorial content is not provided or commissioned by any of the referenced financial institutions or companies. Opinions, analysis, reviews or recommendations expressed here are the author’s alone, not those of any financial institutions or companies, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any such entity. All products or services are presented without warranty. Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. This post contains references to our partners, and Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website. Some of the best Visa credit cards offer outstanding rewards and perks. But there are a lot of options available, and it can be difficult to narrow them down. <!-- iframe --> Forutunately, CreditCards.com recently compiled the best credit cards from its partners. Here are the nine best Visa credit cards from that list: 1. Top Visa rewards card: Chase Freedom Unlimited Generous cash rewards and an attractive introductory statement credit make the Chase Freedom Unlimited credit card a standout choice among Visa cards. Highlights:  The Chase Freedom Unlimited card pays 1.5 percent cash back on every purchase. You can earn a $150 bonus statement credit for spending $500 purchases within the first three months of opening an account. Rewards can be redeemed for cash in any amount at any time. Cash rewards don't expire as long as the account is open. Who should get this card:  The Chase Freedom Unlimited card is ideal for the individual who wants a simple rewards card for daily purchases with no annual fee. It has a wide range of redemption options. And Chase Ultimate Rewards® can be transferred to other Chase cards. Since it offers a zero percent 15-month intro APR on purchases and balance transfers, this card can also be a good option for those who would like to make a big purchase and slowly pay it off. After the initial intro period, the card has a variable APR of 15.49 percent to 24.24 percent. But while this card's cash-back rate is good, it isn't the highest flat-rate available — the Citi® Double Cash Card offers one 1 percent cash back on every dollar spent plus an additional 1 percent on every dollar that's paid off. You also won't find bonus categories with this card, a downside if you spend frequently in one area where you want to maximize rewards. RATE SEARCH: Compare the best rewards credit cards. 2. Top Visa balance transfer card: The Chase Slate® The Chase Slate® ranks high in the balance transfer card category for its long introductory period and lenient stance on late payments. Highlights: The Chase Slate® has a 15-month no-interest intro period on balance transfers. There's no balance transfer fee for balances transferred within the first 60 days of account opening. After that, the fee for balance transfers is 5 percent of the amount transferred with a minimum of $5. Who should get this card If you want a basic balance transfer card with a moderate 0 percent APR introductory period, no fee for balance transfers and flexibility on late payments, the Chase Slate® is a good option. This card has no annual fee and no penalty APR for late payments. After the 15-month intro period, the rate for purchases and balance transfers on the Chase Slate® is a variable 15.49 percent to 24.24 percent. The Chase Slate® doesn't have the longest intro period available. At 21 months, the Citi Simplicity® Card has the longest zero percent intro period currently on the market. And with the Chase Slate®, your balance transfer can't exceed $15,000 or your credit limit , whichever is lower. RATE SEARCH: Compare the best balance transfer cards today. 3. Top Visa travel and airline card: Chase Sapphire Reserve The rewards program alone is enough to put the Chase Sapphire Reserve on CreditCards.com's list, but it also has substantial bonus point opportunities and an annual travel credit. Highlights: The Chase Sapphire Reserve offers three Chase Ultimate Rewards® points per dollar spent on travel and dining at restaurants worldwide. It offers one point per dollar spent on other purchases. You can receive up to $300 in statement credits annually as a reimbursement for travel purchases. Who should get this card: The Chase Sapphire Reserve can be a good option if you spend big on travel and dining. But it's a significantly good choice if you enjoy redemption options through the Chase Ultimate Rewards® program. That's because points can be redeemed for 1.5 cents per point through Chase Ultimate Rewards®. As a cardholder, you'll also get access to more than 900 airport lounges worldwide with complimentary Priority Pass Select membership. The downside is that this card's hefty $450 annual fee can easily eat into rewards if you're not spending heavily on travel and dining related expenses. And it comes with a variable APR between 16.49 percent and 23.49 percent — not ideal if you typically carry a balance. RATE SEARCH: Compare the best airline and travel credit cards. 4. Top Visa points rewards card: Chase Sapphire Preferred® card Outstanding points rewards, a significant sign-up bonus and a low annual fee make the Chase Sapphire Preferred® a solid choice among Visa points rewards cards. Highlights: With this card, you can earn two points per dollar on travel and restaurants worldwide. It offers one point per dollar on all other purchases. Cardholders can earn 50,000 bonus points after spending $4,000 within the first three months of opening the account. When redeemed through the Chase Ultimate Rewards® program, that's $625 toward travel. This card offers $5,000 bonus points for adding an authorized user within the first three months of opening an account. Who should get this card: If you want a low-fee points rewards card with great perks, the Chase Sapphire Preferred® card is a solid pick. When points are redeemed through the Chase Ultimate Rewards® program, they are worth 25 percent more. This card has no introductory fee for the first year. After that, the fee is $95 per year. It has a variable APR from 16.49 percent to 23.49 percent. 5. Top Visa no annual fee card: Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® Outstanding cash rewards, bonus opportunities and nice perks — all without an annual fee — put the Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® card on the list as the top no annual fee card. Highlights: The Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® offers 1.5 percent cash rewards on every purchase made with the card. For purchases made with Android Pay™ or Apple Pay™ during the first 12 months of account opening, this card offers 1.8 percent cash rewards. Cardholders can earn a $150 cash rewards bonus after spending $1,000 in net purchases during the first three months after account opening. Who should get this card: If you're in the market for a straightforward card with solid cash rewards and no annual fee, the Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® is a good choice. The cash rewards don't expire as long as you keep your account open, there are no category restrictions and no quarterly sign ups. It's an especially good option if you're already a Wells Fargo customer, since you can manage all of your accounts from one place. But while the simplicity and cash-back rate of this card is attractive, it doesn't offer the highest flat-rate cash-back rewards around. The Citi® Double Cash Card offers 1 percent back on every purchase and an additional 1 percent when you pay your balance. It comes with a zero percent introductory APR on balance transfers and purchases for the first 12 months. And it's regular APR is a variable 13.49 percent to 25.49 percent. 6. Top Visa no foreign transaction fee card: BankAmericard Travel Rewards® The BankAmericard Travel Rewards® credit card's generous points rewards, easy redemption options and online bonus opportunity put it in the top of its class among Visa cards. Highlights: Cardholders earn unlimited 1.5 points per $1 spent on all purchases This card offers the opportunity to earn 20,000 online bonus points for making at least $1,000 in purchases during the first 90 days of account opening. Points can be redeemed to pay for flights, hotels, rental cars, vacation packages and other travel-related purchases. You're not limited to specific websites or blackout dates. Who should get this card: The BankAmericard Travel Rewards® credit card is a standout option for those who want an easy-to-use, well-balanced travel card, particularly for overseas use. This card will be particularly appealing to existing Bank of America® customers with a checking or savings account, who can earn an extra 10 percent bonus. Those who qualify for the Preferred Rewards program can increase their bonus to 25 percent to 75 percent. In addition to the rewards perks, cardholders who carry a balance, or who have a large purchase to make, will enjoy the zero percent introductory APR on purchases for 12 billing cycles. Its regular APR is a variable 15.49 percent to 23.49 percent on purchases and balance transfers. There's no annual fee. RATE SEARCH: Compare the best travel credit cards now. 7. Top Visa gas card: BankAmericard Cash Rewards® Generous cash back on gas purchases put this card on CreditCards.com's radar. But it's also a great all-around card for cash back. Highlights: The BankAmericard Cash Rewards® card offers 3 percent cash back on gas purchases, 2 percent on grocery stores and wholesale clubs and 1 percent on all other purchases up to $2,500 in combined grocery store, wholesale club and gas purchases each quarter. Cardholders have the chance to earn a $100 online cash rewards bonus after spending at least $500 within the first 90 days of account opening. Who should get this card: If you spend big on gas, groceries and wholesale clubs, this card might be a good fit for you. Plus, every time you redeem your cash back into a Bank of America® checking or savings account, you can get a 10 percent customer bonus. That bonus increases 25 percent to 75 percent if you're a Preferred Rewards client. While this serves as a great gas card, there are cash back cards available that pay a higher rate. The Blue Cash Preferred® card from American Express offers 6 percent cash back at U.S. supermarkets, 3 percent at gas stations and 1 percent on all other purchases. The BankAmericard Cash Rewards® card has a 0 percent intro APR period for 12 billing cycles on purchases. It offers the same for balance transfers made within the first 60 days. There's no annual fee. The APR is 13.49 percent to 23.49 percent. 8. Top Visa business card: Chase Ink Business Preferred Credit Card The Chase Ink Business Preferred credit card earns high marks for its standout bonus opportunities and points on business-related spending. Highlights: The Chase Ink Preferred card offers three points per $1 on the first $150,000 spent on select categories each account anniversary year. You can earn one point per $1 spent on all other purchases with no limit. You can earn 80,000 bonus points after spending $5,000 on purchases within the first three months of opening an account. Points are worth 25 percent more when redeemed through the Chase Ultimate Rewards® program. Who should get this card:   If you spend heavily on business-related expenses, the Chase Ink Preferred credit card is a solid option. It's particularly attractive if you plan on spending at least $5,000 within the first three months to earn the bonus, which is equal to a $1,000 toward travel when redeemed through the Chase Ultimate Rewards® program. Keep in mind that this card comes with an annual fee of $95. You'll need to make sure you spend enough to cancel out the fee. The APR is 13.49 percent to 23.49 percent. RATE SEARCH: Compare the best business credit cards. 9. Top Visa unsecured credit card: Credit One Bank® Unsecured Platinum Visa® The Credit One Bank® Unsecured Platinum Visa® card's cash back rewards and flexible payment policy make it an attractive option among unsecured credit cards. Highlights: When using this card, regular reports are sent to the three major credit bureaus, helping to build your credit responsibly. The Credit One Bank® Unsecured Visa® Credit Card provides free online access to your credit score and credit report summary, which can help you track your progress as you work to improve your overall credit. Cardholders earn 1 percent cash back for gas or groceries purchases. Who should get this card: If you're looking to build credit while earning cash-back rewards for gas and grocery purchases, the Credit One Bank® Unsecured Visa® is a good choice. But keep in mind that it's best used when you don't often miss payments or carry a balance. The high fees on this card could quickly cancel out any rewards earned. Its annual fee ranges between $0 and $75 for the first year and between $0 and $99 for each following year. It has a variable APR that ranges from 15.65 percent to 24.15 percent. RATE SEARCH: Compare the best credit cards right now for bad credit. Best Visa Credit Cards Card Category APR Chase Freedom Unlimited Overall Rewards 15.49 percent to 24.24 percent variable Chase Sapphire Reserve Travel and Airline Rewards 16.49 percent and 23.49 percent variable Chase Slate® Balance Transfer 15.49 percent to 24.24 percent variable Chase Sapphire Preferred® Points Rewards 16.49 percent to 23.49 percent variable Chase Ink Business Preferred Business Card 16.49 percent to 21.49 percent variable Wells Fargo Cash Wise Visa® No annual fee 13.49 percent to 25.49 percent variable BankAmericard Travel Rewards® No foreign transaction fee 15.49 percent to 23.49 percent variable BankAmericard Cash Rewards™ Gas card 13.49 percent to 23.49 percent variable Credit One Bank® Unsecured Platinum Visa® Unsecured Card for Bad Credit 15.65 percent to 24.15 percent variable Follow me on Twitter: @MitchStrohm Related posts: Best gas credit card: Top picks The best Chase credit cards: Top picks Best travel credit cards: Top picks Best business credit cards: Top 3 picks Best rewards credit cards: Top Picks « Best business credit cards: Top 3 picks Identity fraud surged 16%, but here’s the important number » Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. 6 Comments Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Compare Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Low Interest Cards 0% APR Cards Airline Cards Bankrate.com's Best Cards Rewards Cards advertisement Today's Top Stories   5 markets where home prices are falling fastest 7 ways to wipe out your debt 5 questions to ask before tapping home equity How alimony affects taxes for you and your ex Take full advantage of the sales tax deduction About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   advertisement Connect with us             About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Newsletters Understanding Bankrate's rate averages © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Investing and Analysis Tags: global | market | rally | investors Supply Is the Technical Factor Behind Global Rally in Markets  (DreamsTime) Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 08:08 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Rising political risks. A fading era of central-bank stimulus. The potential end of a multi-decade bull run in U.S. government debt. Markets have so far this year shrugged off a laundry list of looming headwinds, with U.S. equities scaling new heights and sales of corporate bonds reaching record levels. What gives? While major economies have shown signs of improvement in recent months, helping to rekindle investors’ animal spirits, a key and typically over-looked technical indicator has helped juice the global rally in financial assets: supply. Net supply of global equities, for example, may flatline this year after falling into negative territory in 2016 for the first time on record, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Meanwhile, bond investors in Europe, the U.S., and emerging markets are poised to become cash-rich in the coming months thanks to an avalanche of maturing debt -- a dynamic which should help them soak up fresh sales. In both the equity and bond markets, the implications are the same. A benign supply outlook is a positive market technical for corporate financing conditions around the world that may lend support to asset valuations and provide a cushion against the slew of event risks looming this year, including elections in Europe and U.S.-fueled trade wars. A First for Equities Analysts at JPMorgan paint a stark illustration of this positive picture for market technicals. They calculate that global equity supply fell into negative territory last year for the first time ever, as share buybacks, mergers and leveraged buyouts offset public offerings and other corporate activities that tend to increase the amount of shares outstanding, such as rights issues and employee stock programs. “The decline in equity supply last year created a support for equity markets, largely offsetting the decline in demand by retail investors,” Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou, who leads the U.S. bank’s flow-and liquidity team, wrote in a report published last week. Even if retail investors continue to demonstrate limited appetite for stocks relative to bonds, a benign supply story may continue to lift equity markets this year, the strategists concluded. “Into 2017, we expect global equity supply to remain close to zero. A projected increase in equity offerings is likely to be offset by stronger equity withdrawal as repatriation bolsters U.S. share buybacks,” they said. Buoyant Bonds The market for new corporate bonds denominated in euros and dollars has been on fire this year -- sales of U.S. investment-grade debt set an all-time monthly record in January after reaching $185 billion, according to Bloomberg Intelligence -- as companies seek to fund themselves ahead of expected U.S. interest rate hikes. But the glut is less fierce when taking into account ample investor firepower this year, a positive technical that may help to keep credit spreads in check. Net supply of new U.S. investment-grade debt could decline by as much as 31 percent to $511 billion in 2017 thanks to a wave of maturing bonds and coupon payments, Bank of America Corp. analysts calculated in November. That would signal a sharp reduction in the supply of debt issued by companies with stronger balance sheets compared with the roughly $200 billion in new annual funding needs notched in the previous four years. What’s more, corporate bond issuance in euros has been decidedly modest in recent months in both investment-grade and high-yield markets after taking into account a rise in maturing debt. Net supply of euro-denominated bonds issued by riskier firms has been flat over the past three months, according to Citigroup Inc., helping to drive yields to record lows. Who Needs the ECB? Meanwhile, the outstanding stock of euro-denominated investment-grade debt shrunk by 28 billion euros ($30 billion) between December and January -- all before the European Central Bank purchased a single bond -- thanks to a wave of redemptions, according to Citi. It’s a similar story for bonds sold by companies in developing countries. Emerging market corporate bond redemptions in euros and dollars will increase to $165 billion from $97 billion in 2016, Barclays Plc analysts calculated in November. That suggests primary markets should be able to digest any year-on-year increase in gross corporate debt supply. And then there’s the demand picture. Resilient interest from buyers continues to buoy global debt markets, as the so-called great rotation -- a projected flood of capital migrating out of bond markets and into stocks -- has yet to materialize. The four-week moving average of fund flows into U.S. equity funds has fallen to zero, while capital flowing into U.S. bond funds has surged to a six-month high, according to a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. report this week, citing EPFR Global data. In short, a world with excess savings is still struggling to sate its appetite for investable assets in public markets, amid a net shortage of new stocks and corporate bonds. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share InvestingAnalysis Rising political risks. A fading era of central-bank stimulus. The potential end of a multi-decade bull run in U.S. government debt. global, market, rally, investors 798 Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 08:08 AM 2017-08-08 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Archrock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Archrock, Inc. (AROC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Archrock, Inc. (NYSE:AROC) has been assigned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the sixteen research firms that are presently covering the company. Eleven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month price objective among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is $10.82. Several brokerages have recently commented on AROC. J P Morgan Chase & Co began coverage on Archrock in a research note on Friday, January 6th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $13.00 target price for the company. Scotiabank downgraded Archrock to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Capital One Financial Corporation upgraded Archrock from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Archrock by 5.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,120,956 shares of the company’s stock valued at $66,982,000 after buying an additional 277,756 shares during the last quarter. Harvest Fund Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Archrock during the second quarter valued at $14,732,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Archrock by 4.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,496,130 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,569,000 after buying an additional 67,971 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Archrock by 50.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,453,011 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,005,000 after buying an additional 489,098 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Gotham Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Archrock by 122.7% in the third quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC now owns 841,935 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,013,000 after buying an additional 463,820 shares during the last quarter. 89.18% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Archrock (NYSE:AROC) opened at 14.90 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $14.42 and a 200-day moving average price of $12.58. The firm’s market cap is $1.02 billion. Archrock has a 1-year low of $3.41 and a 1-year high of $15.70. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, February 8th will be issued a $0.12 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 6th. This represents a $0.48 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.22%. Archrock’s dividend payout ratio is presently -30.77%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Archrock, Inc. (AROC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts” was reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/archrock-inc-aroc-given-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-by-analysts.html. Archrock Company Profile Archrock, Inc, formerly Exterran Holdings, Inc, is a natural gas contract operations services company. The Company also provides natural gas compression services to customers in the oil and natural gas industry throughout the United States and supplies aftermarket services to customers that own compression equipment in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Archrock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Nokia Corp (NOKIA) PT Set at €5.50 by J P Morgan Chase & Co Next » New Gold Inc. (NGD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by RBC Capital Markets Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Northrop Grumman Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First American Corporation (The) (FAF) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research AMP Capital Investors Ltd Maintains Stake in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (AEL) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 2,400 Shares of EnLink Midstream, LLC (ENLC) Visteon Corporation (VC) Position Held by AMP Capital Investors Ltd DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Position Raised by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $235,000 Position in Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Position Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 4,887 Shares of EPR Properties (EPR) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Sells 110,751 Shares of Ambev S.A. (ABEV) Cosan Limited (CZZ) Stake Cut by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Position Held by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Has $7,958,000 Position in Mednax, Inc (MD) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Raises Stake in Enersis Americas S.A. (ENIA) TCW Group Inc. Purchases 236,111 Shares of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (JLL) TCW Group Inc. Decreases Stake in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) athenahealth, Inc. (ATHN) Shares Sold by TCW Group Inc. TCW Group Inc. Buys 129,166 Shares of EnPro Industries (NPO) Blockhouse Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 35,000 T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $40,518,000 Stake in Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $25,816,000 Stake in Washington Federal, Inc. (WAFD) Lombard Odier Asset Management USA Corp Has $3,218,000 Position in Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lombard Odier Asset Management USA Corp boosted its stake in shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) by 119.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 13,003 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 7,076 shares during the period. Lombard Odier Asset Management USA Corp’s holdings in Northrop Grumman Corporation were worth $3,218,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Capital World Investors increased its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 0.4% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 6,059,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,346,795,000 after buying an additional 24,000 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 12.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,938,953 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,057,262,000 after buying an additional 533,364 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 0.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 4,832,167 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,033,842,000 after buying an additional 20,139 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 4.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,506,803 shares of the company’s stock valued at $536,331,000 after buying an additional 112,394 shares during the period. Finally, Northern Trust Corp increased its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 1.1% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 2,079,165 shares of the company’s stock valued at $444,836,000 after buying an additional 23,412 shares during the period. 82.46% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) traded up 0.07% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $232.98. 816,964 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $232.05 and its 200-day moving average price is $226.17. The stock has a market capitalization of $40.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.11 and a beta of 0.69. Northrop Grumman Corporation has a 1-year low of $180.10 and a 1-year high of $253.80. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $2.96 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.49 by $0.47. Northrop Grumman Corporation had a return on equity of 35.74% and a net margin of 8.98%. The business had revenue of $6.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.92 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $2.49 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 12.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Northrop Grumman Corporation will post $11.89 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Lombard Odier Asset Management USA Corp Has $3,218,000 Position in Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/lombard-odier-asset-management-usa-corp-has-3218000-position-in-northrop-grumman-corporation-noc.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Vertical Research assumed coverage on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a research report on Friday, October 28th. They issued a “hold” rating on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $251.85 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. RBC Capital Markets assumed coverage on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $268.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $260.00 price target (up previously from $250.00) on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a research report on Friday, October 28th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada assumed coverage on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $268.00 price target on the stock. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $248.32. In related news, VP Christopher T. Jones sold 240 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $248.85, for a total transaction of $59,724.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 47,060 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $11,710,881. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CFO Kenneth L. Bedingfield sold 128 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $228.72, for a total value of $29,276.16. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 17,998 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,116,502.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 1,098 shares of company stock worth $260,548. Insiders own 0.90% of the company’s stock. Northrop Grumman Corporation Company Profile Northrop Grumman Corporation (Northrop Grumman) is a global security company. The Company provides systems, products and solutions in unmanned systems; cyber; command, control, communications and computers (C4), intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C4ISR); strike aircraft, and logistics and modernization to Government and commercial customers across the world. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NOC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC). Receive News & Ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exelon Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exelon Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Knowles Corporation (KN) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for KAR Auction Services, Inc’s FY2016 Earnings (KAR) Zacks: Identiv, Inc. (INVE) Given $4.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: REX American Resources Corp (REX) Given $89.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. (SFE) Given $21.50 Consensus Price Target by Analysts Zacks: Simpson Manufacturing Company, Inc. (SSD) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Reaches New 1-Year High After Strong Earnings Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Stake Cut by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 115,336 Shares of Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Position Held by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 2,100,000 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Shares Bought by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Graham Holdings Company (GHC) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 6,000 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Lombard Odier Asset Management Europe Ltd Purchases New Position in Exelon Corporation (EXC) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lombard Odier Asset Management Europe Ltd purchased a new stake in Exelon Corporation (NYSE:EXC) during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor purchased 11,083 shares of the energy giant’s stock, valued at approximately $369,000. Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Exelon Corporation by 208.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,531,848 shares of the energy giant’s stock valued at $150,865,000 after buying an additional 3,060,506 shares during the last quarter. LNZ Capital LP boosted its position in shares of Exelon Corporation by 74.9% in the second quarter. LNZ Capital LP now owns 2,802,163 shares of the energy giant’s stock valued at $101,887,000 after buying an additional 1,199,888 shares during the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Exelon Corporation by 22.2% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 5,425,223 shares of the energy giant’s stock valued at $197,261,000 after buying an additional 986,354 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Exelon Corporation by 9.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 10,455,121 shares of the energy giant’s stock valued at $380,148,000 after buying an additional 924,568 shares during the last quarter. Finally, The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new position in shares of Exelon Corporation during the third quarter valued at approximately $27,602,000. 75.15% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Exelon Corporation (NYSE:EXC) traded up 0.56% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $36.01. 3,843,896 shares of the company were exchanged. Exelon Corporation has a 12 month low of $29.82 and a 12 month high of $37.70. The stock has a market capitalization of $33.25 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.99 and a beta of 0.26. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $35.48 and a 200 day moving average price of $34.23. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 10th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be given a $0.3275 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 13th. This is a positive change from Exelon Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.32. This represents a $1.31 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.64%. Exelon Corporation’s payout ratio is 94.78%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Lombard Odier Asset Management Europe Ltd Purchases New Position in Exelon Corporation (EXC)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/lombard-odier-asset-management-europe-ltd-purchases-new-position-in-exelon-corporation-exc.html. EXC has been the topic of several research reports. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Exelon Corporation from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $27.00 to $37.00 in a research note on Friday, November 18th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $36.00 price objective (down previously from $40.00) on shares of Exelon Corporation in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Credit Suisse Group initiated coverage on shares of Exelon Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $39.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Exelon Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets set a $40.00 price objective on shares of Exelon Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $37.81. In other Exelon Corporation news, Chairman Mayo A. Shattuck III sold 68,519 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $33.89, for a total value of $2,322,108.91. Following the transaction, the chairman now directly owns 433,938 shares in the company, valued at $14,706,158.82. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Chairman Mayo A. Shattuck III sold 442,851 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.85, for a total transaction of $15,433,357.35. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 660,500 shares in the company, valued at $23,018,425. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.80% of the stock is owned by insiders. Exelon Corporation Company Profile Exelon Corporation is a utility services holding company. The Company operates through nine segments consisting of Exelon Generation Company, LLC’s (Generation’s) six power marketing segments, including Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, New England, New York, ERCOT and other regions; Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd); PECO Energy Company (PECO), and Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EXC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Exelon Corporation (NYSE:EXC). Receive News & Ratings for Exelon Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exelon Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing National Fuel Gas Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Dean Investment Associates LLC Acquires 1,029 Shares of National Fuel Gas Company (NFG) Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Dean Investment Associates LLC raised its position in shares of National Fuel Gas Company (NYSE:NFG) by 6.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 18,107 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,029 shares during the period. Dean Investment Associates LLC’s holdings in National Fuel Gas Company were worth $979,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in NFG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in National Fuel Gas Company by 4.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,958,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $214,015,000 after buying an additional 181,812 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in National Fuel Gas Company by 3.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,190,211 shares of the company’s stock worth $172,495,000 after buying an additional 119,343 shares during the last quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC increased its stake in National Fuel Gas Company by 1.3% in the second quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC now owns 2,875,287 shares of the company’s stock worth $163,546,000 after buying an additional 36,523 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in National Fuel Gas Company by 0.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,463,980 shares of the company’s stock worth $133,227,000 after buying an additional 22,091 shares during the last quarter. Finally, River Road Asset Management LLC increased its stake in National Fuel Gas Company by 10.1% in the third quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC now owns 1,376,934 shares of the company’s stock worth $74,451,000 after buying an additional 126,611 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 64.14% of the company’s stock. National Fuel Gas Company (NYSE:NFG) traded down 0.98% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $58.34. 453,160 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of $57.28 and a 200-day moving average of $55.84. National Fuel Gas Company has a 12 month low of $43.31 and a 12 month high of $60.00. The company’s market capitalization is $4.98 billion. National Fuel Gas Company (NYSE:NFG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.04 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.17. National Fuel Gas Company had a negative net margin of 0.86% and a positive return on equity of 18.37%. The company had revenue of $422.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $441.48 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.78 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that National Fuel Gas Company will post $3.09 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 30th were issued a $0.405 dividend. This represents a $1.62 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.78%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 28th. National Fuel Gas Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -1,012.50%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Dean Investment Associates LLC Acquires 1,029 Shares of National Fuel Gas Company (NFG)” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/dean-investment-associates-llc-acquires-1029-shares-of-national-fuel-gas-company-nfg.html. A number of analysts have commented on NFG shares. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of National Fuel Gas Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $60.00 to $67.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of National Fuel Gas Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday. Scotiabank restated a “hold” rating and set a $60.00 price target on shares of National Fuel Gas Company in a report on Monday. Finally, Argus restated a “hold” rating on shares of National Fuel Gas Company in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. National Fuel Gas Company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $63.25. About National Fuel Gas Company National Fuel Gas Company is a holding company. The Company is an energy company engaged principally in the production, gathering, transportation, distribution and marketing of natural gas. The Company operates in five business segments: Exploration and Production, Pipeline and Storage, Gathering, Utility, and Energy Marketing. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NFG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for National Fuel Gas Company (NYSE:NFG). Receive News & Ratings for National Fuel Gas Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Dean Investment Associates LLC Increases Position in Western Digital Corporation (WDC) Next » Dean Investment Associates LLC Buys 1,107 Shares of Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vail Resorts Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vail Resorts Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Picton Mahoney Asset Management Sells 1,600 Shares of Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Picton Mahoney Asset Management cut its position in shares of Vail Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:MTN) by 18.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 7,100 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,600 shares during the period. Picton Mahoney Asset Management’s holdings in Vail Resorts were worth $1,113,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Victory Capital Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Vail Resorts during the third quarter worth $32,843,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Vail Resorts by 95.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 352,010 shares of the company’s stock worth $55,224,000 after buying an additional 172,059 shares during the period. First Trust Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Vail Resorts by 496.3% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 132,596 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,802,000 after buying an additional 110,359 shares during the period. GRS Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Vail Resorts during the third quarter worth $14,216,000. Finally, Paloma Partners Management Co increased its position in shares of Vail Resorts by 3,910.1% in the second quarter. Paloma Partners Management Co now owns 91,109 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,595,000 after buying an additional 88,837 shares during the period. 91.46% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Vail Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:MTN) traded up 1.97% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $177.70. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 638,715 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $165.90 and a 200 day moving average price of $159.14. Vail Resorts, Inc. has a 12 month low of $115.50 and a 12 month high of $178.53. The company has a market cap of $7.12 billion, a PE ratio of 45.38 and a beta of 0.47. Vail Resorts (NYSE:MTN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, December 9th. The company reported ($1.70) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.57) by $0.13. Vail Resorts had a return on equity of 13.81% and a net margin of 9.14%. The company had revenue of $178.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $183.73 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($1.63) EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Vail Resorts, Inc. will post $5.12 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, January 12th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, December 28th were paid a dividend of $0.81 per share. The ex-dividend date was Friday, December 23rd. This represents a $3.24 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.82%. Vail Resorts’s payout ratio is currently 83.72%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/picton-mahoney-asset-management-sells-1600-shares-of-vail-resorts-inc-mtn.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on MTN shares. Wells Fargo & Company raised Vail Resorts from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $172.50 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, October 20th. Janney Montgomery Scott reissued a “buy” rating and set a $195.00 price target on shares of Vail Resorts in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Vail Resorts from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, MKM Partners reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $187.00 target price on shares of Vail Resorts in a research report on Friday, December 23rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $163.76. In other news, Director John Redmond sold 7,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $161.51, for a total transaction of $1,211,325.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 14,890 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,404,883.90. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 4.60% of the company’s stock. About Vail Resorts Vail Resorts, Inc is a holding company. The Company operates through three segments: Mountain, Lodging and Real Estate. Its Mountain segment operates over 10 mountain resort properties and approximately three urban ski areas, as well as ancillary services, primarily including, ski school, dining, and retail/rental operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MTN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vail Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:MTN). Receive News & Ratings for Vail Resorts Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vail Resorts Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Newell Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) Price Target at $65.57 Brokerages Set Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JNP) Target Price at $18.75 Cybg Plc (CYBG) Receives GBX 249 Average PT from Brokerages KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss ArcelorMittal (MT) Receives $5.79 Average PT from Analysts Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sabre Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SABR) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) Position Boosted by Clinton Group Inc. February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Clinton Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) by 19.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 27,552 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 4,517 shares during the period. Clinton Group Inc.’s holdings in Newell Brands were worth $1,451,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 32.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,288,502 shares of the company’s stock valued at $700,222,000 after buying an additional 3,225,216 shares in the last quarter. King Luther Capital Management Corp bought a new position in shares of Newell Brands during the second quarter valued at $140,088,000. General Electric Co. boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 840.4% in the second quarter. General Electric Co. now owns 2,776,202 shares of the company’s stock valued at $134,840,000 after buying an additional 2,480,994 shares in the last quarter. Suvretta Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Newell Brands during the second quarter valued at $115,040,000. Finally, Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Newell Brands by 8,458.2% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,943,917 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,367,000 after buying an additional 1,921,203 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.27% of the company’s stock. Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) traded up 2.92% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $45.52. The company had a trading volume of 8,683,345 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $21.96 billion, a PE ratio of 44.37 and a beta of 0.94. Newell Brands Inc. has a 52-week low of $33.26 and a 52-week high of $55.45. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $46.34 and a 200-day moving average price of $49.60. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.80 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.80. The company had revenue of $4.14 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.27 billion. Newell Brands had a net margin of 3.51% and a return on equity of 14.92%. Newell Brands’s revenue for the quarter was up 165.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.56 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Newell Brands Inc. will post $3.00 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/newell-brands-inc-nwl-position-boosted-by-clinton-group-inc.html. NWL has been the topic of several recent research reports. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 target price on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research cut Newell Brands from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $66.00 target price on shares of Newell Brands in a report on Tuesday, October 18th. KeyCorp lowered their target price on Newell Brands from $60.00 to $57.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday. Finally, BMO Capital Markets started coverage on Newell Brands in a report on Thursday, December 15th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $48.00 target price on the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $57.00. Newell Brands Company Profile Newell Brands Inc, formerly Newell Rubbermaid Inc, is a global consumer goods company. The Company’s brands consists of Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, EXPO, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Irwin, Lenox, Oster, Sunbeam, FoodSaver, Mr. Coffee, Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Graco, Baby Jogger, NUK, Calphalon, Rubbermaid, Contigo, First Alert, Waddington and Yankee Candle. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NWL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL). Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CBL & Associates Properties Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CBL & Associates Properties Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Analysts Set Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Target Price at $31.70 CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives C$28.88 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. (XRAY) Price Target at $65.57 Brokerages Set Juniper Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JNP) Target Price at $18.75 Lazard Asset Management LLC Invests $1,534,000 in CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lazard Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (NYSE:CBL) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund purchased 126,362 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock, valued at approximately $1,534,000. Lazard Asset Management LLC owned 0.07% of CBL & Associates Properties at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in CBL & Associates Properties by 359.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,417,354 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $41,486,000 after buying an additional 2,673,068 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of CBL & Associates Properties by 8.7% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 29,708,610 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $276,588,000 after buying an additional 2,382,378 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of CBL & Associates Properties by 405.5% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 1,364,292 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $16,563,000 after buying an additional 1,094,426 shares during the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of CBL & Associates Properties by 3,029.4% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,046,709 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $9,745,000 after buying an additional 1,013,261 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of CBL & Associates Properties by 56.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,681,766 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $32,556,000 after buying an additional 971,559 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 95.91% of the company’s stock. Shares of CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (NYSE:CBL) traded down 0.56% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $10.57. The stock had a trading volume of 2,338,250 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.81 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.09 and a beta of 1.27. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $11.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.84. CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. has a 52 week low of $8.86 and a 52 week high of $14.30. CBL & Associates Properties (NYSE:CBL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.68 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.45. CBL & Associates Properties had a return on equity of 10.25% and a net margin of 16.81%. The company had revenue of $258.49 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $262.42 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.71 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 6.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. will post $0.72 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/lazard-asset-management-llc-invests-1534000-in-cbl-associates-properties-inc-cbl.html. CBL has been the topic of several analyst reports. Barclays PLC reduced their target price on CBL & Associates Properties from $13.00 to $10.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, January 23rd. TheStreet cut CBL & Associates Properties from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Zacks Investment Research cut CBL & Associates Properties from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. BTIG Research initiated coverage on CBL & Associates Properties in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. Finally, Citigroup Inc. cut CBL & Associates Properties from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $11.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $13.06. CBL & Associates Properties Company Profile CBL & Associates Properties, Inc (CBL) is a self-managed, self-administered, integrated real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company owns, develops, acquires, leases, manages and operates regional shopping malls, open-air and mixed-use centers, outlet centers, associated centers, community centers and office properties. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CBL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (NYSE:CBL). Receive News & Ratings for CBL & Associates Properties Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CBL & Associates Properties Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Drew Industries Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Drew Industries Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AMP Capital Investors Ltd Maintains Stake in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (AEL) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 2,400 Shares of EnLink Midstream, LLC (ENLC) Visteon Corporation (VC) Position Held by AMP Capital Investors Ltd DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Position Raised by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $235,000 Position in Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Position Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 4,887 Shares of EPR Properties (EPR) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Sells 110,751 Shares of Ambev S.A. (ABEV) Cosan Limited (CZZ) Stake Cut by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. NetEase, Inc. (NTES) Position Held by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Has $7,958,000 Position in Mednax, Inc (MD) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Raises Stake in Enersis Americas S.A. (ENIA) TCW Group Inc. Purchases 236,111 Shares of Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated (JLL) TCW Group Inc. Decreases Stake in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) athenahealth, Inc. (ATHN) Shares Sold by TCW Group Inc. TCW Group Inc. Buys 129,166 Shares of EnPro Industries (NPO) Blockhouse Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 35,000 T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $40,518,000 Stake in Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) Baird Financial Group Inc. Has $25,816,000 Stake in Washington Federal, Inc. (WAFD) All Stars Investment Ltd Continues to Hold Stake in New Oriental Education & Technology Group, Inc. (EDU) HBK Investments L P Acquires New Position in Drew Industries Incorporated (DW) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HBK Investments L P acquired a new position in shares of Drew Industries Incorporated (NYSE:DW) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund acquired 7,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $686,000. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Drew Industries by 7.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,650,377 shares of the company’s stock valued at $161,770,000 after buying an additional 121,117 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Drew Industries by 22.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 629,622 shares of the company’s stock valued at $61,716,000 after buying an additional 114,298 shares in the last quarter. SG Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Drew Industries during the third quarter valued at about $10,105,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Drew Industries by 128.7% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 174,129 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,069,000 after buying an additional 97,994 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Columbia Partners L L C Investment Management purchased a new stake in Drew Industries during the second quarter valued at about $6,118,000. 93.55% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Drew Industries Incorporated (NYSE:DW) remained flat at $107.75 during midday trading on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $105.62 and its 200-day moving average is $95.75. Drew Industries Incorporated has a 12 month low of $51.67 and a 12 month high of $113.65. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “HBK Investments L P Acquires New Position in Drew Industries Incorporated (DW)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/hbk-investments-l-p-acquires-new-position-in-drew-industries-incorporated-dw.html. Several research firms have issued reports on DW. Sidoti began coverage on shares of Drew Industries in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. They set a “buy” rating and a $140.00 price target on the stock. CL King raised shares of Drew Industries from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, November 4th. In related news, insider Jamie Schnur sold 1,000 shares of Drew Industries stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $103.00, for a total transaction of $103,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 2,999 shares in the company, valued at $308,897. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Leigh J. Abrams sold 10,000 shares of Drew Industries stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $105.72, for a total transaction of $1,057,200.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 55,528 shares in the company, valued at $5,870,420.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 37,020 shares of company stock worth $3,930,478. Company insiders own 3.80% of the company’s stock. About Drew Industries LCI Industries, formerly Drew Industries Incorporated, through its subsidiary, Lippert Components, Inc and its subsidiaries (LCI), supplies an array of components for the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of recreational vehicles (RVs) and adjacent industries. The Company’s segments include OEM Segment and Aftermarket Segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Drew Industries Incorporated (NYSE:DW). Receive News & Ratings for Drew Industries Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Drew Industries Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Insperity Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insperity Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Value Holdings Management CO. LLC Invests $12,867,000 in Insperity, Inc. (NSP) Posted by William Strong on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Value Holdings Management CO. LLC bought a new stake in Insperity, Inc. (NYSE:NSP) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund bought 181,349 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,867,000. Insperity makes up 5.1% of Value Holdings Management CO. LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 11th largest position. Value Holdings Management CO. LLC owned about 0.85% of Insperity as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Insperity by 66.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 383,106 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,829,000 after buying an additional 153,003 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Insperity by 18.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 143,541 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,427,000 after buying an additional 22,230 shares during the last quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Insperity by 15.3% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 322,082 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,396,000 after buying an additional 42,621 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Insperity by 2.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 66,896 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,859,000 after buying an additional 1,342 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its stake in shares of Insperity by 20.1% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 24,735 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,796,000 after buying an additional 4,140 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 82.56% of the company’s stock. Shares of Insperity, Inc. (NYSE:NSP) traded down 0.56% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $71.65. 117,814 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $1.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.28 and a beta of 0.83. The company has a 50 day moving average of $71.22 and a 200 day moving average of $71.18. Insperity, Inc. has a 52 week low of $41.83 and a 52 week high of $82.18. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Value Holdings Management CO. LLC Invests $12,867,000 in Insperity, Inc. (NSP)” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/value-holdings-management-co-llc-invests-12867000-in-insperity-inc-nsp.html. In other Insperity news, SVP Douglas S. Sharp sold 4,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.55, for a total value of $286,200.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 17,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,281,245.85. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director Peter A. Feld sold 226,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.68, for a total value of $16,199,680.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 4,591 shares in the company, valued at $329,082.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 986,768 shares of company stock worth $71,637,961. Corporate insiders own 27.47% of the company’s stock. Insperity Company Profile Insperity, Inc (Insperity) provides an array of human resources (HR) and business solutions. The Company’s HR services offerings are provided through its Workforce Optimization and Workforce Synchronization solutions (together, its professional employer organization (PEO) HR Outsourcing solutions), which encompass a range of human resources functions, including payroll and employment administration, employee benefits, workers’ compensation, government compliance, performance management, and training and development services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Insperity, Inc. (NYSE:NSP). Receive News & Ratings for Insperity Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insperity Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Value Holdings Management CO. LLC Purchases Shares of 28,800 Drew Industries Incorporated (DW) Next » Tweedy Browne Co. LLC Has $362,000 Stake in Connecticut Water Service, Inc. (CTWS) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PBF Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PBF Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Pitcairn Co. Sells 799 Shares of PBF Energy Inc. (PBF) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pitcairn Co. cut its position in PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF) by 4.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 19,291 shares of the company’s stock after selling 799 shares during the period. Pitcairn Co.’s holdings in PBF Energy were worth $537,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of PBF Energy by 31.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,936,975 shares of the company’s stock worth $247,613,000 after buying an additional 2,626,728 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of PBF Energy during the fourth quarter worth approximately $42,882,000. Anchor Capital Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of PBF Energy during the second quarter worth approximately $20,597,000. Snow Capital Management LP increased its position in shares of PBF Energy by 21.3% in the third quarter. Snow Capital Management LP now owns 3,585,121 shares of the company’s stock worth $81,167,000 after buying an additional 629,957 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC increased its position in shares of PBF Energy by 9.3% in the second quarter. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC now owns 6,882,948 shares of the company’s stock worth $163,676,000 after buying an additional 583,670 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 95.65% of the company’s stock. PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF) traded up 0.880% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $23.495. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 954,748 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $25.16 and its 200 day moving average is $23.69. The stock’s market cap is $2.31 billion. PBF Energy Inc. has a 12-month low of $19.47 and a 12-month high of $35.68. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Pitcairn Co. Sells 799 Shares of PBF Energy Inc. (PBF)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/pitcairn-co-sells-799-shares-of-pbf-energy-inc-pbf.html. A number of equities analysts have commented on PBF shares. Tudor Pickering upgraded shares of PBF Energy from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 1st. Barclays PLC downgraded shares of PBF Energy from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $26.00 to $19.00 in a report on Monday, October 10th. Howard Weil downgraded shares of PBF Energy from a “focus stock” rating to a “sector outperform” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $29.00 to $24.00 in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. Credit Suisse Group downgraded shares of PBF Energy from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $28.00 to $22.00 in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. Finally, Wolfe Research upgraded shares of PBF Energy from a “peer perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, November 14th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $25.25. PBF Energy Company Profile PBF Energy Inc (PBF Energy) is a holding company. The Company is an independent petroleum refiner and supplier of unbranded transportation fuels, heating oil, petrochemical feedstocks, lubricants and other petroleum products in the United States. The Company operates through two segments: Refining and Logistics. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PBF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF). Receive News & Ratings for PBF Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PBF Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TJX Companies Inc. (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Position Maintained by Veritas Investment Management LLP February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Veritas Investment Management LLP continued to hold its stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 3,875 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Veritas Investment Management LLP’s holdings in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) were worth $290,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 3.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 18,773,971 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock valued at $1,449,914,000 after buying an additional 652,818 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 28.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,526,285 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock valued at $1,011,496,000 after buying an additional 2,996,299 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 2.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 10,334,613 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock valued at $772,822,000 after buying an additional 260,401 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 1.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,824,457 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock valued at $659,893,000 after buying an additional 139,311 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 7.4% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 7,408,654 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock valued at $572,170,000 after buying an additional 507,970 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 87.50% of the company’s stock. TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TJX) traded up 0.27% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $75.27. 980,038 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $49.07 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.05 and a beta of 0.70. TJX Companies, Inc. has a 12 month low of $67.41 and a 12 month high of $83.64. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $75.76 and its 200-day moving average is $76.55. TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, November 15th. The apparel and home fashions retailer reported $0.91 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.04. The business earned $8.29 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.23 billion. TJX Companies, Inc. (The) had a return on equity of 53.12% and a net margin of 7.00%. The company’s revenue was up 6.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.86 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that TJX Companies, Inc. will post $3.52 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 2nd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 9th will be issued a $0.26 dividend. This represents a $1.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.38%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 7th. TJX Companies, Inc. (The)’s payout ratio is currently 30.41%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Position Maintained by Veritas Investment Management LLP” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/tjx-companies-inc-the-tjx-position-maintained-by-veritas-investment-management-llp.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on TJX shares. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their target price on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $92.00 to $86.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price target on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $83.00 to $87.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 price target on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Wedbush raised their price target on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $84.00 to $85.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $85.00 price target on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $83.25. In other news, EVP Kenneth Canestrari sold 6,701 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.56, for a total value of $533,131.56. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 64,871 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,161,136.76. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.30% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About TJX Companies, Inc. (The) The TJX Companies, Inc (TJX) is an off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the United States and across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Canada and TJX International. T.J. Maxx and Marshalls chains in the United States are collectively the off-price retailer in the United States with a total of approximately 2,163 stores. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TJX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX). Receive News & Ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT SPONSORED CONTENT What's this?Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. Email Print Facebook Share Twitter Google+ LinkedIn smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. Investing for income in the current environment: JPMorgan Income Builder Fund By Michael Schoenhaut, Lead Portfolio Manager for JPMorgan Income Builder Fund, and Christina Jiang, Client Portfolio Manager, at J.P. Morgan Asset Management February 7, 2017 In today’s challenging markets, Michael Schoenhaut and Christina Jiang explain how a focus on sourcing the best income opportunities, while closely managing risk, can reap benefits for investors. What does today’s market environment mean for income investors? Income remains a challenge. Monetary policy over recent years has been driving down rates globally for asset classes such as traditional fixed income. However, this “lower for longer” dynamic has begun to shift in more recent months. While the prospect of higher rates is positive for yield-starved income investors, against this backdrop the price of fixed income and many yield-oriented equity sectors tend to suffer. This changes the challenge for income investors primarily from finding yield to managing the balance of risk, yield, and total return. In this environment, active management is more crucial than ever. What are the most important economic themes being reflected in the portfolio at the moment? Overall, we continue to see an improving global growth picture. The US remains the driver of global economic growth, and if we see significant policy stimulus from the new Trump administration, we believe growth will likely pick up. In Europe, the economic recovery continues, but concerns over negative interest rates and upcoming elections and referendums are on the horizon. Emerging markets had a strong run this year until the US election result. Although a more hawkish Federal Reserve (Fed) and a stronger US dollar could be headwinds for the asset class next year, we believe that the impact of these could be dampened by the improved earnings outlook for emerging markets and a pickup in growth globally. Given the expected uptick in growth and recent move in rates, global equities look increasingly attractive. Where are you currently finding attractive opportunities? Despite the potential for continued rising rates, fixed income remains an important allocation in both an income and multi-asset portfolio. In our search for attractive risk-adjusted yield opportunities in today’s environment, we continue to like the credit markets, specifically high yield and other opportunistic allocations such as preferred equity. With regards to high yield, we are comfortable with the credits that we own and anticipate that default rates over the next 12 months will be lower than their long-term average. We also view the risk of recession in the near term to be quite low. High yield still has a healthy spread over US Treasuries, which can absorb some of the impact of rising rates. This is particularly attractive because we are also hedging some of the duration exposure at the portfolio level by shorting five-year US Treasury futures, which allows us to access the asset class while mitigating the downside effect from rising rates. Government bonds and core fixed income offer very little protection against rising rates, which is why our fixed income exposure is much more focused on credit. How has the portfolio’s positioning evolved in the equity space? In the summer of 2015, we began reducing our equity exposure from near an all-time high of 46% to 32% in more recent months. At the time, we believed global growth would be low but still positive, and therefore preferred the carry of high yield and other credit assets to equities, given their reliance on stronger earnings growth. This helped the portfolio as our credit allocations outperformed equities in the first half of the year. Following the US election and the recent rate rise, we have started to add to equities. Given stronger earnings potential with the prospect of fiscal stimulus in the US and a reflationary theme across the world, we remain positive. However, while some of our peers have focused on bond proxy sectors for equity income, we remain diversified in our equity sector allocation. This is important because while bond proxies significantly outperformed other equity sectors on the back of falling rates in the first half of the year, this has reversed in the second half. Through both of these periods, our portfolio maintained relatively steady, positive performance. Within equities, our underlying managers particularly like the financials sector given its increased earnings potential in a rising rate environment and the possibility of looser regulation. Why should investors consider the JPMorgan Inc JPM -0.22935779816513763% JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE USD87 -0.2 -0.22935779816513763% /Date(1486764005680-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 10898314 AFTER HOURS USD87 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 94152 P/E Ratio 14.054927302100161 Market Cap 312024602556.568 Dividend Yield 2.206896551724138% Rev. per Employee 449646 More quote details and news » JPM in Your Value Your Change Short position ome Builder Fund? Using a flexible and dynamic approach to scour the world and find yield, the JPMorgan Income Builder Fund provides a diversified way to participate in today’s challenging environment, by aiming to deliver a consistent income stream while maintaining a focus on risk. Learn more about how the JPMorgan Income Builder Fund aims to deliver a consistent and competitive income stream and generate long-term capital growth. Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives and risks as well as charges and expenses of a mutual fund before investing. The summary and full prospectuses contain this and other information about the mutual fund and should be read carefully before investing. To obtain a prospectus for Mutual Funds contact JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc. at 1-800-480-4111. Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops. Securities rated below investment grade are generally are rated in the fifth or lower rating categories of Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s Investors Service. Although they can provide higher yields than higher rated securities, they can carry greater risk. International investing has a greater degree of risk and increased volatility due to political and economic instability of some overseas markets. Investments in derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments. They may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments. Many derivatives create leverage, which could lead to greater volatility and losses that significantly exceed the original investment. J.P.Morgan Funds are distributed by JPMorgan Distribution Services Inc; member FINRA/SIPC Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. MORE FROM J.P. MORGAN FUNDS •  3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes •  BONDS: WHAT A DIFFERENCE AN ELECTION DAY MAKES •  Top Picks in Asset Allocation •  Investing for income in the current environment: JPMorgan Income Builder Fund For additional disclosure: http://www.bit.ly/1PCGvXH Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Southwest Airlines Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hormel Foods Corporation (HRL) Stake Held by Fifth Third Bancorp Turner Investments LLC Takes Position in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Turner Investments LLC Purchases New Position in Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (EGRX) Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PRTK) Shares Sold by Turner Investments LLC Symons Capital Management Inc. Sells 2,740 Shares of First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) Equity Commonwealth (EQC) Shares Sold by Eii Capital Management Inc. Broadcom Limited (AVGO) Position Boosted by Artisan Partners Limited Partnership Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) Shares Sold by Artisan Partners Limited Partnership Ferroglobe PLC (GSM) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Cipher Capital LP Has $5,461,000 Stake in Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (OHI) Cipher Capital LP Increases Position in Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Brown Capital Management LLC Sells 50,158 Shares of PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Has $801,000 Stake in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) 12,150 Shares in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Acquired by Robertson Stephens Advisors LLC Clark Capital Management Group Inc. Purchases Shares of 7,920 Spirit Airlines, Inc. (SAVE) Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Stake Lowered by Clark Capital Management Group Inc. Clark Capital Management Group Inc. Invests $693,000 in Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Plains Group Holdings, L.P. (PAGP) Price Target Raised to $34.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc. Traynor Capital Management Inc. Lowers Position in Southwest Airlines Company (LUV) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Traynor Capital Management Inc. reduced its stake in shares of Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) by 4.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 13,516 shares of the airline’s stock after selling 675 shares during the period. Traynor Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Southwest Airlines Company were worth $571,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 73.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,420,861 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $366,379,000 after buying an additional 3,975,382 shares during the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 53.3% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 5,238,342 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $205,395,000 after buying an additional 1,821,829 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 24.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 4,531,049 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $176,212,000 after buying an additional 879,124 shares during the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. boosted its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 369.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 1,056,711 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $41,096,000 after buying an additional 831,769 shares during the last quarter. Finally, APG Asset Management N.V. boosted its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 40.7% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 2,748,169 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $106,876,000 after buying an additional 795,230 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 76.89% of the company’s stock. Shares of Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) traded up 0.30% on Tuesday, reaching $53.23. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,510,529 shares. The stock has a market cap of $32.84 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.99 and a beta of 0.88. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $50.97 and its 200-day moving average is $43.08. Southwest Airlines Company has a 52-week low of $34.30 and a 52-week high of $54.18. Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The airline reported $0.75 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.05. Southwest Airlines Company had a return on equity of 29.79% and a net margin of 10.97%. The company had revenue of $5.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.03 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.90 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Southwest Airlines Company will post $3.88 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 9th will be issued a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, March 7th. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.75%. Southwest Airlines Company’s dividend payout ratio is presently 11.33%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Traynor Capital Management Inc. Lowers Position in Southwest Airlines Company (LUV)” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/traynor-capital-management-inc-lowers-position-in-southwest-airlines-company-luv.html. LUV has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Southwest Airlines Company in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Vetr upgraded Southwest Airlines Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.66 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, December 26th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Southwest Airlines Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $57.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on Southwest Airlines Company in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $65.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Morgan Stanley reiterated an “equal weight” rating on shares of Southwest Airlines Company in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Southwest Airlines Company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $55.46. In other news, EVP Jeff Lamb sold 14,534 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.10, for a total value of $699,085.40. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 117,188 shares in the company, valued at $5,636,742.80. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CFO Tammy Romo sold 9,655 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $51.79, for a total value of $500,032.45. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 77,937 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,036,357.23. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 24,699 shares of company stock worth $1,225,092 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 0.18% of the company’s stock. Southwest Airlines Company Company Profile Southwest Airlines Co (Southwest) operates Southwest Airlines. Southwest is a passenger airline that provides scheduled air transportation in the United States and near-international markets. The Company serves approximately 100 destinations in over 40 states, such as the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and approximately seven near-international countries, including Mexico, Jamaica, The Bahamas, Aruba, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, and Belize. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LUV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV). Receive News & Ratings for Southwest Airlines Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Capital One Financial Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC Buys New Position in Capital One Financial Corporation (COF) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC acquired a new stake in Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund acquired 21,718 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $1,601,000. Several other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of COF. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation by 34.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,546,669 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,260,376,000 after buying an additional 4,511,539 shares during the period. Pzena Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation during the third quarter valued at approximately $229,175,000. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation during the second quarter valued at approximately $135,041,000. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC increased its stake in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation by 9.8% in the second quarter. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC now owns 19,814,087 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,258,393,000 after buying an additional 1,763,210 shares during the period. Finally, Fisher Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Capital One Financial Corporation by 607.9% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 1,383,441 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $99,373,000 after buying an additional 1,188,001 shares during the period. 91.25% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) opened at 87.62 on Tuesday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $88.41 and a 200-day moving average price of $77.79. The stock has a market cap of $42.36 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.71 and a beta of 1.24. Capital One Financial Corporation has a 12 month low of $58.03 and a 12 month high of $91.64. Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 24th. The financial services provider reported $1.45 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.61 by $0.16. Capital One Financial Corporation had a net margin of 13.63% and a return on equity of 8.06%. The business had revenue of $6.57 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.66 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.58 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Capital One Financial Corporation will post $7.91 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 24th. Stockholders of record on Monday, February 13th will be given a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.83%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 9th. Capital One Financial Corporation’s payout ratio is 23.26%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/wealth-enhancement-advisory-services-llc-buys-new-position-in-capital-one-financial-corporation-cof.html. A number of brokerages recently commented on COF. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded Capital One Financial Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Wedbush reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $90.00 price target on shares of Capital One Financial Corporation in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Guggenheim reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Capital One Financial Corporation in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Evercore ISI reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $88.00 price target on shares of Capital One Financial Corporation in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Finally, Rafferty Capital Markets raised Capital One Financial Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $109.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Capital One Financial Corporation presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $83.66. In other news, Director Pierre E. Leroy sold 8,998 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $88.09, for a total transaction of $792,633.82. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 48,298 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,254,570.82. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Yajnik Sanjiv sold 23,560 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $90.37, for a total transaction of $2,129,117.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 1,664,071 shares of company stock valued at $138,174,702. Insiders own 1.94% of the company’s stock. About Capital One Financial Corporation Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Capital One Financial Corporation (NYSE:COF). Receive News & Ratings for Capital One Financial Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC Has $1,826,000 Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Next » Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is Northern Trust Corp’s 4th Largest Position Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TRI Pointe Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TRI Pointe Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Boosts Position in TRI Pointe Group, Inc. (TPH) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Shufro Rose & Co. LLC raised its position in shares of TRI Pointe Group, Inc. (NYSE:TPH) by 1.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 716,050 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 12,300 shares during the period. Shufro Rose & Co. LLC’s holdings in TRI Pointe Group were worth $9,438,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in TPH. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in TRI Pointe Group by 29.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,372,090 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,085,000 after buying an additional 315,399 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP raised its position in TRI Pointe Group by 43.0% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 90,646 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,195,000 after buying an additional 27,267 shares in the last quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D raised its position in TRI Pointe Group by 2.8% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 363,336 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,789,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares in the last quarter. Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in TRI Pointe Group by 3.0% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 292,001 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,849,000 after buying an additional 8,495 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in TRI Pointe Group by 99.7% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 3,412,890 shares of the company’s stock worth $44,982,000 after buying an additional 1,703,490 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 99.44% of the company’s stock. Shares of TRI Pointe Group, Inc. (NYSE:TPH) opened at 12.24 on Tuesday. TRI Pointe Group, Inc. has a 12-month low of $8.83 and a 12-month high of $14.20. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $12.03 and its 200-day moving average is $12.47. The company has a market capitalization of $1.96 billion, a P/E ratio of 8.89 and a beta of 1.73. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Boosts Position in TRI Pointe Group, Inc. (TPH)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/shufro-rose-co-llc-boosts-position-in-tri-pointe-group-inc-tph.html. TPH has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Evercore ISI started coverage on shares of TRI Pointe Group in a research note on Monday, November 14th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $14.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of TRI Pointe Group from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. Barclays PLC started coverage on shares of TRI Pointe Group in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $14.00 price target for the company. Finally, Wedbush set a $17.00 price target on shares of TRI Pointe Group and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $15.39. About TRI Pointe Group TRI Pointe Group, Inc is a homebuilder company. The Company’s operations are organized in two principal businesses, including homebuilding and financial services. The Company’s homebuilding operation consists of six segments: Maracay Homes, including operations in Arizona; Pardee Homes, consisting of operations in California and Nevada; Quadrant Homes, consisting of operations in Washington; Trendmaker Homes, consisting of operations in Texas; TRI Pointe Homes, consisting of operations in California and Colorado, and Winchester Homes, consisting of operations in Maryland and Virginia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TPH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TRI Pointe Group, Inc. (NYSE:TPH). Receive News & Ratings for TRI Pointe Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TRI Pointe Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > JPMorgan Chase Hosts Year Up Chicago Class 12 Graduation at Chase Auditorium JPMorgan Chase Hosts Year Up Chicago Class 12 Graduation at Chase Auditorium Monday, 6 February 2017 (5 days ago) Jacqueline Campbell, Executive Director of Chase Private Client and Chase Investments, will Speak at Event Celebrating Young Adults Who Have Successfully Completed Targeted Job Training and Professional Internships Chicago, IL (PRWEB) February 06, 2017 The workforce development nonprofit Year Up Chicago announced today that its Class 12 graduation ceremony will be sponsored and hosted by JPMorgan Chase. The event will take place on February 1, 2017 at Chase Auditorium. Jacqueline Campbell, Executive Director of Chase Private Client and Chase Investments and Year Up Champion, will speak at the event. “JPMorgan Chase has been a tremendous supporter of our young adults and our mission to close the Opportunity Divide,” said Jack Crowe, Executive Director of Year Up Chicago. “By hiring our graduates, sponsoring more than a hundred of interns, and continually finding new ways to advocate for our students, JPMorgan has helped ensure the economic success of low-income youth across the city.” JPMorgan Chase has been a Year Up Chicago corporate partner since 2011. The organization has hosted 120 Year Up Chicago interns, providing them with professional experience in entry-level roles such as retail banking and IT on their Helpdesk. “Year Up interns and graduates are dedicated, hardworking, and have the technical and professional skills we need,” said Eric Shirey, a Leadership Council member who received Chase’s Manager of the Year Award in 2016. Shirey manages several interns and is a Year Up mentor. “We’re hosting the Class 12 graduation ceremony to recognize their success and celebrate our ongoing partnership with Year Up.” Year Up Chicago will serve 220 students this year and will scale to serve 320 young adults in 2018. Since its launch in September 2010, the site has helped more than 600 young adults (ages 18-24, without college degrees) gain in-demand technical, professional and communication skills for roles in IT, Financial Operations, and Sales. Nationwide, 85 percent of Year Up graduates are employed or attending college full-time within four months of completing the yearlong program, with an average starting salary of $36,000/year. Learn more about Year Up Chicago by following us on Twitter @YearUpChicago and on Facebook. About Year Up Inc. Year Up's mission is to close the Opportunity Divide by providing urban young adults with the skills, experience, and support that will empower them to reach their potential through professional careers and higher education. Year Up achieves this mission through a high support, high expectation model that combines marketable job skills, stipends, internships and college credits. Its holistic approach focuses on students' professional and personal development to place these young adults on a viable path to economic self-sufficiency. Year Up currently serves more than 3,600 students annually across 18 sites in Arizona, Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Philadelphia, Providence, San Francisco, San Jose, Seattle, Washington, D.C., Woodbridge, & Wilmington (DE). To learn more, visit http://www.yearup.org or http://www.youtube.com/yearupinc. About JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at http://www.jpmorganchase.com. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Jim Popp, longtime Milwaukee banking executive, leaves JPMorgan ChaseLongtime banking executive and prominent member of the Milwaukee business community Jim Popp has resigned his post at JPMorgan Chase. Popp, — formerly... bizjournals 11 hours ago - Business You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases FORD MOTOR COMPANY to Host Briefing for Investment Community and Media Regarding Announcement of Emerging Opportunities MEAD JOHNSON NUTRITION COMPANY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Announces Investigation Of Buyout Indian Men Set to Paint the Town Red this VALENTINE's Day! Malibu Lands on AUSTRALIA's Legendary Gold Coast FLORIDA Golf Pro, John A. Gehrisch, Hits a Hole-in-One for Relationship Success in New Book “The Golf Pro Has Heart” Brock Settles Lawsuit With Nexxfield – Original NexxPad No Longer Available in the UNITED STATES or Canada NVIDIA Announces Upcoming Events for Financial Community INVESTOR ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against UNDER ARMOUR, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm SAN FRANCISCO Travel Association Publishes Visitor Planning Guide for Savvy Travelers CRAWFORD & Company® Board Declares Quarterly Dividends Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Current Topics Caesars Founder Ferndale Piers Morgan Mike Ilitch Avengers Infinity War Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Aretha Franklin Retires: The Queen of Soul Takes a Step Back Has The LEGO Batman Movie Changed DC's Cinematic Game? Fold Up Your Glasses - 3D TV Is Dead Madonna Set To Adopt Two More Malawian Children Is Theresa May Making Fun Of Donald Trump? MOVIE REVIEW: Hidden Figures The NES Mini Has Outsold The Wii U - Time To Change The Game? MOVIE REVIEW: The LEGO Batman Movie Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 There's a hot new posting for Wall Street bankers Matt Turner Feb. 7, 2017, 9:50 AM 5,869 facebook linkedin twitter email print Guy D'Alema/FX Wall Street dealmakers used to be sent to Hong Kong or London to win new business. Now they're being sent to places like Seattle, Denver, and Atlanta. JPMorgan just hired Brennan Spry as head of corporate client banking and specialized industries in the South, for example. Spry previously worked in Barclays' investment banking division. Spry will be based in Atlanta, overseeing a team of bankers in the region who provide services to large companies with more than $500 million in annual revenues. In addition, the bank has hired Nina Sprinkle to the corporate client banking team in Atlanta as a senior banker responsible for serving companies in Georgia, Alabama, and Tennessee. She previously worked in syndicated and leveraged finance at SunTrust and Bank of America. Matt Tugwell has also joined as a senior banker focused on the Carolinas. He was most recently at Bank of America in the leveraged finance group. JPMorgan isn't the only bank hiring staff for or moving staff to regional centers in the US. The potential rewards are significant: Middle-market companies in the US and Canada paid $8.2 billion in deal fees in 2015, according to a Bank of America Merrill Lynch presentation. That's more than the fees netted in most of Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America combined. "This is a key focus for us as we have developed the other areas of our investment bank," Christian Meissner, the head of global corporate and investment banking at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, told Business Insider last year. "Relatively speaking, this represents a greater opportunity than some traditional avenues of growth." NOW WATCH: The best and worst months to rent an apartment in major US cities Loading video... More: JPMorgan facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru There's a hot new posting for Wall Street bankers There's a hot new posting for Wall Street bankers Wall Street dealmakers used to be sent to Hong... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Wealth Advisor BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What's important is how investors respond to a wave of volatility Samantha Azzarello, J.P. Morgan Asset Management Feb. 7, 2017, 4:34 PM 1,586 facebook linkedin twitter email print Professional surfer Greg Long drops into a wave at the Jaws Surf Break aka Pe'ahi on December 6, 2015 in Haiku, Hawaii. Darryl Oumi/Getty Images for TAG Heuer A market without volatility would be unnatural, like an ocean without waves. The free market, is constantly churning. For some investors, market-moving waves can be exciting, providing a buying opportunity for mispriced securities. For other investors, the waves might feel violent; but truthfully, for long-term investors, market volatility should be irrelevant. The degree of market volatility varies from small ripples, to rolling waves, to a financial crisis sized tsunami. While all volatility feels uncomfortable in the near term, the important question for long-term investors is how to respond to it. Grab an oar! Here is what you will need to do… As a long-term investor you’ll need to do less than you think. Your diversified portfolio was built to feel steady in rough seas. 1. Remember that volatility is normal. Volatility in the market is normal, and feeling uneasy about a lower portfolio value is normal too. Exhibit 2 depicts the number of 5% pullbacks experienced each year. The chart reminds us that even in years with outstanding equity returns, there are rolling waves of volatility in the market. Historical analysis shows that pullbacks of 5% have occurred about once a quarter, and pullbacks of 10% are likely to occur once per year. Large pullbacks greater than 20% tend to occur just once per market cycle. A savvy investor will recognize the high frequency of equity market volatility, and will determine the source of the volatility before reacting to it. JPMorgan Asset Management 2. Do not jump ship at the bottom: Markets tend to rebound after bouts of volatility. Focusing on the long-term trends of the market rather than the short-term gyrations should give investors the confidence to ride the waves of volatility. When examining historic equity market data, we see a trend of rebounds following equity market pullbacks. That means that investors who jump ship after a big wave may have broken the cardinal rule of investing by “selling low.” Exhibit 3 shows the largest intra-year decline and the calendar year return every year since 1980. Despite an average intra-year drop of 14.2%, the market ended the year higher than it began it 76% of the time. That is why it is important for investors to ride the wave of volatility through its full cycle. JPMorgan Asset Management Frequent pullbacks in the market can be unsettling, and can encourage market timing, but investors should not jump ship. Being fully invested is particularly important when there is market volatility, because the best and the worst days in the market tend to be clustered together. If you were lucky enough to miss the worst days, you also were likely to have missed the best days. Examining your quarterly statement, it is difficult to synthesize the portfolio impact of missing the best days in the market. However, Exhibit 4 shows that missing these days has a real impact on investment performance. A fully invested portfolio would have returned nearly double one that missed the 10 best days in the market. Additionally, as the majority of the best days occur within two weeks of the 10 worst days in the market, it is likely that investors who sold equity because of seasickness after a bad day often also missed a big rebound. JPMorgan Asset Management 3. Focus on the destination: Investors with a long time horizon experience less volatile returns. While volatility can cause major deviations in the near term for equity markets, investors should focus on their destination. Examining rolling returns for equities in Exhibit 5 shows that, while historic annual returns have varied from -38% to +47% in a single year, rolling annualized returns, over a 20-year period, have been positive for the past 60 years. JPMorgan Asset Management 4. Batten down the hatches with diversification. We live in a headline-driven world, where media often impacts equity prices in the near term. But your portfolio should not be a dinghy tossed and turned by market churn; it is possible to gain portfolio stability through diversification. While equities tend to perform better with economic growth and moderate levels of inflation, rate sensitive fixed income is important to portfolios when economic growth falters. Although we have a positive outlook on U.S. equities in the coming year, other developed market equities can give your portfolio both exposure to risk factors outside the U.S. economy and to faster-growing emerging market economies that may help boost portfolio returns. Small cap stocks provide a pro-cyclical tilt to a portfolio compared to large cap stocks, though they can also be more sensitive to growth scares. Exhibit 6 illustrates how diversification has improved the risk/return profile of an asset allocation portfolio relative to equities over the past 20 years. This means investors in a diversified asset allocation portfolio cruised past market volatility feeling the fewest waves possible. A key to achieving more portfolio stability is to batten down the hatches with diversification before a storm hits. JPMorgan Asset Management Navigating volatility Though it is impossible to predict the future, expecting market volatility in the coming years is a safe bet. Just as the last 20 years have favored the diversified investor, we expect the next 20 years to do the same. Investors need risk assets in their portfolios to reach long-term investment goals, and staying invested throughout that time horizon can be investors’ biggest challenge. History shows that diversification and rebalancing are the best tools for reducing portfolio volatility and providing a gentler ride through sometimes difficult seas. Read the original article on J.P. Morgan Asset Management. We partner with Financial Advisors to work to make every investor better off. Visit www.jpmorganfunds.com to learn more about our insights and investments. Copyright 2017. Follow J.P. Morgan Asset Management on Twitter. SEE ALSO: An important psychological shift is taking place in the US economy NOW WATCH: Here’s everything we know about the iPhone 8 Loading video... More: Volatility J.P. Morgan Asset Management facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What's important is how investors respond to a wave of volatility What's important is how investors respond to a wave of volatility A market without volatility would be unnatural... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Wealth Advisor Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Visa Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Group AG Sells 35,584 Shares of RR Donnelley & Sons Co (RRD) PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG PRA Health Sciences, Inc. (PRAH) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG Lazard Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $204,000 Position in Westpac Banking Corporation (WBK) HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Oracle Corporation (ORCL) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Reduced by Waldron LP Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) Edmond de Rothschild Europe Continues to Hold Stake in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Position Cut by Krasney Financial LLC Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Raised by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Has $1,556,000 Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Holds Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Position Held by Advantus Capital Management Inc Visa Inc. (V) Stake Boosted by United Services Automobile Association February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet United Services Automobile Association boosted its position in Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) by 0.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 3,334,233 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock after buying an additional 14,142 shares during the period. Visa makes up about 0.9% of United Services Automobile Association’s portfolio, making the stock its 11th largest position. United Services Automobile Association owned approximately 0.14% of Visa worth $275,741,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in V. Ngam Advisors L.P. boosted its position in Visa by 7.4% in the second quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 1,131,493 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $83,923,000 after buying an additional 78,447 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares during the last quarter. Reilly Herbert Faulkner III boosted its position in shares of Visa by 3.5% in the third quarter. Reilly Herbert Faulkner III now owns 51,135 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $4,229,000 after buying an additional 1,736 shares during the last quarter. Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA boosted its position in shares of Visa by 2.3% in the third quarter. Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA now owns 570,519 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $47,182,000 after buying an additional 13,014 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Treasurer State of Michigan boosted its position in shares of Visa by 16.9% in the third quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 2,025,080 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $167,474,000 after buying an additional 293,400 shares during the last quarter. 80.76% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) traded down 0.80% on Wednesday, hitting $85.09. The stock had a trading volume of 7,587,412 shares. Visa Inc. has a 12 month low of $67.43 and a 12 month high of $86.82. The company’s 50 day moving average is $81.44 and its 200-day moving average is $80.97. The stock has a market cap of $197.76 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.98 and a beta of 1.00. Visa (NYSE:V) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.78 by $0.08. Visa had a return on equity of 26.48% and a net margin of 38.30%. The company earned $4.46 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.29 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.69 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 25.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Visa Inc. will post $3.32 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, March 7th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 17th will be paid a $0.165 dividend. This represents a $0.66 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.78%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 15th. Visa’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 26.09%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/visa-inc-v-stake-boosted-by-united-services-automobile-association.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Visa from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $84.90 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, November 15th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Visa from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday. Drexel Hamilton upgraded shares of Visa from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, October 24th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of Visa in a report on Tuesday, November 15th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus cut their target price on shares of Visa from $94.00 to $93.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-nine have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Visa has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $93.35. In other news, EVP William M. Sheedy sold 125,372 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.74, for a total value of $10,749,395.28. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 365,769 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $31,361,034.06. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Company insiders own 0.14% of the company’s stock. Visa Company Profile Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding V? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Visa Inc. (NYSE:V). Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ABIOMED Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABIOMED Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Position Held by Beaumont Financial Partners LLC February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Beaumont Financial Partners LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of ABIOMED, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABMD) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,275 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Beaumont Financial Partners LLC’s holdings in ABIOMED were worth $256,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. WFG Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of ABIOMED by 0.7% in the second quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 7,581 shares of the company’s stock worth $829,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the last quarter. Timpani Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of ABIOMED during the second quarter worth about $3,148,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of ABIOMED by 38.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 36,169 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,953,000 after buying an additional 10,051 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of ABIOMED by 4.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 26,896 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,939,000 after buying an additional 1,150 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Blair William & Co. IL raised its stake in shares of ABIOMED by 86.8% in the second quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 383,995 shares of the company’s stock worth $41,967,000 after buying an additional 178,473 shares during the last quarter. 92.25% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. ABIOMED, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABMD) traded down 1.10% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $108.73. The company had a trading volume of 271,353 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $4.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 101.71 and a beta of 0.51. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $111.60 and a 200-day moving average of $116.89. ABIOMED, Inc. has a 12 month low of $69.14 and a 12 month high of $132.95. ABIOMED (NASDAQ:ABMD) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.29 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $114.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $112.71 million. ABIOMED had a return on equity of 12.35% and a net margin of 11.63%. ABIOMED’s revenue for the quarter was up 33.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.23 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that ABIOMED, Inc. will post $1.18 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/abiomed-inc-abmd-position-held-by-beaumont-financial-partners-llc.html. A number of analysts have issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered ABIOMED from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. BTIG Research reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $170.00 price target on shares of ABIOMED in a research note on Sunday, January 8th. Guggenheim assumed coverage on ABIOMED in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $150.00 price target on the stock. Finally, TheStreet lowered ABIOMED from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $146.83. In other news, Director Eric A. Md Rose sold 8,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $110.81, for a total transaction of $886,480.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 21,259 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,355,709.79. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 10.00% of the stock is owned by insiders. ABIOMED Company Profile ABIOMED, Inc is a provider of temporary percutaneous mechanical circulatory support devices. The Company offers care to heart failure patients. The Company operates in the segment of the research, development and sale of medical devices to assist or replace the pumping function of the failing heart. The Company develops, manufactures and markets products that are designed to enable the heart to rest, heal and recover by improving blood flow to the coronary arteries and end-organs and/or temporarily performing the pumping function of the heart. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ABMD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ABIOMED, Inc. (NASDAQ:ABMD). Receive News & Ratings for ABIOMED Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABIOMED Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Service charge: JPMorgan Chase accused of loading jury duty pay debit cards with fees Filed under Banking at 2 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now For some people, jury duty is a dreaded American civic obligation. Now, JPMorgan Chase is adding another unwelcome element: banking fees. In a handful of jurisdictions, the biggest U.S. bank by assets has taken over administration of the juror-compensation system, issuing debit cards instead of the age-old system of paper checks. In addition to the juror pay, the cards also come loaded with fees -- for balance inquiries, for inactivity, for using non-Chase ATMs, for charges with insufficient funds and for cash or check issuance. The funds become impossible to withdraw from an ATM once the balance falls below $20, and in at least one jurisdiction -- Washington, D.C. -- there are no Chase branches or ATMs within 90 miles (145 kilometers), ensuring the funds will eventually be frittered away to the bank. William Mark Scott, a lawyer who served on a jury in Washington last year, sued JPMorgan, accusing it of unjust enrichment and violation of the Consumer Protection Act. He's seeking to represent all other jurors who were paid with JPMorgan debit cards. "Chase uses its monopolistic control over juror funds to steal captive jurors' money by assessing unconscionable and deceptive fees," Scott claims. "By making it prohibitively expensive to receive an over-the-counter cash withdrawal from, or to receive a check drawn upon the debit card, Chase ensures a 'rump' balance will be left on each debit card -- and forfeited." Tasha Pelio, a JPMorgan spokeswoman, declined to immediately comment on the lawsuit. It's the second time in two years that Chase has been accused of taking advantage of captive customers. In 2015, thousands of ex-convicts said Chase charged predatory fees through debit cards issued to people leaving prison. The cards held prison pay and commissary balances. Chase took over distribution of prisoner pay under a contract with the Federal Bureau of Prisons. Chase paid almost $450,000 to settle the lawsuit. For local courts, having a big bank come in and take over the juror-pay system was welcome relief. The cost of overseeing the system and cutting checks is time-consuming and expensive. In some jurisdictions, budget liabilities swelled into the tens of thousands of dollars as some jurors didn't bother to cash or deposit checks. The full scope of JPMorgan's juror pay program is unclear. Washington and Gwinnett County, Georgia, have both adopted it, according to a Google search. Fort Bend County, Texas, also considered it but it is unclear if it went into effect there. JPMorgan doesn't appear to disclose any information about the program in its financial statements. Scott said in his lawsuit that he served on a Washington D.C. superior court jury in July, and received $30 a day and $4 daily for travel. He got a Chase debit card and was twice charged 25 cents for not having sufficient funds when making a purchase. He was also twice charged $1.50 for inactivity. With about $13 left on the card, he has few ways of using it and expects it to be eventually eaten by fees. "If there is, in fact, any way for jurors to use or withdraw their rump balances, Chase conceals this in order to milk more fees from them," he claimed in the lawsuit. "Indeed, Chase expects and relies on individuals forfeiting these funds to the bank." -By Christian Berthelsen, Bloomberg View Comments Tags Banking Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Le Pen debt plan threatens massive default, say rating agencies Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Expats take flight as Abu Dhabi tightens purse strings Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown Trump embraces Abe after moving to heal rift with Beijing The ruling against President Trump’s travel ban dissected Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Snap set to spur new wave of tech start-ups in Los Angeles Shell and Chevron hold the good cards as oil price rebounds Former Rolls-Royce chief quizzed under caution in corruption probe Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read The importance of bubbles that did not burst Major Chinese bitcoin exchanges halt withdrawals after crackdown Hot leveraged loan market puts ebitda ‘add-backs’ under scrutiny Opec beats oil output cut expectations, says watchdog Investors pile into risky bonds in bet on Trump economy Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Reasons to be cheerful about the British economy Theresa May’s policies make a mockery of her rhetoric The week revolution returned to Romania Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Martin Schulz, the veteran MEP challenging for Merkel’s crown Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read My everyday gripes with Google and Amazon voice assistants Is it better to vape than to smoke? How a hostage situation can hone management skills How to ask for what you want — and get it every time  The death of the 40-hour week is killing us Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read North Korean defector Hyeonseo Lee on escape and the secretive state Aubrey de Grey: scientist who says humans can live for 1,000 years London’s prime property bargains for foreign buyers Are we witnessing the strange, lingering death of Labour England? The rise and fall of a US-backed rebel commander in Syria Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Corporate high life growth boosts BBA Aviation shares Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Vornado Realty Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vornado Realty Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts HBK Investments L P Cuts Position in Capital Senior Living Corporation (CSU) Waldron LP Has $388,000 Stake in Intel Corporation (INTC) HM Payson & Co. Boosts Stake in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Intel Corporation (INTC) Shares Sold by HM Payson & Co. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Has $1,573,000 Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Acquires 27,933 Shares of CVS Health Corporation (CVS) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Lowers Stake in Philip Morris International Inc (PM) Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Boosts Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Advantus Capital Management Inc Has $523,000 Stake in Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Advantus Capital Management Inc Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Stake Raised by Advantus Capital Management Inc Two Sigma Securities LLC Has $403,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Two Sigma Securities LLC Has $961,000 Stake in Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Two Sigma Advisers LP Buys Shares of 29,205 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings (LH) Two Sigma Advisers LP Acquires 16,400 Shares of TEGNA Inc. (GCI) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Stake Cut by Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. Lowers Stake in Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Shares Bought by Quentec Asset Management LLC Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC Has $17,284,000 Position in Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) is Natixis Asset Management’s Largest Position GRS Advisors LLC Acquires 96,094 Shares of Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet GRS Advisors LLC raised its position in Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO) by 101.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 190,394 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 96,094 shares during the period. Vornado Realty Trust comprises about 4.7% of GRS Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 10th largest position. GRS Advisors LLC owned about 0.10% of Vornado Realty Trust worth $19,270,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Standard Life Investments LTD raised its stake in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 843.0% in the third quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD now owns 1,342,028 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $135,813,000 after buying an additional 1,199,719 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 43.0% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3,553,344 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $355,762,000 after buying an additional 1,068,681 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 23.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,508,628 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $456,317,000 after buying an additional 865,285 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 309.5% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 1,016,116 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $102,842,000 after buying an additional 767,957 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. acquired a new stake in shares of Vornado Realty Trust during the second quarter worth about $54,478,000. 89.24% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO) traded up 0.79% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $105.60. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 130,239 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $19.96 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 49.79 and a beta of 0.88. Vornado Realty Trust has a 1-year low of $78.91 and a 1-year high of $108.69. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $105.22 and its 200 day moving average price is $100.89. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Monday, January 30th will be issued a dividend of $0.71 per share. This represents a $2.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.71%. This is a boost from Vornado Realty Trust’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.63. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, January 26th. Vornado Realty Trust’s dividend payout ratio is 133.96%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “GRS Advisors LLC Acquires 96,094 Shares of Vornado Realty Trust (VNO)” was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/grs-advisors-llc-acquires-96094-shares-of-vornado-realty-trust-vno.html. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on VNO shares. J P Morgan Chase & Co lifted their target price on Vornado Realty Trust from $110.00 to $115.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Bank of America Corporation raised Vornado Realty Trust from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $108.00 to $114.00 in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Finally, Barclays PLC lowered their price objective on Vornado Realty Trust from $103.00 to $101.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $107.61. In other Vornado Realty Trust news, insider Mitchell N. Schear sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $102.64, for a total transaction of $1,539,600.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Joseph Macnow sold 40,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $102.98, for a total transaction of $4,119,200.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 30,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,089,400. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 9.72% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Vornado Realty Trust Vornado Realty Trust is a fully integrated real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company conducts its business through, and its interests in properties are held by, Vornado Realty L.P. (the Operating Partnership). It is the sole general partner of, and owns common limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VNO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO). Receive News & Ratings for Vornado Realty Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vornado Realty Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous 3M Company (MMM) Increases Dividend to $1.18 Per Share Next » GRS Advisors LLC Acquires 70,595 Shares of Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GasLog LP. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog LP. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MRNS) Receives $2.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Ardelyx, Inc. (ARDX) Receives $19.67 Average Target Price from Brokerages Leerink Swann Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Finisar Corporation (FNSR) Receives $38.16 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP) Receives $17.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Hyatt Hotels Corporation (H) Price Target at $52.24 Insider Selling: Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $39,844,367.28 in Stock AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (AVB) Earns Buy Rating from Mizuho Teradata Co. (TDC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Eagle Global Advisors LLC Acquires 358,327 Shares of GasLog LP. (GLOG) February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Eagle Global Advisors LLC increased its position in GasLog LP. (NYSE:GLOG) by 11.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 3,390,596 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 358,327 shares during the period. GasLog LP. accounts for approximately 1.4% of Eagle Global Advisors LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. Eagle Global Advisors LLC’s holdings in GasLog LP. were worth $49,333,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of GLOG. Peregrine Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in GasLog LP. during the third quarter worth approximately $13,589,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in GasLog LP. by 194.3% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 248,515 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,225,000 after buying an additional 164,077 shares during the last quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. increased its stake in GasLog LP. by 333.4% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 200,487 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,577,000 after buying an additional 154,229 shares during the last quarter. GAM Holding AG acquired a new stake in GasLog LP. during the third quarter worth approximately $2,056,000. Finally, Harvest Fund Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in GasLog LP. during the second quarter worth approximately $1,320,000. 46.53% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. GasLog LP. (NYSE:GLOG) traded down 1.24% on Wednesday, reaching $15.90. 39,457 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. GasLog LP. has a 52-week low of $6.09 and a 52-week high of $17.85. The firm’s market cap is $1.28 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $16.72 and its 200 day moving average is $15.29. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Eagle Global Advisors LLC Acquires 358,327 Shares of GasLog LP. (GLOG)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/eagle-global-advisors-llc-acquires-358327-shares-of-gaslog-lp-glog.html. A number of research firms recently commented on GLOG. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of GasLog LP. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, November 7th. Seaport Global Securities began coverage on shares of GasLog LP. in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $18.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company upgraded shares of GasLog LP. from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $20.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $16.00. GasLog LP. Company Profile GasLog Ltd. is an international owner, operator and manager of liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers. The Company provides support to international energy companies as part of their LNG logistics chain. The Company’s owned fleet includes approximately 20 LNG carriers, including 10 ships in operation and five LNG carriers on order. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GLOG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for GasLog LP. (NYSE:GLOG). Receive News & Ratings for GasLog LP. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog LP. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Q2 Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Q2 Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Q2 Holdings, Inc. (QTWO) Shares Sold by Diker Management LLC Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Diker Management LLC reduced its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO) by 76.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 24,500 shares of the company’s stock after selling 80,610 shares during the period. Diker Management LLC owned 0.06% of Q2 Holdings worth $702,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 85.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,258,617 shares of the company’s stock valued at $93,392,000 after buying an additional 1,497,182 shares during the period. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC raised its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 91.0% in the third quarter. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC now owns 1,537,661 shares of the company’s stock valued at $44,069,000 after buying an additional 732,413 shares during the period. Stephens Investment Management Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Q2 Holdings during the third quarter valued at about $8,943,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 5.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,969,449 shares of the company’s stock valued at $56,445,000 after buying an additional 102,163 shares during the period. Finally, TimesSquare Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 4.8% in the third quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC now owns 2,170,256 shares of the company’s stock valued at $62,200,000 after buying an additional 99,910 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 91.83% of the company’s stock. Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO) opened at 32.35 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $30.58 and its 200-day moving average is $29.32. Q2 Holdings, Inc. has a 52-week low of $17.47 and a 52-week high of $33.30. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.30 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/q2-holdings-inc-qtwo-shares-sold-by-diker-management-llc.html. Several analysts have recently issued reports on QTWO shares. Pacific Crest started coverage on shares of Q2 Holdings in a research report on Friday, November 18th. They issued a “sector weight” rating on the stock. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Q2 Holdings in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. BTIG Research lowered shares of Q2 Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, November 14th. Needham & Company LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of Q2 Holdings in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Loop Capital assumed coverage on shares of Q2 Holdings in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $36.00 target price on the stock. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Q2 Holdings currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $30.89. In other news, EVP John E. Breeden sold 7,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $32.85, for a total value of $246,375.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 47,549 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,561,984.65. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CFO Jennifer Noel Harris sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.00, for a total transaction of $300,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 71,732 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,151,960. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 80,612 shares of company stock valued at $2,403,964. 38.10% of the stock is owned by insiders. Q2 Holdings Company Profile Q2 Holdings, Inc is a provider of secure, cloud-based virtual banking solutions. The Company enables regional and community financial institutions (RCFIs) to deliver a range of virtual banking services. The Company delivers virtual banking solutions across online, mobile, voice and tablet channels. The Company’s solutions are the point of interaction between its RCFI customers and their account holders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding QTWO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO). Receive News & Ratings for Q2 Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Q2 Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Hikari Tsushin Inc. Maintains Position in AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Next » RBC Capital Markets Reiterates “Sector Perform” Rating for LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Coming Windfall for Bank Investors Bank investors could soon be in for a $100 billion (or more) windfall in the form of higher dividends and stock buybacks. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Feb 8, 2017 at 8:48AM Image source: Getty Images (via iStock/Thinkstock). Despite the current presidential administration's promise to "dismantle" the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, it's become clear that it neither intends to do so nor does it think that it could. This is why Donald Trump's principal economic advisor, Gary Cohn, is focused on changing out the personnel atop the regulatory entities, as the new appointees could then work within the current regulatory structure to ease the burden on banks. But just because the Dodd-Frank Act will probably survive -- assuming the Republicans don't widen their majority in the Senate in the mid-term elections, that is -- doesn't mean Cohn's strategy won't have positive implications for investors in bank stocks. Far and away the biggest benefit is likely to be an increase in dividends and stock buybacks. $100 billion windfall Most companies are free to increase their dividends or buy back more stock at the discretion of their boards of directors. The same isn't true for banks, which are much more tightly constrained when it comes to allocating capital. As a part of the annual stress tests, the nation's largest banks, such as JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), and Citigroup (NYSE:C) must request permission to return more capital to shareholders. This has tripped a number of these banks up in the past. A review of Bank of America's stress-test history shows that it was either denied the opportunity to increase its dividend or didn't seek approval to do so in four out of the past six years. Citigroup has run into similar issues as well. And while JPMorgan Chase has been allowed to boost its dividend every year since the crisis, it seems reasonable to conclude that the New York-based bank would return even more capital to shareholders if the decision was entirely up to it. All of the nation's biggest banks have thereby accumulated an enormous amount of capital on their balance sheets. They've collected so much, in fact, that a recent Wall Street Journal article concluded that the nation's six biggest banks could return an incredible "$100 billion in capital to investors over time through dividends and share buybacks if the Trump administration succeeds in a push to loosen bank regulation." The biggest beneficiaries The biggest beneficiaries are likely to be stockholders in Citigroup. According to veteran bank analyst Dick Bove, Citigroup has $30.3 billion worth of excess capital on its balance sheet above and beyond its regulatory minimum. JPMorgan Chase comes in second, with $26.6 billion, followed by Wells Fargo, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Bank of America, respectively. Bank Excess Capital Citigroup $30.3 billion JPMorgan Chase $26.6 billion Wells Fargo $23.1 billion Goldman Sachs $22.8 billion Morgan Stanley $22.3 billion Bank of America $21.2 billion Data source: Dick Bove, Rafferty Capital Markets. Before getting too excited, however, there are a couple of things to note. The first is that it remains to be seen whether the Federal Reserve would relinquish its veto authority over bank capital plans even if the White House changes out its personnel. After all, regulators are like other humans in that they don't tend to give up power once it's acquired. The second thing to note is that the predicted windfall may not come at one time and is most likely to be channeled through stock buybacks as opposed to dramatically higher dividends. Bank of America and Citigroup may be exceptions, as they currently pay out the smallest share of their earnings to shareholders. But even these two banks are likely to focus more on stock buybacks, given that their shares trade for discounts to their respective book values. Either way, while investors in bank stocks have probably gotten overly optimistic about the extent of an impending regulatory overhaul, this is certainly one area were meaningful changes may be both possible and probable. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Feb 8, 2017 at 8:48AM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $57.63 up $0.37 (0.65%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.08 down $0.04 (-0.17%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.00 down $0.20 (-0.23%) Read More Why 2017 Could Be This Stock's Best Year Yet Why Bank of America's Stock Tumbled on Tuesday 3 Reasons Bank of America Should Have a Very Good Year The Most Important Part of Bank of America's Earnings Report Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Coming Windfall for Bank Investors @themotleyfool #stocks $C, $BAC, $JPM
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral Jim Armitage: A Saudi coup for Moelis — and there’s more to shoot for JIM ARMITAGE Evening Standard8 February 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Saudi energy minister Khalid A. Al-Falih is chairman of Saudi Aramco: Ronald Zak/APMore So, little old Moelis, the boutique investment bank, has pipped Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan for the gig to advise on the biggest flotation ever — Saudi Aramco. What a kick in the teeth for Wall Street and City giants, right? Perhaps not. While it’s clearly a major coup for Ken Moelis, the dealmaker who started off at junk bonder Drexel Lambert back in the day, his victory is primarily over boutiques like Rothschild, Lazard and Evercore, not the Wall Street and City global banks. The megabanks will still be coining it from this $2 trillion share sale, distributing the stock to investors around the world. Moelis’s role will be as the Saudis’ trusted consiglieri. It’s been chosen precisely because it is not conflicted like the bulge bracket banks by having securities trading arms elsewhere. As such, you can bet Lazard and Rothschild will be smarting if they don’t end up getting any of the action. They have for centuries been the advisers of choice to governments and sovereigns. Ken Moelis, though, has crept into the Middle East in style. He and his London team have worked on restructuring some of Dubai’s biggest businesses since its financial crisis of 2009. They now sit at the very head of the top table in Saudi. And what a banquet western bankers and investors are set to enjoy there. Deputy crown prince Muhammad Bin Salman’s so-called Vision 2030 programme will see trillions of dollars spent on rebuilding the nation and its economy away from oil. That means multi-billion dollar contracts going up for grabs across the country. British firms are already waking up to the prospect of dollars from the desert; Saudi was our third fastest growing export market in 2011-2015, with top five sectors being nuclear energy, aircraft, weapons, industrial vehicles and luxury cars in that order. But there’s far more to shoot for beyond the obvious likes of Rolls-Royce, BAE Systems, JCB and Bentley. The country is still only our 14th biggest export market — below Hong Kong and even South Korea. Other big UK specialisms like fashion, food and pharmaceuticals still look under-represented, not to mention financial services. With Brexit forcing British firms to seek trade beyond Europe, it’s time for more chief executives to follow Moelis and hop on a plane to Saudi. Time for margin call? An alarming stat in Hargreaves Lansdown’s numbers today. Profit margins last year at the investment fund market jumped from 67% to 71%. Tesco, at its optimistic best, is hoping it will reach 4% by 2020. In any other industry but finance, Hargreaves’ figures might raise an eyebrow from a consumer-championing regulator. As that old question asked of wealthy wealth managers goes: where are the customers’ yachts? Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next Trump ‘interrupted call to Putin to ask aide what nuclear weapons treaty was’ Yahoo News UK Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored A guy who 'found £11,000 worth of cocaine in his Nesquik' is suing the supermarket SNAPPA News Sexual violence in refugee camps: 'It is dangerous - men get drunk and come into women's tents' International Business Times Isis fighter Khaled Sharrouf stripped of Australian citizenship International Business Times Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored 'Nine police officers arrive in two cars and a riot van' to take DUCKS from homeless man Yahoo News UK Debra Messing Says Director Told Her 'Your Job Is to Get Naked' on 1995 Film Entertainment Weekly EU financial services chief warns U.S. against unpicking bank rules Reuters This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Exclusive: Defiant Assad tells Yahoo News torture report is 'fake news' Yahoo News Video Best pet tech you can buy in 2017 Tara Palmer-Tomkinson: Socialite died 'peacefully' in her sleep at home, her family reveal Evening Standard Why the Internet is Going Crazy Over this Mattress CasperSponsored Art of Building architectural photography competition - the incredible winners Cheating Frenchman sues Uber for unmasking his mistress AFP Help Privacy Suggestions About our ads Terms By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Luxfer Holdings PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Luxfer Holdings PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Luxfer Holdings PLC (LXFR) Stake Boosted by Harber Asset Management LLC February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Harber Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Luxfer Holdings PLC (NYSE:LXFR) by 18.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 379,032 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 59,308 shares during the period. Luxfer Holdings PLC makes up about 2.2% of Harber Asset Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 16th largest position. Harber Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Luxfer Holdings PLC were worth $4,393,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of LXFR. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio purchased a new stake in Luxfer Holdings PLC during the second quarter valued at $114,000. Baker Ellis Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in Luxfer Holdings PLC during the third quarter valued at $114,000. Kempen Capital Management N.V. raised its stake in Luxfer Holdings PLC by 38.4% in the third quarter. Kempen Capital Management N.V. now owns 38,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 10,600 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Luxfer Holdings PLC by 125.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 46,989 shares of the company’s stock valued at $565,000 after buying an additional 26,147 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors purchased a new stake in Luxfer Holdings PLC during the second quarter valued at $1,026,000. 87.86% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Luxfer Holdings PLC (NYSE:LXFR) opened at 11.00 on Wednesday. Luxfer Holdings PLC has a one year low of $9.27 and a one year high of $13.60. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $11.19 and its 200-day moving average is $10.98. The company has a market cap of $290.39 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.36 and a beta of 0.85. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, February 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, January 13th were paid a $0.125 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, January 11th. This is a positive change from Luxfer Holdings PLC’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.12. This represents a $0.50 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.55%. Luxfer Holdings PLC’s payout ratio is 49.48%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Luxfer Holdings PLC (LXFR) Stake Boosted by Harber Asset Management LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/luxfer-holdings-plc-lxfr-stake-boosted-by-harber-asset-management-llc.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Luxfer Holdings PLC from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. About Luxfer Holdings PLC Luxfer Holdings PLC is a holding company. The Company is a global materials technology company specializing in the design, manufacture and supply of materials, components and high-pressure gas-containment devices for healthcare, environmental, protection and specialty end-markets. Its segments include Elektron division and Gas Cylinders division. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LXFR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Luxfer Holdings PLC (NYSE:LXFR). Receive News & Ratings for Luxfer Holdings PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Luxfer Holdings PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Charity appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Business Jim Armitage: A Saudi coup for Moelis — and there’s more to shoot for JIM ARMITAGE Wednesday 8 February 2017 11:27 GMT Click to follow The Evening Standard Saudi energy minister Khalid A. Al-Falih is chairman of Saudi Aramco Ronald Zak/AP So, little old Moelis, the boutique investment bank, has pipped Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan for the gig to advise on the biggest flotation ever — Saudi Aramco.  What a kick in the teeth for Wall Street and City giants, right? Perhaps not. While it’s clearly a major coup for Ken Moelis, the dealmaker who started off at junk bonder Drexel Lambert back in the day, his victory is primarily over boutiques like Rothschild, Lazard and Evercore, not the Wall Street and City global banks. The megabanks will still be coining it from this $2 trillion share sale, distributing the stock to investors around the world. Moelis’s role will be as the Saudis’ trusted consiglieri. It’s been chosen precisely because it is not conflicted like the bulge bracket banks by having securities trading arms elsewhere. As such, you can bet Lazard and Rothschild will be smarting if they don’t end up getting any of the action.  They have for centuries been the advisers of choice to governments and sovereigns.  Ken Moelis, though, has crept into the Middle East in style. He and his London team have worked on restructuring some of Dubai’s biggest businesses since its financial crisis of 2009. They now sit at the very head of the top table in Saudi. And what a banquet western bankers and investors are set to enjoy there. Deputy crown prince Muhammad Bin Salman’s so-called Vision 2030 programme will see trillions of dollars spent on rebuilding the nation and its economy away from oil.  That means multi-billion dollar contracts going up for grabs across the country. British firms are already waking up to the prospect of dollars from the desert; Saudi was our third fastest growing export market in 2011-2015, with top five sectors being nuclear energy, aircraft, weapons, industrial vehicles and luxury cars in that order.  But there’s far more to shoot for beyond the obvious likes of Rolls-Royce, BAE Systems, JCB and Bentley. The country is still only our 14th biggest export market — below Hong Kong and even South Korea. Other big UK specialisms like fashion, food and pharmaceuticals still look under-represented, not to mention financial services. With Brexit forcing British firms to seek trade beyond Europe, it’s time for more chief executives to follow Moelis and hop on a plane to Saudi. Time for margin call? An alarming stat in Hargreaves Lansdown’s numbers today. Profit margins last year at the investment fund market jumped from 67% to 71%. Tesco, at its optimistic best, is hoping it will reach 4% by 2020. In any other industry but finance, Hargreaves’ figures might raise an eyebrow from a consumer-championing regulator.  As that old question asked of wealthy wealth managers goes: where are the customers’ yachts? More about: Business Bank float Oil Saudi Arabia Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Quorum Health Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Quorum Health Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (AVB) Earns Buy Rating from Mizuho Teradata Co. (TDC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) PT at $328.06 Aerohive Networks, Inc. (HIVE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday TELUS Corporation (TU) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend Quorum Health Corp (QHC) Shares Sold by Muhlenkamp & Co. Inc. February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Muhlenkamp & Co. Inc. lowered its position in shares of Quorum Health Corp (NYSE:QHC) by 0.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 93,027 shares of the company’s stock after selling 869 shares during the period. Muhlenkamp & Co. Inc. owned 0.33% of Quorum Health Corp worth $583,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Howard Hughes Medical Institute bought a new position in Quorum Health Corp during the third quarter worth approximately $105,000. HAP Trading LLC boosted its stake in shares of Quorum Health Corp by 26.2% in the third quarter. HAP Trading LLC now owns 297,501 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,865,000 after buying an additional 61,700 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Quorum Health Corp by 838.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 676,369 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,240,000 after buying an additional 604,333 shares during the last quarter. KBC Group NV boosted its stake in shares of Quorum Health Corp by 317.8% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 92,514 shares of the company’s stock worth $580,000 after buying an additional 70,369 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Quorum Health Corp during the third quarter worth $144,000. Quorum Health Corp (NYSE:QHC) opened at 8.10 on Wednesday. Quorum Health Corp has a 1-year low of $3.75 and a 1-year high of $17.75. The company has a 50-day moving average of $8.48 and a 200-day moving average of $7.00. The firm’s market cap is $238.83 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Quorum Health Corp (QHC) Shares Sold by Muhlenkamp & Co. Inc.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/quorum-health-corp-qhc-shares-sold-by-muhlenkamp-co-inc.html. Separately, RBC Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating and set a $6.00 target price on shares of Quorum Health Corp in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $9.68. About Quorum Health Corp Quorum Health Corporation is an operator and manager of general acute care hospitals and outpatient services in the United States. The Company operates in two segments: Hospital operations, which includes its general acute care hospitals and related healthcare entities that provide inpatient and outpatient healthcare services, and hospital management advisory and consulting services, which includes Quorum Health Resources, LLC (QHR). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding QHC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Quorum Health Corp (NYSE:QHC). Receive News & Ratings for Quorum Health Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Quorum Health Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance VWR Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for VWR Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 Reaves Utility Income Fund (UTG) Announces $0.16 Monthly Dividend AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Evercore ISI Reiterates Sell Rating for Autoliv, Inc. (ALV) Coeur Mining, Inc. (CDE) Stock Price Down 21.9% on Disappointing Earnings SkyWest, Inc. (SKYW) Trading Up 6.6% After Dividend Announcement Aetna Inc. (AET) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald MB Financial Inc. (MBFI) Receives $44.60 Consensus PT from Analysts Macquarie Analysts Give ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) a €29.00 Price Target Statoil ASA (STO) Receives $15.16 Average Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Price Target at $49.30 Brokerages Set American Express Company (AXP) PT at $76.64 NewStar Financial, Inc. (NEWS) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Issues FY16 Earnings Guidance Xylem Inc. (XYL) Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity XPO Logistics, Inc. (XPO) Research Coverage Started at Seaport Global Securities Lyon William Homes (WLH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research VWR Corporation (VWR) Position Lowered by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Chartwell Investment Partners LLC decreased its position in shares of VWR Corporation (NASDAQ:VWR) by 5.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 614,350 shares of the company’s stock after selling 38,525 shares during the period. Chartwell Investment Partners LLC owned 0.47% of VWR Corporation worth $17,423,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Madison Dearborn Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of VWR Corporation during the second quarter valued at $1,553,375,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of VWR Corporation by 4,179.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,301,598 shares of the company’s stock valued at $65,274,000 after buying an additional 2,247,820 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of VWR Corporation by 41.5% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 5,633,111 shares of the company’s stock valued at $162,796,000 after buying an additional 1,653,244 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of VWR Corporation by 903.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,809,270 shares of the company’s stock valued at $51,311,000 after buying an additional 1,629,007 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Jennison Associates LLC increased its position in shares of VWR Corporation by 651.4% in the third quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 1,032,274 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,275,000 after buying an additional 894,901 shares in the last quarter. Shares of VWR Corporation (NASDAQ:VWR) traded down 0.19% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $25.62. 563,590 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $25.39 and a 200 day moving average price of $27.16. VWR Corporation has a 1-year low of $21.96 and a 1-year high of $31.75. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.37 billion, a PE ratio of 19.26 and a beta of 1.13. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/vwr-corporation-vwr-position-lowered-by-chartwell-investment-partners-llc.html. VWR has been the topic of several analyst reports. Bank of America Corporation downgraded shares of VWR Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, November 4th. TheStreet downgraded shares of VWR Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, November 14th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $26.00 price target on shares of VWR Corporation in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC lowered their price target on shares of VWR Corporation from $34.00 to $31.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, January 23rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $31.43. VWR Corporation Company Profile VWR Corporation is a provider of laboratory products, services and solutions to the life science, general research and applied markets. The Company operates in two segments: Americas and EMEA-APAC. Its Americas segment consists of operations located principally in the United States and Canada, as well as in Puerto Rico, Mexico and select countries in Central and South America, including Costa Rica, Brazil, Argentina and Chile, and includes over 65 facilities located in approximately 10 countries. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VWR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for VWR Corporation (NASDAQ:VWR). Receive News & Ratings for VWR Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for VWR Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aqua America Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aqua America Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) PT at $328.06 Aerohive Networks, Inc. (HIVE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday TELUS Corporation (TU) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 Reaves Utility Income Fund (UTG) Announces $0.16 Monthly Dividend AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC 39,866 Shares in Aqua America, Inc. (WTR) Acquired by Verition Fund Management LLC February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Verition Fund Management LLC purchased a new stake in Aqua America, Inc. (NYSE:WTR) during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor purchased 39,866 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,215,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in WTR. Tuttle Tactical Management LLC boosted its position in Aqua America by 0.5% in the second quarter. Tuttle Tactical Management LLC now owns 5,736 shares of the company’s stock valued at $197,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in Aqua America by 2.7% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 149,877 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,345,000 after buying an additional 3,900 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Aqua America by 44.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 164,932 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,882,000 after buying an additional 50,685 shares during the last quarter. Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management bought a new position in shares of Aqua America during the second quarter valued at about $2,568,000. Finally, Commonwealth Equity Services Inc raised its position in shares of Aqua America by 2.8% in the second quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 277,066 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,880,000 after buying an additional 7,523 shares during the period. 47.90% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Aqua America, Inc. (NYSE:WTR) traded up 0.27% on Tuesday, reaching $29.94. 467,276 shares of the company traded hands. Aqua America, Inc. has a 1-year low of $28.03 and a 1-year high of $35.83. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.31 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.95 and a beta of 0.46. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $30.05 and a 200 day moving average price of $30.57. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.1913 per share. This represents a $0.77 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.56%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 13th. Aqua America’s dividend payout ratio is presently 64.71%. WARNING: This story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/39866-shares-in-aqua-america-inc-wtr-acquired-by-verition-fund-management-llc.html. WTR has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Aqua America from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Robert W. Baird initiated coverage on shares of Aqua America in a research report on Friday, October 14th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $32.00 target price for the company. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $33.00 target price on shares of Aqua America in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $32.20. Aqua America Company Profile Aqua America, Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides water or wastewater services in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Indiana and Virginia, among others. It is the holding company for its subsidiary, Aqua Pennsylvania, Inc Its market-based activities are conducted through Aqua Resources Inc and Aqua Infrastructure, LLC. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WTR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Aqua America, Inc. (NYSE:WTR). Receive News & Ratings for Aqua America Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aqua America Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Health Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News UBS Oconnor LLC Takes Position in Facebook Inc (FB) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Shares Bought by Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC Lakeview Capital Partners LLC Sells 6,770 Shares of Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Pfizer, Inc. (PFE) Position Raised by Bragg Financial Advisors Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Increased by Two Sigma Advisers LP West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (WST) Shares Sold by United Services Automobile Association United Services Automobile Association Has $2,757,000 Stake in CBRE Group, Inc. (CBG) HighTower Advisors LLC Has $510,000 Position in Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 400 Shares of Catalent Inc (CTLT) United States Cellular Corporation (USM) Stake Lowered by Hsbc Holdings PLC Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Shares Sold by Hsbc Holdings PLC First American Corporation (The) (FAF) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research AMP Capital Investors Ltd Maintains Stake in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (AEL) AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 2,400 Shares of EnLink Midstream, LLC (ENLC) Visteon Corporation (VC) Position Held by AMP Capital Investors Ltd DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Position Raised by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $235,000 Position in Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Position Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Hsbc Holdings PLC Sells 4,887 Shares of EPR Properties (EPR) Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Sells 110,751 Shares of Ambev S.A. (ABEV) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Sells 12,019 Shares of Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. cut its position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS) by 14.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 73,099 shares of the company’s stock after selling 12,019 shares during the period. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. owned approximately 0.08% of Universal Health Services worth $9,007,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Universal Health Services by 3.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,383,527 shares of the company’s stock worth $293,698,000 after buying an additional 78,452 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Universal Health Services by 17.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,766,229 shares of the company’s stock worth $217,635,000 after buying an additional 259,562 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Universal Health Services by 2.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,655,484 shares of the company’s stock worth $203,989,000 after buying an additional 39,414 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Universal Health Services by 0.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,348,724 shares of the company’s stock worth $166,190,000 after buying an additional 8,554 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Jana Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Universal Health Services during the third quarter worth about $156,939,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 85.64% of the company’s stock. Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS) traded up 0.43% on Tuesday, reaching $113.39. 1,050,304 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $10.99 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.97 and a beta of 1.10. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $110.79 and a 200-day moving average price of $119.23. Universal Health Services, Inc. has a 52-week low of $99.72 and a 52-week high of $139.77. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 1st will be issued a dividend of $0.10 per share. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.35%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 27th. Universal Health Services’s payout ratio is 5.63%. WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/candriam-luxembourg-s-c-a-sells-12019-shares-of-universal-health-services-inc-uhs.html. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Universal Health Services from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Barclays PLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $147.00 price target on shares of Universal Health Services in a report on Monday, November 14th. Mizuho decreased their price target on shares of Universal Health Services from $150.00 to $142.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Piper Jaffray Companies assumed coverage on shares of Universal Health Services in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating and a $119.00 price target for the company. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Universal Health Services in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. Universal Health Services has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $136.85. Universal Health Services Company Profile Universal Health Services, Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in owning and operating acute care hospitals, behavioral health centers, surgical hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and radiation oncology centers. Its segment is acute care hospital services and behavioral healthcare services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UHS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS). Receive News & Ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance M.D.C. Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for M.D.C. Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) PT at $328.06 Aerohive Networks, Inc. (HIVE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday TELUS Corporation (TU) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 Reaves Utility Income Fund (UTG) Announces $0.16 Monthly Dividend AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Gerstein Fisher Has $688,000 Position in M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (MDC) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Gerstein Fisher held its stake in shares of M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:MDC) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 26,656 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Gerstein Fisher owned about 0.05% of M.D.C. Holdings worth $688,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Hexavest Inc. boosted its stake in shares of M.D.C. Holdings by 83.5% in the third quarter. Hexavest Inc. now owns 1,023,024 shares of the company’s stock valued at $26,394,000 after buying an additional 465,464 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of M.D.C. Holdings by 12.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,155,704 shares of the company’s stock valued at $76,810,000 after buying an additional 346,293 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of M.D.C. Holdings by 57.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 863,053 shares of the company’s stock valued at $22,265,000 after buying an additional 316,328 shares in the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of M.D.C. Holdings by 122.8% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 275,895 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,715,000 after buying an additional 152,088 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of M.D.C. Holdings by 81.4% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 205,014 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,990,000 after buying an additional 92,014 shares in the last quarter. 74.83% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:MDC) traded down 0.66% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $27.03. 620,304 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $26.65 and a 200-day moving average of $24.81. M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. has a 52 week low of $18.36 and a 52 week high of $28.50. The stock has a market cap of $1.39 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.52 and a beta of 1.33. M.D.C. Holdings (NYSE:MDC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.78 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.11. The firm had revenue of $716.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $672.40 million. M.D.C. Holdings had a net margin of 4.44% and a return on equity of 8.02%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 26.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.44 EPS. Equities analysts expect that M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. will post $2.50 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 22nd. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 8th will be given a $0.25 dividend. This represents a $1.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.70%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 6th. M.D.C. Holdings’s payout ratio is presently 11.95%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/gerstein-fisher-has-688000-position-in-m-d-c-holdings-inc-mdc.html. Several analysts recently weighed in on MDC shares. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of M.D.C. Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Evercore ISI began coverage on shares of M.D.C. Holdings in a research report on Monday, November 14th. They set a “hold” rating and a $28.00 price target on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating, one has issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. M.D.C. Holdings presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $28.50. M.D.C. Holdings Company Profile M.DC Holdings, Inc is engaged in two primary operations, such as homebuilding and financial services. The Company’s homebuilding operations consist of subsidiary companies that purchases finished lots or develop lots for the construction and sale primarily of single-family detached homes to first-time and first-time move-up homebuyers under the name Richmond American Homes. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MDC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:MDC). Receive News & Ratings for M.D.C. Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for M.D.C. Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Dover Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dover Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Dover Corporation (DOV) Position Raised by KCM Investment Advisors LLC Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet KCM Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) by 0.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 5,917 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. KCM Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Dover Corporation were worth $436,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Dover Corporation by 88.9% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 1,811,300 shares of the company’s stock worth $133,384,000 after buying an additional 852,328 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Dover Corporation by 22.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,649,354 shares of the company’s stock valued at $268,738,000 after buying an additional 656,989 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Dover Corporation by 21.6% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3,272,919 shares of the company’s stock valued at $226,877,000 after buying an additional 580,562 shares during the last quarter. CI Investments Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Dover Corporation during the second quarter valued at approximately $24,165,000. Finally, Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. raised its position in shares of Dover Corporation by 80.0% in the third quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 745,153 shares of the company’s stock valued at $54,873,000 after buying an additional 331,197 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 84.86% of the company’s stock. Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) traded down 0.46% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $77.65. The company had a trading volume of 1,066,811 shares. Dover Corporation has a 12 month low of $55.30 and a 12 month high of $82.32. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $77.71 and its 200-day moving average price is $72.88. The stock has a market cap of $12.06 billion, a PE ratio of 23.89 and a beta of 1.18. Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.71 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.24. The company earned $1.80 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.71 billion. Dover Corporation had a net margin of 7.49% and a return on equity of 12.35%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 89.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.81 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Dover Corporation will post $3.58 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Dover Corporation (DOV) Position Raised by KCM Investment Advisors LLC” was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/dover-corporation-dov-position-raised-by-kcm-investment-advisors-llc.html. DOV has been the subject of several research reports. Citigroup Inc. decreased their target price on Dover Corporation from $76.00 to $72.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, October 11th. Barclays PLC set a $68.00 target price on Dover Corporation and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 11th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Dover Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on Dover Corporation from $65.00 to $72.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, October 20th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Dover Corporation in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. Eleven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $74.19. In other news, insider Jay L. Kloosterboer sold 11,501 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.25, for a total value of $807,945.25. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 64,615 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,539,203.75. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. About Dover Corporation Dover Corporation (Dover) is engaged in the manufacturing of equipment, components and specialty systems. The Company also provides supporting engineering, testing and other services. The Company operates through four segments: Energy, Engineered Systems, Fluids, and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. The Energy segment provides solutions and services for production and processing of fuels across the world. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DOV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Dover Corporation (NYSE:DOV). Receive News & Ratings for Dover Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dover Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous KCM Investment Advisors LLC Maintains Position in Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Next » Choate Investment Advisors Holds Position in Novartis AG (NVS) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes NYC protesters march on Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan for Trump ties Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus Tuesday, 7 Feb 2017 | 10:55 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Scores of New Yorkers march against Chase and Goldman    Tuesday, 7 Feb 2017 | 7:55 PM ET | 00:56 Protesters marched on Goldman Sachs' headquarters in New York on Tuesday in a rally against Wall Street's involvement in President Donald Trump's administration. Activists from grassroots anti-"swamp" movements Government Sachs and Resist Here railed against Goldman and JPMorgan Chase for their role in the White House's mission to loosen federal regulations on banks. Members of New York Communities for Change, the Working Families Party and the Hedge Clippers also protested. The demonstration was organized as a part of #ResistTrumpTuesdays, a weekly event organized by Resist Here that began in December. Among those protesting was 31-year-old Harry Waisbren, co-founder of online video network Act.TV and an Occupy Wall Street veteran. "Trump has just taken the [Goldman Sachs] executives, brought them into the White House, and it's absolutely disgusting, especially considering how he won the Republican primary as well as the general election chastising the other candidates for their fealty to Wall Street," Waisbren told CNBC. "The idea of Occupy Wall Street, that we need a government that works for all of us, not just the 1 percent, lives on. It was totally visible and strengthened throughout Bernie Sanders' candidacy," he added. Marchers condemned the banks' influence on the current administration after then-candidate Trump's calls on the campaign trail to "drain the swamp," or clean the federal government of corrupt influence. Trump used the phrase time and again to signal a change from business as usual in Washington. But protesters said that very "swamp" has taken over Trump's White House. Liz Gurdus | CNBC Protesters in New York City rally against President Donald Trump's ties to Wall Street and his potential rollback of banking regulations. #ResistTrumpTuesdays organizer Nelini Stamp, 29, said Trump targeted voters who were hit hardest in the financial crisis by saying he would end government corruption. "He said he was going to drain the swamp and all we see is that he's filling it more and more every week," Stamp, a member of the Working Families Party, told CNBC. "This was never about the American people. This was never about making America great again. It was about rolling back all of the things that Americans have fought for since the financial crisis and ... during the Obama administration," she said. Trump signed two executive orders on Friday to start the process of relaxing regulations on the financial industry. The first order began a review of federal financial regulations including the Dodd-Frank act, a set of banking industry reforms put in place after the 2008 financial crisis in a bid to prevent another financial meltdown. The Treasury Department was tasked with determining whether existing regulation conforms to what Trump called "core principles" of his administration. The second called for a Labor Department review of a rule requiring financial advisors to give their customers advice that is in the client's best interest. The rule is scheduled to start on April 10. Although the orders have not yet resulted in any concrete regulatory rollback, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., condemned Trump on Friday for issuing the orders, saying the moves were hypocritical after a populist campaign in which he vowed to "drain the swamp." She argued that the order targeting the fiduciary rule for financial advisors "will make it easier for investment advisors to cheat you out of your retirement savings." Warren said that those spearheading the Treasury Department review of financial regulations are themselves former Goldman executives: Trump Treasury nominee Steven Mnuchin and the president's top economic advisor, Gary Cohn. Before signing the orders on Friday, Trump met with some of the country's top CEOs, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, to discuss tax reform, trade, immigration and regulation. Renata Pumarol, 32, a protest organizer with New York Communities for Change, decried Trump's Wall Street ties, telling CNBC that a regulation rollback could put the average citizen in harm's way. "Trump is making it easier for these bankers, for Goldman Sachs, for Chase, to keep robbing ... America," Pumarol said. "We think this is outrageous that he's ... giving (JPMorgan Chase CEO) Jamie Dimon the power to roll back Dodd-Frank, which was basically set in place to protect us." On Friday, Trump said "there's nobody better" than Dimon to consult about financial regulation. Ahead of the protest, Goldman Sachs said: "We respect every individual's rights to assembly and free speech in accordance with laws." In an interview with the New York Times in January, Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein brushed off the idea that his firm has any unfair influence on proceedings in Washington. "It's an imprimatur on our firm that we have such good people that the administration wants to hire them," he said. "But the perception that they'll go to Washington and then favor us is false. The reverse is true. They'll bend over backwards to avoid that. They're not going to serve the interests of Goldman Sachs. They have their own careers and reputations to worry about." JPMorgan Chase did not immediately respond to CNBC's request for comment. Elizabeth GurdusNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GS --- JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Career Education Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Career Education Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Reaches New 1-Year High After Strong Earnings Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Stake Cut by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 115,336 Shares of Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Position Held by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 2,100,000 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Shares Bought by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Graham Holdings Company (GHC) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 6,000 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $147,000 Stake in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC) MetLife, Inc. (MET) Shares Sold by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,000 Shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $7,811,000 Position in Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (ENH) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Purchases 50,413 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Mackenzie Financial Corp Acquires 278,734 Shares of Career Education Corporation (CECO) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mackenzie Financial Corp raised its stake in shares of Career Education Corporation (NASDAQ:CECO) by 62.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 727,907 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 278,734 shares during the period. Mackenzie Financial Corp owned about 1.06% of Career Education Corporation worth $4,942,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Acadian Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in Career Education Corporation during the third quarter valued at approximately $6,804,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in Career Education Corporation by 14.2% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 3,440,682 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,471,000 after buying an additional 427,034 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Career Education Corporation by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 4,776,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,429,000 after buying an additional 216,994 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Career Education Corporation by 18,834.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 107,550 shares of the company’s stock valued at $730,000 after buying an additional 106,982 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Alambic Investment Management L.P. raised its position in Career Education Corporation by 69.3% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 169,051 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,148,000 after buying an additional 69,200 shares during the last quarter. 71.03% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Career Education Corporation (NASDAQ:CECO) traded down 1.04% on Tuesday, reaching $9.52. 190,973 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $10.00 and a 200 day moving average price of $8.29. Career Education Corporation has a 1-year low of $2.23 and a 1-year high of $10.53. The stock has a market capitalization of $652.04 million, a PE ratio of 4.18 and a beta of 2.49. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/mackenzie-financial-corp-acquires-278734-shares-of-career-education-corporation-ceco.html. In other news, Director Richard D. Wang sold 200,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.22, for a total transaction of $2,044,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Andrew Hurst sold 6,592 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $9.72, for a total transaction of $64,074.24. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 102,560 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $996,883.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.88% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About Career Education Corporation Career Education Corporation, through its colleges, institutions and universities, offers education to students in a range of career-oriented disciplines through online, on-ground and hybrid learning programs. The Company’s American InterContinental University (AIU) and Colorado Technical University (CTU) provide degree programs through the master’s or doctoral level as well as associate and bachelor’s levels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CECO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Career Education Corporation (NASDAQ:CECO). Receive News & Ratings for Career Education Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Career Education Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Curtiss-Wright Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Curtiss-Wright Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss ArcelorMittal (MT) Receives $5.79 Average PT from Analysts Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sabre Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SABR) Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Trading Down 12.4% on Disappointing Earnings Bombardier Inc (BDRBF) Receives $2.13 Average Target Price from Analysts Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM) Receives $21.88 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set California Water Service Group Holding (CWT) Price Target at $31.00 Jefferies Group Weighs in on WellCare Health Plans, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WCG) Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Short Interest Update Limelight Networks, Inc. (LLNW) Stock Price Up 8.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zacks: RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (RXII) Given $8.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank Of Canada Increases Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Price Target to C$61.00 Eaton Vance Tax Managed Buy Write Opport (ETV) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust (EFT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Q4 2016 EPS Estimates for Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Boosted by Analyst Sysorex Global (SYRX) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Magic Software Enterprises Ltd. (MGIC) Given $8.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts FY2016 Earnings Estimate for First Majestic Silver Corp. Issued By Desjardins (FR) Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,317,000 Position in Curtiss-Wright Corporation (CW) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Clinton Group Inc. cut its stake in shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW) by 8.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 14,451 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,391 shares during the period. Clinton Group Inc.’s holdings in Curtiss-Wright Corporation were worth $1,317,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in CW. Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management increased its stake in shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 796.7% in the second quarter. Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management now owns 302,815 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25,514,000 after buying an additional 269,046 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 6.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,546,744 shares of the company’s stock valued at $232,034,000 after buying an additional 144,769 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 20.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 824,188 shares of the company’s stock valued at $75,092,000 after buying an additional 138,217 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 4.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,013,252 shares of the company’s stock valued at $253,866,000 after buying an additional 125,895 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 14.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 880,216 shares of the company’s stock valued at $80,197,000 after buying an additional 113,688 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 76.30% of the company’s stock. Shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW) traded down 0.06% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $98.34. 150,456 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.68 and a beta of 1.30. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $98.16 and a 200-day moving average price of $93.31. Curtiss-Wright Corporation has a 52 week low of $62.57 and a 52 week high of $107.61. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 13th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be given a dividend of $0.13 per share. This represents a $0.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.53%. Curtiss-Wright Corporation’s dividend payout ratio is presently 12.56%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/clinton-group-inc-has-1317000-position-in-curtiss-wright-corporation-cw.html. Several brokerages have commented on CW. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. SunTrust Banks, Inc. began coverage on shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $105.00 target price for the company. Bank of America Corporation upped their target price on shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation from $100.00 to $105.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their target price on shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation from $95.00 to $104.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Finally, CL King downgraded shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, November 11th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $102.60. In other news, VP Glenn E. Tynan sold 5,732 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $97.12, for a total value of $556,691.84. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 73,657 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,153,567.84. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, VP Glenn E. Tynan sold 48,591 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $103.98, for a total transaction of $5,052,492.18. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 86,167 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,959,644.66. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 111,346 shares of company stock worth $11,545,087. 1.70% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Curtiss-Wright Corporation Company Profile Curtiss-Wright Corporation is a provider of engineered products and services to the commercial, defense, energy and industrial markets. The Company operates through three segments: Commercial/Industrial, which provides a diversified offering of engineered products and services supporting applications primarily across the commercial aerospace and general industrial markets; Defense, which consists of businesses that primarily provide products to the defense markets and to the commercial aerospace market, and Power, which consists of businesses that primarily provide products to the power generation markets and to the naval defense market. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW). Receive News & Ratings for Curtiss-Wright Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Curtiss-Wright Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TELUS Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TELUS Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages 6,939 Shares in TELUS Corporation (TU) Acquired by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC bought a new position in TELUS Corporation (NYSE:TU) (TSE:T) during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund bought 6,939 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $229,000. Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Citigroup Inc. raised its position in shares of TELUS Corporation by 63.8% in the second quarter. Citigroup Inc. now owns 493,213 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,803,000 after buying an additional 192,060 shares in the last quarter. 1832 Asset Management L.P. raised its position in shares of TELUS Corporation by 5.7% in the second quarter. 1832 Asset Management L.P. now owns 10,443,033 shares of the company’s stock valued at $527,710,000 after buying an additional 567,060 shares in the last quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia raised its position in shares of TELUS Corporation by 11.8% in the second quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia now owns 2,787,914 shares of the company’s stock valued at $89,766,000 after buying an additional 294,918 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of TELUS Corporation by 14.9% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,159,797 shares of the company’s stock valued at $133,946,000 after buying an additional 540,954 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of TELUS Corporation by 20.3% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 132,033 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,250,000 after buying an additional 22,279 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 54.40% of the company’s stock. Shares of TELUS Corporation (NYSE:TU) traded up 0.12% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $33.44. 720,904 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $19.76 billion, a PE ratio of 18.48 and a beta of 0.89. TELUS Corporation has a one year low of $27.46 and a one year high of $34.12. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $32.86 and its 200 day moving average price is $32.54. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “6,939 Shares in TELUS Corporation (TU) Acquired by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/6939-shares-in-telus-corporation-tu-acquired-by-nuveen-fund-advisors-llc.html. Several brokerages have commented on TU. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $47.00 price target on shares of TELUS Corporation in a research note on Monday. National Bank Financial upgraded shares of TELUS Corporation from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of TELUS Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. TheStreet lowered shares of TELUS Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, October 31st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of TELUS Corporation in a research note on Monday, November 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $41.00. About TELUS Corporation TELUS Corporation (TELUS) is a telecommunications company. The Company provides a range of telecommunications services and products, including wireless and wireline voice and data. Its data services include Internet protocol, television (TV), hosting, managed information technology and cloud-based services, and certain healthcare solutions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TU? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TELUS Corporation (NYSE:TU) (TSE:T). Receive News & Ratings for TELUS Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TELUS Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United Community Financial Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Community Financial Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Buys Shares of 2,362,750 United Community Financial Corp. (UCFC) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new position in United Community Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:UCFC) during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund bought 2,362,750 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,800,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company owned 5.08% of United Community Financial Corp. at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in UCFC. Zacks Investment Management acquired a new position in United Community Financial Corp. during the third quarter worth $241,000. ClariVest Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in United Community Financial Corp. during the third quarter worth $153,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in United Community Financial Corp. by 77.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 148,619 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,056,000 after buying an additional 64,719 shares during the period. Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. raised its position in United Community Financial Corp. by 8.2% in the third quarter. Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. now owns 808,528 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,749,000 after buying an additional 61,383 shares during the period. Finally, Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its position in United Community Financial Corp. by 0.4% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 149,080 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,060,000 after buying an additional 545 shares during the period. 60.19% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. United Community Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:UCFC) traded down 0.23% on Tuesday, reaching $8.71. 179,504 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. United Community Financial Corp. has a 12-month low of $5.47 and a 12-month high of $9.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $8.73 and a 200-day moving average of $7.71. The company has a market cap of $405.72 million, a P/E ratio of 21.83 and a beta of 0.81. United Community Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:UCFC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.12 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.11 by $0.01. United Community Financial Corp. had a net margin of 20.29% and a return on equity of 7.65%. Equities analysts expect that United Community Financial Corp. will post $0.53 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 22nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th will be given a dividend of $0.03 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 8th. This represents a $0.12 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.38%. United Community Financial Corp.’s payout ratio is currently 30.00%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/the-manufacturers-life-insurance-company-buys-shares-of-2362750-united-community-financial-corp-ucfc.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of United Community Financial Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. KLR Group lowered shares of United Community Financial Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $11.25. In related news, Director Ellen J. Tressel bought 4,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 9th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $7.65 per share, for a total transaction of $30,600.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 4,141 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $31,678.65. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Matthew T. Garrity sold 30,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.33, for a total transaction of $249,900.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 63,142 shares in the company, valued at $525,972.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.88% of the company’s stock. About United Community Financial Corp. United Community Financial Corp. is a unitary thrift holding company for The Home Savings and Loan Company of Youngstown, Ohio (the Bank). The Bank operates through banking services segment. The Bank conducts its business through over 30 retail banking offices and loan production centers located throughout Ohio and western Pennsylvania. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UCFC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for United Community Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:UCFC). Receive News & Ratings for United Community Financial Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United Community Financial Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Imax Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imax Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Imax Corporation (IMAX) Stake Raised by United Services Automobile Association February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet United Services Automobile Association raised its stake in Imax Corporation (NYSE:IMAX) by 37.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 132,819 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 36,100 shares during the period. United Services Automobile Association owned about 0.20% of Imax Corporation worth $3,848,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust raised its stake in shares of Imax Corporation by 2.5% in the second quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 8,757 shares of the company’s stock valued at $258,000 after buying an additional 214 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Imax Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $437,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Imax Corporation by 49.1% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 13,291 shares of the company’s stock valued at $392,000 after buying an additional 4,378 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Imax Corporation by 4.1% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 94,547 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,788,000 after buying an additional 3,724 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its stake in shares of Imax Corporation by 16.0% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 8,771 shares of the company’s stock valued at $259,000 after buying an additional 1,209 shares in the last quarter. 83.79% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Imax Corporation (NYSE:IMAX) traded up 1.74% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $32.15. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 468,325 shares. Imax Corporation has a 12-month low of $25.52 and a 12-month high of $35.30. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $31.96 and its 200 day moving average price is $31.20. The company has a market capitalization of $2.15 billion, a P/E ratio of 52.19 and a beta of 1.16. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Imax Corporation (IMAX) Stake Raised by United Services Automobile Association” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/imax-corporation-imax-stake-raised-by-united-services-automobile-association.html. IMAX has been the subject of several research reports. Wedbush reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $41.50 target price on shares of Imax Corporation in a research note on Monday, October 17th. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 target price on shares of Imax Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Imax Corporation in a research note on Friday, January 13th. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $42.50 price objective on shares of Imax Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Imax Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Imax Corporation presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $40.11. In other news, insider Mark Welton sold 3,015 shares of Imax Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.02, for a total value of $93,525.30. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 9,969 shares in the company, valued at approximately $309,238.38. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO of IMAX Entertainment & EVP of IMAX Greg Foster sold 75,000 shares of Imax Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.26, for a total value of $2,419,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 131,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,229,286. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 115,788 shares of company stock valued at $3,717,507. Company insiders own 5.80% of the company’s stock. About Imax Corporation Imax Corp is a Canada-based entertainment technology company. The Company operates through the following segments: the IMAX systems, the theater system maintenance, the joint revenue sharing arrangements, film production and IMAX DMR, film distribution, film post-production and other. The IMAX systems segment designs, manufactures, sells or leases IMAX theater projection system equipment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IMAX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Imax Corporation (NYSE:IMAX). Receive News & Ratings for Imax Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imax Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DDR Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DDR Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Hsbc Holdings PLC Cuts Stake in DDR Corp. (DDR) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hsbc Holdings PLC cut its position in DDR Corp. (NYSE:DDR) by 35.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 37,768 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 20,866 shares during the period. Hsbc Holdings PLC’s holdings in DDR Corp. were worth $659,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of DDR Corp. by 278.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 7,060,654 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $123,067,000 after buying an additional 5,195,883 shares during the last quarter. APG Asset Management US Inc. acquired a new stake in DDR Corp. during the third quarter worth $68,587,000. Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in DDR Corp. by 21.5% in the third quarter. Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 12,559,714 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $218,916,000 after buying an additional 2,221,054 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in DDR Corp. by 55.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 4,007,871 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $69,858,000 after buying an additional 1,427,879 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in DDR Corp. by 61.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,674,402 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $64,046,000 after buying an additional 1,391,731 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 89.69% of the company’s stock. DDR Corp. (NYSE:DDR) traded down 0.46% on Tuesday, hitting $15.04. The stock had a trading volume of 1,440,729 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $5.50 billion, a PE ratio of 58.52 and a beta of 0.83. DDR Corp. has a 12-month low of $14.67 and a 12-month high of $19.92. The company has a 50 day moving average of $15.10 and a 200 day moving average of $16.64. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/hsbc-holdings-plc-cuts-stake-in-ddr-corp-ddr.html. DDR has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Boenning Scattergood cut DDR Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $15.50 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, October 18th. Zacks Investment Research cut DDR Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. Mizuho raised DDR Corp. from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $15.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, November 7th. Morgan Stanley cut DDR Corp. from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Citigroup Inc. raised DDR Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $18.77. In other DDR Corp. news, Director Alexander Otto purchased 281,301 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 14th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $14.91 per share, with a total value of $4,194,197.91. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. In the last ninety days, insiders purchased 670,000 shares of company stock worth $9,993,069. 16.20% of the stock is owned by insiders. DDR Corp. Company Profile DDR Corp. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company operates through two segments: shopping centers and loan investments. The Company is in the business of acquiring, owning, developing, redeveloping, expanding, leasing and managing shopping centers. In addition, it engages in the origination and acquisition of loans and debt securities, which are generally collateralized directly or indirectly by shopping centers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DDR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for DDR Corp. (NYSE:DDR). Receive News & Ratings for DDR Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DDR Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MFA Financial Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MFA Financial Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Northern Trust Corp Increases Position in MFA Financial, Inc. (MFA) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in MFA Financial, Inc. (NYSE:MFA ) by 1.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 4,117,032 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 52,586 shares during the period. Northern Trust Corp owned about 1.11% of MFA Financial worth $30,796,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MFA . Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC bought a new position in shares of MFA Financial during the second quarter valued at $166,000. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of MFA Financial by 56.6% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 443,271 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,225,000 after buying an additional 160,144 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of MFA Financial by 13.2% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 505,153 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,672,000 after buying an additional 59,015 shares in the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of MFA Financial by 1.1% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 573,399 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,169,000 after buying an additional 6,457 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of MFA Financial by 3.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 26,206,949 shares of the company’s stock valued at $190,525,000 after buying an additional 840,708 shares in the last quarter. 83.66% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. MFA Financial, Inc. (NYSE:MFA ) traded down 0.12% on Tuesday, reaching $8.04. 1,793,809 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.98 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.10 and a beta of 0.60. MFA Financial, Inc. has a 12 month low of $6.17 and a 12 month high of $8.07. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $7.83 and a 200-day moving average of $7.61. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Investors of record on Wednesday, December 28th were paid a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 9.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, December 23rd. MFA Financial’s payout ratio is currently 101.27%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/northern-trust-corp-increases-position-in-mfa-financial-inc-mfa.html. Several research analysts have weighed in on the stock. RBC Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and set a $8.00 price objective on shares of MFA Financial in a report on Friday, January 6th. J P Morgan Chase & Co reissued a “buy” rating and set a $8.00 price objective on shares of MFA Financial in a report on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of MFA Financial from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $7.71. MFA Financial Company Profile MFA Financial, Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company operates as a holding company and conducts its real estate finance businesses through its subsidiaries. The Company’s segment is investing in residential mortgage assets. It invests in residential mortgage assets, including Agency mortgage backed securities (MBS), Non-Agency MBS, residential whole loans and CRT securities. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MFA ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MFA Financial, Inc. (NYSE:MFA ). Receive News & Ratings for MFA Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MFA Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vishay Precision Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vishay Precision Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Vivaldi Asset Management LLC Acquires Shares of 145,692 Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Vivaldi Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (NYSE:VPG) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund acquired 145,692 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,754,000. Vishay Precision Group accounts for approximately 0.8% of Vivaldi Asset Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 16th largest position. Vivaldi Asset Management LLC owned about 1.10% of Vishay Precision Group at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Vishay Precision Group during the fourth quarter worth $419,000. William Harris Investors Inc. purchased a new stake in Vishay Precision Group during the fourth quarter worth $926,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Vishay Precision Group by 88.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 51,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $830,000 after buying an additional 24,286 shares in the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System raised its stake in Vishay Precision Group by 0.8% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 93,700 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,502,000 after buying an additional 700 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Orinda Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in Vishay Precision Group during the second quarter worth $1,397,000. 82.14% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (NYSE:VPG) traded up 0.61% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $16.40. 11,283 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $216.35 million. Vishay Precision Group, Inc. has a 12 month low of $10.40 and a 12 month high of $19.44. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $17.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $16.48. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Vivaldi Asset Management LLC Acquires Shares of 145,692 Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/vivaldi-asset-management-llc-acquires-shares-of-145692-vishay-precision-group-inc-vpg.html. Separately, B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $21.50 price objective on shares of Vishay Precision Group in a report on Monday, November 14th. About Vishay Precision Group Vishay Precision Group, Inc (VPG) is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of sensors and sensor-based measurement systems, as well as specialty resistors and strain gages. The Company operates through three business segments: Foil Technology Products, Force Sensors, and Weighing and Control Systems. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VPG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (NYSE:VPG). Receive News & Ratings for Vishay Precision Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vishay Precision Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Suffolk Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Suffolk Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Vivaldi Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Suffolk Bancorp (SCNB) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Vivaldi Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in Suffolk Bancorp (NYSE:SCNB) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund purchased 283,010 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,118,000. Suffolk Bancorp makes up about 3.5% of Vivaldi Asset Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. Vivaldi Asset Management LLC owned 2.38% of Suffolk Bancorp at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in Suffolk Bancorp during the fourth quarter valued at about $167,000. OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp boosted its stake in Suffolk Bancorp by 64.8% in the third quarter. OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp now owns 37,400 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,300,000 after buying an additional 14,700 shares during the period. Context BH Capital Management LP bought a new stake in Suffolk Bancorp during the third quarter valued at about $2,123,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Suffolk Bancorp by 2.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 166,844 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,801,000 after buying an additional 3,500 shares during the period. Finally, Alps Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in Suffolk Bancorp during the third quarter valued at about $412,000. 58.87% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Suffolk Bancorp (NYSE:SCNB) traded down 0.63% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $41.31. 327,187 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $492.04 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.02 and a beta of 0.89. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $42.33 and its 200-day moving average is $37.80. Suffolk Bancorp has a 1-year low of $22.88 and a 1-year high of $44.70. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 22nd. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 8th will be given a dividend of $0.10 per share. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.97%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 6th. Suffolk Bancorp’s payout ratio is currently 24.10%. WARNING: “Vivaldi Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Suffolk Bancorp (SCNB)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/vivaldi-asset-management-llc-takes-position-in-suffolk-bancorp-scnb.html. In related news, EVP Jeanne P. Kelley sold 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.78, for a total transaction of $122,340.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 12,708 shares in the company, valued at $518,232.24. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 4.61% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Suffolk Bancorp Suffolk Bancorp is the bank holding company for Suffolk County National Bank of Riverhead (the Bank). The Bank is a community bank, which offers commercial and retail banking services to its customers. The Bank operates over 30 branches in Nassau, Suffolk and Queens Counties, New York and loan production offices in Garden City, Melville and Long Island City. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SCNB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Suffolk Bancorp (NYSE:SCNB). Receive News & Ratings for Suffolk Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Suffolk Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Bridge Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bridge Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Stieven Capital Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Stieven Capital Advisors L.P. purchased a new position in Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BDGE) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 49,900 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $1,891,000. Several other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of BDGE. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Bridge Bancorp by 1.3% in the second quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 22,377 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $636,000 after buying an additional 278 shares in the last quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Bridge Bancorp during the third quarter valued at $567,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Bridge Bancorp by 16.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 249,661 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $7,137,000 after buying an additional 35,828 shares in the last quarter. Swiss National Bank increased its stake in shares of Bridge Bancorp by 7.5% in the second quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 25,900 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $736,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares in the last quarter. Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Bridge Bancorp by 34.1% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 17,700 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $506,000 after buying an additional 4,500 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 46.29% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BDGE) traded down 0.42% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $35.50. 64,442 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a market cap of $650.32 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.75 and a beta of 0.88. Bridge Bancorp, Inc. has a 12-month low of $26.90 and a 12-month high of $38.95. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $36.98 and a 200-day moving average of $31.84. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Investors of record on Monday, January 23rd were given a dividend of $0.23 per share. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.58%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, January 19th. Bridge Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 46.23%. WARNING: This news story was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/stieven-capital-advisors-l-p-takes-position-in-bridge-bancorp-inc-bdge.html. Several analysts have recently weighed in on BDGE shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Bridge Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Hovde Group started coverage on shares of Bridge Bancorp in a research report on Friday, January 6th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $40.00 price objective for the company. In other Bridge Bancorp news, major shareholder Basswood Partners, L.L.C. bought 585,465 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 22nd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $31.00 per share, with a total value of $18,149,415.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. 6.00% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Bridge Bancorp Company Profile Bridge Bancorp, Inc is a bank holding company for The Bridgehampton National Bank (the Bank). The Bank engages in commercial and consumer banking business, including accepting time, savings and demand deposits from the consumers, businesses and local municipalities surrounding its branch offices. These deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, are invested primarily in commercial real estate loans; multi-family mortgage loans; home equity loans; construction loans; residential mortgage loans; secured and unsecured commercial and consumer loans; Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities; New York State and local municipal obligations, and the United States government sponsored entity (U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BDGE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BDGE). Receive News & Ratings for Bridge Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bridge Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Ecofin Ltd. Takes Position in DTE Energy Company (DTE) Next » CLSA Weighs in on Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.’s FY2019 Earnings (CMG) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Curtiss-Wright Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Curtiss-Wright Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Genworth MI Canada Inc (MIC) Price Target Increased to C$40.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (RNR) SVP Rider Fonner Todd Sells 4,049 Shares of Stock Horace Mann Educators Corporation (HMN) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Airgain, Inc. (AIRG) CFO Leonard Johnson Sells 10,000 Shares Varonis Systems, Inc. (VRNS) CFO Gili Iohan Sells 5,000 Shares Esure Group PLC’s (ESUR) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Bio Blast Pharma Ltd. (ORPN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Essex Property Trust, Inc. (ESS) Insider John D. Eudy Sells 3,400 Shares of Stock MEG Energy Corp (MEG) Given a C$9.00 Price Target at Scotiabank Yelp Inc. (YELP) Director Geoffrey L. Donaker Sells 6,000 Shares of Stock AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Downgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Kohl’s Corporation (KSS) Downgraded to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. First Midwest Bancorp, Inc. (FMBI) EVP Robert P. Diedrich Sells 7,673 Shares Plantronics, Inc. (PLT) Insider S Kenneth Kannappan Sells 6,415 Shares of Stock CorVel Corp. (CRVL) Chairman V Gordon Clemons Sells 7,000 Shares of Stock Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC Has $21,453,000 Stake in Insight Enterprises, Inc. (NSIT) Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Shares Bought by Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €70.00 Price Target at Macquarie Scotiabank Analysts Give Alamos Gold Inc Cls A (AGI) a C$10.00 Price Target Toromont Industries Ltd (TIH) Price Target Increased to C$42.00 by Analysts at TD Securities ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc. Has $11,339,000 Stake in Curtiss-Wright Corporation (CW) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc. lowered its position in shares of Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW) by 14.0% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 115,277 shares of the company’s stock after selling 18,813 shares during the period. ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc.’s holdings in Curtiss-Wright Corporation were worth $11,339,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 4.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,013,252 shares of the company’s stock worth $253,866,000 after buying an additional 125,895 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 6.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,546,744 shares of the company’s stock worth $232,034,000 after buying an additional 144,769 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 14.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 880,216 shares of the company’s stock worth $80,197,000 after buying an additional 113,688 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 20.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 824,188 shares of the company’s stock worth $75,092,000 after buying an additional 138,217 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in Curtiss-Wright Corporation by 9.4% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 379,001 shares of the company’s stock worth $34,531,000 after buying an additional 32,656 shares during the last quarter. 76.30% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW) traded up 0.11% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $98.51. The company had a trading volume of 79,396 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $98.26 and a 200 day moving average of $93.19. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.36 billion, a PE ratio of 23.73 and a beta of 1.30. Curtiss-Wright Corporation has a 1-year low of $62.57 and a 1-year high of $107.61. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc. Has $11,339,000 Stake in Curtiss-Wright Corporation (CW)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/zwj-investment-counsel-inc-has-11339000-stake-in-curtiss-wright-corporation-cw.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on CW shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Curtiss-Wright Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 25th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on Curtiss-Wright Corporation from $95.00 to $104.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Bank of America Corporation increased their target price on Curtiss-Wright Corporation from $100.00 to $105.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 29th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. started coverage on Curtiss-Wright Corporation in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $105.00 target price for the company. Finally, CL King lowered Curtiss-Wright Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $102.60. In other Curtiss-Wright Corporation news, CEO David Charles Adams sold 5,694 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $97.12, for a total transaction of $553,001.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 72,167 shares in the company, valued at $7,008,859.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, VP Glenn E. Tynan sold 5,732 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $97.12, for a total value of $556,691.84. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 73,657 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,153,567.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 111,346 shares of company stock valued at $11,545,087 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 1.70% of the company’s stock. Curtiss-Wright Corporation Company Profile Curtiss-Wright Corporation is a provider of engineered products and services to the commercial, defense, energy and industrial markets. The Company operates through three segments: Commercial/Industrial, which provides a diversified offering of engineered products and services supporting applications primarily across the commercial aerospace and general industrial markets; Defense, which consists of businesses that primarily provide products to the defense markets and to the commercial aerospace market, and Power, which consists of businesses that primarily provide products to the power generation markets and to the naval defense market. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW). Receive News & Ratings for Curtiss-Wright Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Curtiss-Wright Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vornado Realty Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vornado Realty Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Stake Held by Bp Plc February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bp Plc continued to hold its position in shares of Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 19,000 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Bp Plc’s holdings in Vornado Realty Trust were worth $1,983,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Vornado Realty Trust during the fourth quarter worth about $144,917,000. Standard Life Investments LTD increased its position in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 843.0% in the third quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD now owns 1,342,028 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $135,813,000 after buying an additional 1,199,719 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 43.0% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3,553,344 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $355,762,000 after buying an additional 1,068,681 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 23.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,508,628 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $456,317,000 after buying an additional 865,285 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Vornado Realty Trust by 309.5% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 1,016,116 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $102,842,000 after buying an additional 767,957 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.24% of the company’s stock. Shares of Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO) traded up 0.64% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $105.23. The company had a trading volume of 332,545 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $105.20 and a 200-day moving average of $100.89. Vornado Realty Trust has a one year low of $78.91 and a one year high of $108.69. The stock has a market capitalization of $19.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 49.61 and a beta of 0.88. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, January 30th will be paid a $0.71 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, January 26th. This represents a $2.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.72%. This is a boost from Vornado Realty Trust’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.63. Vornado Realty Trust’s payout ratio is currently 133.96%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Stake Held by Bp Plc” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/vornado-realty-trust-vno-stake-held-by-bp-plc.html. Several research firms have recently weighed in on VNO. J P Morgan Chase & Co increased their price target on Vornado Realty Trust from $110.00 to $115.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Bank of America Corporation upgraded Vornado Realty Trust from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $108.00 to $114.00 in a research note on Friday, November 11th. Finally, Barclays PLC cut their price target on Vornado Realty Trust from $103.00 to $101.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $107.61. In related news, EVP Joseph Macnow sold 40,000 shares of Vornado Realty Trust stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $102.98, for a total value of $4,119,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 30,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,089,400. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Mitchell N. Schear sold 15,000 shares of Vornado Realty Trust stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $102.64, for a total value of $1,539,600.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 9.72% of the stock is owned by insiders. Vornado Realty Trust Company Profile Vornado Realty Trust is a fully integrated real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company conducts its business through, and its interests in properties are held by, Vornado Realty L.P. (the Operating Partnership). It is the sole general partner of, and owns common limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VNO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vornado Realty Trust (NYSE:VNO). Receive News & Ratings for Vornado Realty Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vornado Realty Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Amphenol Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amphenol Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC Increases Stake in Amphenol Corporation (APH) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC increased its stake in Amphenol Corporation (NYSE:APH) by 0.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 794,678 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 4,979 shares during the period. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC’s holdings in Amphenol Corporation were worth $53,402,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Capital World Investors raised its stake in Amphenol Corporation by 15.0% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 24,821,636 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,611,421,000 after buying an additional 3,240,341 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in Amphenol Corporation by 1.4% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 18,560,744 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,064,087,000 after buying an additional 251,010 shares in the last quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. raised its stake in Amphenol Corporation by 4.7% in the second quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 9,513,942 shares of the company’s stock valued at $545,435,000 after buying an additional 431,308 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Amphenol Corporation by 3.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,445,094 shares of the company’s stock valued at $613,364,000 after buying an additional 283,421 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Amphenol Corporation by 2.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,329,412 shares of the company’s stock valued at $345,985,000 after buying an additional 147,924 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 96.95% of the company’s stock. Amphenol Corporation (NYSE:APH) traded up 0.36% on Tuesday, reaching $67.31. The company had a trading volume of 656,459 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $20.77 billion, a PE ratio of 25.79 and a beta of 0.86. The company’s 50-day moving average is $67.73 and its 200-day moving average is $64.82. Amphenol Corporation has a 52-week low of $48.18 and a 52-week high of $69.25. Amphenol Corporation (NYSE:APH) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $0.75 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.72 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $1.65 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.61 billion. Amphenol Corporation had a return on equity of 23.73% and a net margin of 13.09%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.63 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Amphenol Corporation will post $2.91 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 11th. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 20th will be issued a $0.16 dividend. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 16th. Amphenol Corporation’s payout ratio is currently 24.52%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC Increases Stake in Amphenol Corporation (APH)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/frontier-capital-management-co-llc-increases-stake-in-amphenol-corporation-aph.html. APH has been the topic of several recent research reports. RBC Capital Markets restated a “top pick” rating and issued a $69.00 price objective (up previously from $68.00) on shares of Amphenol Corporation in a research report on Saturday, October 22nd. Zacks Investment Research lowered Amphenol Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Royal Bank Of Canada upped their price objective on Amphenol Corporation from $69.00 to $71.00 and gave the stock a “top pick” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 target price on shares of Amphenol Corporation in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $72.33. Amphenol Corporation Company Profile Amphenol Corporation (Amphenol) is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors, interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products, and coaxial and specialty cable. The Company operates through two segments: Interconnect Products and Assemblies, and Cable Products and Solutions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Amphenol Corporation (NYSE:APH). Receive News & Ratings for Amphenol Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amphenol Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Wesbanco Bank Inc. Has $515,000 Stake in Shire PLC (SHPG) Next » Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings, Inc. (SPWH) Trading Down 2.3% Following Analyst Downgrade Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Newell Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Newell Brands Inc. (NYSE:NWL) gapped down before the market opened on Tuesday after KeyCorp lowered their price target on the stock to $57.00. The stock had previously closed at $43.51, but opened at $44.23. Newell Brands shares last traded at $45.48, with a volume of 5,060,888 shares. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $67.00 price objective on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Monday, October 31st. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $66.00 price objective on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Tuesday, October 18th. Forward View reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $52.00 price objective on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. RBC Capital Markets set a $60.00 price objective on shares of Newell Brands and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Newell Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Newell Brands presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $57.13. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Capital International Investors boosted its stake in Newell Brands by 1.7% in the second quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 18,225,502 shares of the company’s stock valued at $885,213,000 after buying an additional 307,407 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Newell Brands by 32.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,288,502 shares of the company’s stock valued at $700,222,000 after buying an additional 3,225,216 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in Newell Brands by 6.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 12,258,738 shares of the company’s stock valued at $645,545,000 after buying an additional 786,183 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Newell Brands by 9.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 7,842,320 shares of the company’s stock valued at $412,977,000 after buying an additional 689,916 shares during the period. Finally, Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in shares of Newell Brands by 5.5% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 5,577,774 shares of the company’s stock valued at $293,726,000 after buying an additional 292,119 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 93.27% of the company’s stock. The company’s 50 day moving average is $46.41 and its 200 day moving average is $49.67. The company has a market capitalization of $21.94 billion, a PE ratio of 44.33 and a beta of 0.94. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.80. The firm had revenue of $4.14 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.27 billion. Newell Brands had a net margin of 3.51% and a return on equity of 14.92%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 165.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.56 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Newell Brands Inc. will post $2.87 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Newell Brands Inc. (NWL) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/newell-brands-inc-nwl-shares-gap-down-after-analyst-downgrade.html. About Newell Brands Newell Brands Inc, formerly Newell Rubbermaid Inc, is a global consumer goods company. The Company’s brands consists of Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, EXPO, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Irwin, Lenox, Oster, Sunbeam, FoodSaver, Mr. Coffee, Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Graco, Baby Jogger, NUK, Calphalon, Rubbermaid, Contigo, First Alert, Waddington and Yankee Candle. Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Trump said people 'can't borrow money' because of Dodd-Frank — here's why he's wrong Bob Bryan Feb. 7, 2017, 10:59 PM 6,733 facebook linkedin twitter email print US President Donald Trump shakes hands with JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon Kevin Lamarque/Reuters President Donald Trump on Friday signed an executive order directing the US Treasury department to revise and update the Dodd-Frank regulation that oversees the county's financial institutions. Trump said in a meeting with business leaders earlier on Friday that there are "so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses, and they can't borrow money." Essentially, Trump is arguing that Dodd-Frank has dampened growth by restricting bank's ability to give out loans to businesses and consumers. Looking at the actual lending data, however, it is clear that debt accumulation and lending for businesses has been strong since the end of the financial crisis. According to the Federal Reserve's weekly H.8 report on bank lending, commercial and industrial loans given out by banks — the main avenue for business-related loans — have grown from the prior year every month since April 2011. Additionally, the total amount of C&I loans on bank balance sheets crossed its pre-recession record in February of 2014. Andy Kiersz/Business Insider; Data from FRED Small businesses have also seen a steady, albeit slower, rate of loan growth. The US Small Business Administration found in its most recent update on small business lending that lending from traditional banking institutions to small businesses has steadily increased since 2013. "The growth rates for both small loans and other business lending (large domestic business loans exceeding $ 1 million and loans to non-U.S. addresses) have been uneven since 2010," said the most recent report from the SBA. "Other business loans recovered much earlier than small business loans and continued to stay positive. The recovery for small business lending has been relatively slow but steady, and moved into positive territory in the last quarter of 2013." Additionally, the Fed's Senior Loan Officer Survey has indicated that loan standards, while tightening in recent months, have been exceptionally loose overall for the last five years. Lotfi Karoui, credit strategist at Goldman Sachs, looked at these standards to compare them with previous cycles in a note to clients on Tuesday, and found that for the most part lending standards and loan growth are in their normal ranges. "Many investors worry that easy monetary policy has fueled looser lending standards in this cycle vs. previous ones," said Karoui. "To what extent has this been the case, what areas of the credit complex have seen lending standards ease the most post-crisis, and how much of a threat do these areas pose to the broader economy?" In fact, Karoui's note pushes back on the biggest fear of bearish strategists: There has been too much lending and debt build up at businesses rather than too little. "First, current lending standards for corporations and households do not appear to be unusually aggressive, at least in aggregate," said the note. To be fair, certain classes of loans still have tighter standards, particularly residential mortgage lending. This, however, may be due to a combination of factors — regulation being one element — and is unsurprising given the contribution of mortgage lending to the prior crisis. Additionally, on the other end, looser lending standards for things like cars, student loans, and commercial real estate have allowed for a credit boom in non-mortgage loans, according to Goldman. "For consumer credit, including credit card debt, auto loans, student loans and personal loans, there has been a 29% increase since the second quarter of 2009, a faster pace relative to the 2000s (14%) but slower than the 1990s and the 1980s experience," wrote Karoui. Karoui also noted that the growth in corporate debt has been faster than during the pre-recession business cycle and on par with the debt build up of the 1990s. Thus, loans for consumers and businesses have been growing at a typical pace. This isn't to say that there haven't been higher regulatory burdens for banks and lenders — Dodd-Frank does force banks to retain higher levels of capital — but to repeal the law on the pretense that it has unduly restricted lending does not take a full measure of the facts. SEE ALSO: TRUMP TO BUSINESS TITANS: There are 'exciting times ahead' NOW WATCH: Here's how to use one of the many apps to buy and trade bitcoin Loading video... More: Goldman Sachs Dodd Frank Act Donald Trump Senior Loan Officer Opinion Survey facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Trump said people 'can't borrow money' because of Dodd-Frank — here's why he's wrong Trump said people 'can't borrow money' because of Dodd-Frank — here's why he's wrong President Donald Trump on Friday signed an... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Health Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Stake Decreased by Artemis Investment Management LLP February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Artemis Investment Management LLP cut its position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS) by 79.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 16,784 shares of the company’s stock after selling 63,155 shares during the period. Artemis Investment Management LLP’s holdings in Universal Health Services were worth $1,786,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in Universal Health Services by 3.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,383,527 shares of the company’s stock worth $293,698,000 after buying an additional 78,452 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Universal Health Services by 17.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,766,229 shares of the company’s stock worth $217,635,000 after buying an additional 259,562 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Universal Health Services by 2.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,655,484 shares of the company’s stock worth $203,989,000 after buying an additional 39,414 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in Universal Health Services by 0.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,348,724 shares of the company’s stock worth $166,190,000 after buying an additional 8,554 shares during the period. Finally, Jana Partners LLC bought a new position in Universal Health Services during the third quarter worth approximately $156,939,000. 85.64% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS) traded down 0.02% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $112.88. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 693,621 shares. The firm has a market cap of $10.94 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.90 and a beta of 1.10. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $110.41 and its 200 day moving average is $119.82. Universal Health Services, Inc. has a one year low of $99.72 and a one year high of $139.77. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st will be paid a dividend of $0.10 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 27th. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.35%. Universal Health Services’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 5.63%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Stake Decreased by Artemis Investment Management LLP” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/universal-health-services-inc-uhs-stake-decreased-by-artemis-investment-management-llp.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on UHS shares. Avondale Partners downgraded Universal Health Services from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Mizuho downgraded shares of Universal Health Services from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $133.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Universal Health Services in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Universal Health Services from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, Wolfe Research initiated coverage on shares of Universal Health Services in a research report on Tuesday, October 25th. They set a “market perform” rating for the company. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Universal Health Services currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $136.85. Universal Health Services Company Profile Universal Health Services, Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in owning and operating acute care hospitals, behavioral health centers, surgical hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and radiation oncology centers. Its segment is acute care hospital services and behavioral healthcare services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UHS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS). Receive News & Ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us State Elections 2017 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Videos Autos Trump said people 'can't borrow money' because of Dodd-Frank — here's why he's wrong Bob Bryan Business Insider8 February 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share View photos Trump Jamie DimonMore (US President Donald Trump shakes hands with JPMorgan Chase President Donald Trump on Friday signed an executive order directing the US Treasury department to revise and update the Dodd-Frank regulation that oversees the county's financial institutions. Trump said in a meeting with business leaders earlier on Friday that there are "so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses, and they can't borrow money." Essentially, Trump is arguing that Dodd-Frank has dampened growth by restricting bank's ability to give out loans to businesses and consumers. Looking at the actual lending data, however, it is clear that debt accumulation and lending for businesses has been strong since the end of the financial crisis. According to the Federal Reserve's weekly H.8 report on bank lending, commercial and industrial loans given out by banks — the main avenue for business-related loans — have grown from the prior year every month since April 2011. Additionally, the total amount of C&I loans on bank balance sheets crossed its pre-recession record in February of 2014. commercial and industrial loansMore (Andy Kiersz/Business Insider; Data from FRED) Small businesses have also seen a steady, albeit slower, rate of loan growth. The US Small Business Administration found in its most recent update on small business lending that lending from traditional banking institutions to small businesses has steadily increased since 2013. "The growth rates for both small loans and other business lending (large domestic business loans exceeding $ 1 million and loans to non-U.S. addresses) have been uneven since 2010," said the most recent report from the SBA. "Other business loans recovered much earlier than small business loans and continued to stay positive. The recovery for small business lending has been relatively slow but steady, and moved into positive territory in the last quarter of 2013." Additionally, the Fed's Senior Loan Officer Survey has indicated that loan standards, while tightening in recent months, have been exceptionally loose overall for the last five years. Lotfi Karoui, credit strategist at Goldman Sachs, looked at these standards to compare them with previous cycles in a note to clients on Tuesday, and found that for the most part lending standards and loan growth are in their normal ranges. "Many investors worry that easy monetary policy has fueled looser lending standards in this cycle vs. previous ones," said Karoui. "To what extent has this been the case, what areas of the credit complex have seen lending standards ease the most post-crisis, and how much of a threat do these areas pose to the broader economy?" In fact, Karoui's note pushes back on the biggest fear of bearish strategists: There has been too much lending and debt build up at businesses rather than too little. "First, current lending standards for corporations and households do not appear to be unusually aggressive, at least in aggregate," said the note. To be fair, certain classes of loans still have tighter standards, particularly residential mortgage lending. This, however, may be due to a combination of factors — regulation being one element — and is unsurprising given the contribution of mortgage lending to the prior crisis. Additionally, on the other end, looser lending standards for things like cars, student loans, and commercial real estate have allowed for a credit boom in non-mortgage loans, according to Goldman. "For consumer credit, including credit card debt, auto loans, student loans and personal loans, there has been a 29% increase since the second quarter of 2009, a faster pace relative to the 2000s (14%) but slower than the 1990s and the 1980s experience," wrote Karoui. Karoui also noted that the growth in corporate debt has been faster than during the pre-recession business cycle and on par with the debt build up of the 1990s. Thus, loans for consumers and businesses have been growing at a typical pace. This isn't to say that there haven't been higher regulatory burdens for banks and lenders — Dodd-Frank does force banks to retain higher levels of capital — but to repeal the law on the pretense that it has unduly restricted lending does not take a full measure of the facts. NOW WATCH: Here's how to use one of the many apps to buy and trade bitcoin More From Business Insider Trump is expected to sign executive orders that would repeal 2 huge Wall Street regulations Trump's nominee for the top US healthcare job made a 4th shady investment in a health company TRUMP: 'Maybe we do a new NAFTA' with 'an extra F' Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next CLICKED: Sussanne Khan Exits A Party Holding Hrithik Roshan’s Hand! Spotboye Murder Took His Mother Investigation DiscoverySponsored First-ever solar power plant commissioned in Jorhat Ani Alia Bhatt’s Former Classmate Makes Some SHOCKING Confessions! Business of Cinema Jaipur teacher arrested for making explicit videos, extorting money from his students Ani A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored Can You Find The 6-Foot Snake Hiding In This Photo? Esquire After 25 Years! Shah Rukh Khan And Aamir Khan’s This Selfie Photo Is Breaking The Internet! Business of Cinema Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: 7 most important developments since last night you should know India Today 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Railway traffic halted as crack found on track Ani Change this security setting on WhatsApp right now Mashable Tech Yahoo Movies Review: Jolly LLB 2 Movies with Rummana Discover wants to match your first-year cash back Discover CardSponsored The astrology of attraction by Astroyogi Astroyogi 'Naam Shabana' is prequel to 'Baby', says Manoj Bajpayee Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us State Elections 2017 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Videos Autos What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider 7 February 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Trump Jamie DimonMore (US President Donald Trump shakes hands with JPMorgan Chase Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. President Donald Trump has set off yet another international spat — this time in the normally moribund arena of financial regulation. The ECB president, Mario Draghi, took issue with the Trump administration's declared intention of repealing post-financial-crisis regulations on large US banks, whose destabilization can and have caused global problems. In related news, here's how Trump could escalate a trade war with China, according to Goldman Sachs. And Trump could name China a "currency manipulator" in the coming weeks, according to Deutsche Bank.  Trump is promising a big shake-up at the FDA — here's what that could mean. Biotech execs have spoken out out against Trump's immigration ban. And Tesla and SpaceX have joined 97 other companies in opposing the ban. In other news, something that "usually only happens in recessions" is popping up in the US economy. Wall Street dealmakers used to be sent to Hong Kong or London to win new business. Now they're being sent to places like Seattle, Denver, and Atlanta. French bank BNP Paribas is spending €3 billion to "build the bank of tomorrow" And these are the top trends that will define the banking industry in 2017, according to Greenwich Associates.  Renaissance Technologies, a secretive hedge fund firm that has legendary status on Wall Street, is attracting new money. And top quant fund PDT Partners discovered four ways millennials differ from older employees. Lastly, here are the 25 best Caribbean islands, ranked. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hour $100 BILLION FUND: There's more to investing in the US than betting on Trump — US stocks on the whole have been rallying since President Trump got elected. Meet the power players who help Evan Spiegel run $25 billion Snap Inc. — CEO Evan Spiegel may be the public face of Snap Inc., but it's taken more than his hard work to turn what started as a disappearing photo app into a potentially $25 billion social network and camera company. One gym is taking the workout world by storm — Planet Fitness, the low-cost fitness center known for its motivational mottos, is taking the nation by storm. Michael Kors is tumbling after whiffing on sales and guidance — Michael Kors released fiscal third-quarter earnings just above expectations, but a miss on sales and guidance has sent the stock lower. GM beats on 4th-quarter earnings and books record 2016 global sales — The automaker said fourth-quarter net income fell to $1.19 a share, factoring out one-time items, in part because of $500 million in foreign-exchange losses, and the company forecast that 2017 profits would be flat to slightly up from 2016. Korea is 20 years away from a "demographic time bomb," IMF says — Economists have coined an unsettling term to describe a phenomenon in countries with low fertility rates and poor economic growth: demographic time bomb. The incredible life and career of Warren Buffett, the billionaire every investor looks to for inspiration — Warren Buffett isn't your typical billionaire. The Porsche 911 Carrera is everything a sports car should be — We don't lack for sports cars in this world. More From Business Insider What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next CLICKED: Sussanne Khan Exits A Party Holding Hrithik Roshan’s Hand! Spotboye A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored First-ever solar power plant commissioned in Jorhat Ani Alia Bhatt’s Former Classmate Makes Some SHOCKING Confessions! Business of Cinema Jaipur teacher arrested for making explicit videos, extorting money from his students Ani 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Can You Find The 6-Foot Snake Hiding In This Photo? Esquire After 25 Years! Shah Rukh Khan And Aamir Khan’s This Selfie Photo Is Breaking The Internet! Business of Cinema Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: 7 most important developments since last night you should know India Today Customers have spoken: Discover it® rated tops Discover CardSponsored Railway traffic halted as crack found on track Ani Change this security setting on WhatsApp right now Mashable Tech Yahoo Movies Review: Jolly LLB 2 Movies with Rummana What Women Need To Know About Healthy Hair Support SugarBearHair VitaminsSponsored The astrology of attraction by Astroyogi Astroyogi 'Naam Shabana' is prequel to 'Baby', says Manoj Bajpayee Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider Feb. 7, 2017, 12:45 PM 814 facebook linkedin twitter email print US President Donald Trump shakes hands with JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon Kevin Lamarque/Reuters Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. President Donald Trump has set off yet another international spat — this time in the normally moribund arena of financial regulation. The ECB president, Mario Draghi, took issue with the Trump administration's declared intention of repealing post-financial-crisis regulations on large US banks, whose destabilization can and have caused global problems. In related news, here's how Trump could escalate a trade war with China, according to Goldman Sachs. And Trump could name China a "currency manipulator" in the coming weeks, according to Deutsche Bank.  Trump is promising a big shake-up at the FDA — here's what that could mean. Biotech execs have spoken out out against Trump's immigration ban. And Tesla and SpaceX have joined 97 other companies in opposing the ban. In other news, something that "usually only happens in recessions" is popping up in the US economy. Wall Street dealmakers used to be sent to Hong Kong or London to win new business. Now they're being sent to places like Seattle, Denver, and Atlanta . French bank BNP Paribas is spending €3 billion to "build the bank of tomorrow" And these are the top trends that will define the banking industry in 2017, according to Greenwich Associates.  Renaissance Technologies, a secretive hedge fund firm that has legendary status on Wall Street, is attracting new money. And top quant fund PDT Partners discovered four ways millennials differ from older employees. Lastly, here are the 25 best Caribbean islands, ranked. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hour $100 BILLION FUND: There's more to investing in the US than betting on Trump — US stocks on the whole have been rallying since President Trump got elected. Meet the power players who help Evan Spiegel run $25 billion Snap Inc. — CEO Evan Spiegel may be the public face of Snap Inc., but it's taken more than his hard work to turn what started as a disappearing photo app into a potentially $25 billion social network and camera company. One gym is taking the workout world by storm — Planet Fitness, the low-cost fitness center known for its motivational mottos, is taking the nation by storm. Michael Kors is tumbling after whiffing on sales and guidance — Michael Kors released fiscal third-quarter earnings just above expectations, but a miss on sales and guidance has sent the stock lower. GM beats on 4th-quarter earnings and books record 2016 global sales — The automaker said fourth-quarter net income fell to $1.19 a share, factoring out one-time items, in part because of $500 million in foreign-exchange losses, and the company forecast that 2017 profits would be flat to slightly up from 2016. Korea is 20 years away from a "demographic time bomb," IMF says — Economists have coined an unsettling term to describe a phenomenon in countries with low fertility rates and poor economic growth: demographic time bomb. The incredible life and career of Warren Buffett, the billionaire every investor looks to for inspiration — Warren Buffett isn't your typical billionaire. The Porsche 911 Carrera is everything a sports car should be — We don't lack for sports cars in this world. SEE ALSO: The 27 most important finance books ever written Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's why US banks are sharing data with fintechs BI Intelligence Feb. 7, 2017, 12:44 PM 1,190 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also THE US FINTECH REGULATION REPORT: How the US regulatory environment is holding back the fintech industry UK's Open Banking hits a snag Fintech could be bigger than ATMs, PayPal, and Bitcoin combined This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Fintech Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. The open banking movement is gathering momentum on Wall Street. Last month, JPMorgan Chase reached a data sharing agreement with Intuit, a tech company that uses data aggregation to power its services, which include Quickbooks, an accounting solution for small- and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), and Mint.com, a personal finance management app. Now, Wells Fargo has followed suit by striking a similar deal with Intuit, Finextra reported on Friday. Wells Fargo customers will be able to share their account data with Intuit's services through the bank's open application programming interface (API) — without entering online banking details — from the second half of 2017. There are several reasons why major banks are opening up access to customer data: Customer reassurance. JPMorgan and Wells Fargo were among several major banks to have temporarily blocked third parties' access to their data in 2015, prompting a CFPB inquiry into data sharing and protests from customers and fintechs. Moreover, Wells Fargo has recently been embroiled in an account-faking scandal. The decision to make it easier for clients to access and share their data with third parties suggests that these banks are trying to rebuild trust and loyalty. Leveraging fintechs' technology. Big banks are waking up to the fact that they can leverage third parties' existing products for their own customer bases through partnerships and agreements, thereby expanding their suite of consumer-facing products at lower cost than innovating in-house. This also allows incumbents to dedicate their research and development budgets to their back-end operations, which are more likely to require bespoke work and internal development. Cross-selling opportunities. Intuit's solutions include accounting and personal finance management tools, both of which are highly complementary to banks' credit products. For example, an individual using Mint.com might realize, based on the app's analysis of their spending patterns, that they are in need of a loan. The bank can then step in and offer the individual its suite of credit offerings, which the third party cannot provide, thereby providing a cross-selling opportunity for the incumbent. It seems likely that other major banks will begin to open up their data to third parties. As more banks proactively open up to the third-party fintechs, players that delay in following suit risk being at a competitive disadvantage and displeasing their customers. The growing impetus of the data sharing movement suggests that, even without data sharing requirements written into law, banks will have to start making their customer data accessible if they are to stay ahead of the curve. As legacy banks continue to work with fintechs, it's becoming increasingly clear that we’ve entered the most profound era of change for financial services companies since the 1970s brought us index mutual funds, discount brokers and ATMs. No firm is immune from the coming disruption and every company must have a strategy to harness the powerful advantages of the new fintech revolution. The battle already underway will create surprising winners and stunned losers among some of the most powerful names in the financial world: The most contentious conflicts (and partnerships) will be between startups that are completely reengineering decades-old practices, traditional power players who are furiously trying to adapt with their own innovations, and total disruption of established technology & processes: Traditional Retail Banks vs. Online-Only Banks: Traditional retail banks provide a valuable service, but online-only banks can offer many of the same services with higher rates and lower fees  Traditional Lenders vs. Peer-to-Peer Marketplaces: P2P lending marketplaces are growing much faster than traditional lenders—only time will tell if the banks strategy of creating their own small loan networks will be successful  Traditional Asset Managers vs. Robo Advisors: Robo advisors like Betterment offer lower fees, lower minimums and solid returns to investors, but the much larger traditional asset managers are creating their own robo-products while providing the kind of handholding that high net worth clients are willing to pay handsomely for. As you can see, this very fluid environment is creating winners and losers before your eyes…and it’s also creating the potential for new cost savings or growth opportunities for both you and your company. After months of researching and reporting this important trend, Sarah Kocianski, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has put together an essential report on the fintech ecosystem that explains the new landscape, identifies the ripest areas for disruption, and highlights the some of the most exciting new companies. These new players have the potential to become the next Visa, Paypal or Charles Schwab because they have the potential to transform important areas of the financial services industry like: Retail banking  Lending and Financing  Payments and Transfers  Wealth and Asset Management  Markets and Exchanges  Insurance  Blockchain Transactions  If you work in any of these sectors, it’s important for you to understand how the fintech revolution will change your business and possibly even your career. And if you’re employed in any part of the digital economy, you’ll want to know how you can exploit these new technologies to make your employer more efficient, flexible and profitable. Among the big picture insights you'll get from The Fintech Ecosystem Report: Measuring the effects of technology on the entire financial services industry: Fintech investment continues to grow. After landing at $19 billion in total in 2015, global fintech funding had already reached $15 billion by mid-August 2016. The areas of fintech attracting media and investor attention are changing. Insurtech, robo advisors, and digital-only banks are only a few of the segments making waves. B2B fintechs are also playing an increasingly prominent role in the ecosystem.  It's not all good news for fintechs. Major hurdles, including customer acquisition and profitability, remain. As a result, many are becoming more willing to enter partnerships and adjust their business models.  Incumbents are enacting strategies to ensure they remain relevant. Many financial firms have woken up to the threat posed by fintechs and are implementing innovation strategies to stave off disruption. The majority of these strategies involve some interaction with fintech firms.  The relationship between incumbents and fintechs continues to evolve. Fintechs are no longer viewed exclusively as a threat, nor can they be ignored. They are increasingly viewed as partners, but that narrative alone is too simple — in reality, a more nuanced connection is taking hold.  This exclusive report also: Assesses the state of the fintech industry.  Gives details on the drivers of its growth.  Explains which areas of fintech are gaining traction.  Outlines the range of current and potential models for fintech and incumbent interaction.  The Fintech Ecosystem Report: Measuring the effects of technology on the entire financial services industry is how you get the full story on the fintech revolution. To get your copy of this invaluable guide to the fintech revolution, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the fast-moving world of financial technology. Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends Follow Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Fintech Wells Fargo JPMorgan Chase facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's why US banks are sharing data with fintechs Here's why US banks are sharing data with fintechs This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices Posted by John Ruch on February 3, 2017. Sandy Springs moves to demolish condemned house The city of Sandy Springs is moving to demolish a house that remains in disrepair four years after its condemnation amid ownership confusion, laying out a plan informally approved by a city judge Feb. 3. The city will immediately remove six “dangerous trees” and soon bring in an environmental engineer to figure out the demolition method and cost of 337 Hilderbrand Drive for later court approval, said City Attorney Wendell Willard at the Feb. 3 hearing. An attorney for JPMorgan Chase, the bank that disputes city contentions that it owns the house, said the bank is in the process of finding a new owner who could reimburse the city’s costs. The fire-damaged house at 337 Hilderbrand Drive lingers in disrepair nearly four years after it was condemned. (Photo John Ruch) “So we need to have the property demolished,” Willard told the court after listing various problems found in inspections since a previous court date in January. “There’s nothing there to be saved.” The pre-demolition inspections will likely take “several weeks,” he said. Attorneys for Chase and for former occupant Charles Farlow agreed to the plan, which will be formalized and signed by Chief Judge Donald Schaefer within the next few days. Mayor Rusty Paul sat in the courtroom audience during the Feb. 3 court hearing, as did Assistant City Manager Jim Tolbert and Steve Oppenheimer, who is president of the area’s Glenridge Hammond Neighborhood Association. “I just wanted to make sure it got done and got some resolution,” the mayor said of his reason for attending. Oppenheimer, who led a petition effort last fall to get renewed city action on the house, said he’s pleased there is finally a “clear path” for solving the property’s safety issues. Also attending was a neighbor of 337 Hilderbrand who recently had his roof and truck struck by falling limbs from decaying trees on the property. The neighbor has asked to remain anonymous. “It’s encouraging, this movement,” the neighbor said. “I’m just hesitant to get too excited given how much Chase has stalled this project.” “My concern is Chase slow-walking this because they know how many developers are buzzing around the neighborhood” and hope to get a higher selling price, he said. The Hilderbrand house is among thousands nationwide left in disrepair amid legal confusion and finger-pointing in the wake of the 2007-2008 mortgage crisis. It was condemned after a February 2013 fire that forced Farlow, who runs a Sandy Springs beauty salon, to move out and caused extensive damage he has said he couldn’t afford to repair. City records show that since that time, city inspectors have been foiled in attempts to hold anyone responsible for fixing the property. Farlow–whom the city once jailed over the property’s condition–previously said in an interview that the property already had a complicated legal situation following a dispute with Chase over mortgage payments, as he put the house in his mother’s name, filed bankruptcies and sought loan modifications. Meanwhile, Chase gave various and contradictory answers to inspectors about its responsibility for the property, according to city records, and maintains that the bank does not own the property, though county records say otherwise. Some confusion continued at the Feb. 3 hearing, where the case was on the court calendar twice under both Farlow’s and Chase’s names. Judge Schaefer finally called the case by saying, “That’s on JPMorgan Chase, Charles Farlow—and anyone else?” Doug Davis, an attorney for Farlow, claimed that Farlow “never owned this property. He just helped his mother.” She transferred the deed to Chase, he said. David Pernini, an attorney for Chase, did not directly addresses the bank’s denial that it owns the property. But he told the court that “we are in the process of getting a new titleholder of the property” and wants to make sure that any demolition costs are taken up by that new owner. “I’m fine with that,” Schaefer said. Following the recent neighborhood petition effort, the city returned to court in January and got an order allowing inspectors to enter the property and determine whether it’s a public safety hazard. With public safety issues, the city can take action with court approval regardless of who owns the property. Willard said the city estimates the tree removal will cost about $3,690 and the house demolition could cost as much as $30,000. The city will do that work itself and will seek reimbursement through a lien placed on the property, if the court later approves it. That lien would supersede any others except for tax liens, Willard said. The house has some serious structural problems, Willard told the court, including “beams…that are deteriorated.” “It is a danger,” Willard said in an interview minutes before the court hearing. “It is also what you might call an attractive nuisance,” he said, meaning it could draw trespassers, as Farlow and neighbors say is already happening. The house dates to 1942 and may require abatement of lead paint and asbestos prior to demolition, which is why the city needs the environmental engineer’s inspection. That abatement is why the city estimates a demolition cost about double the typical amount, Willard said. About John Ruch Mail | More Posts (917) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Recent Posts Brookhaven selected as part of CDC door-to-door survey Dunwoody council picks new city logo Cyclorama painting makes move to Atlanta History Center Price wins cabinet seat; Congressional election set for April 18 Identity fraud suspects strike in Dunwoody Community Links City of Atlanta City of Brookhaven City of Brookhaven – Calendar of Events City of Dunwoody City of Dunwoody – Calendar of Events City of Sandy Springs City of Sandy Springs – Community Calendar City of Sandy Springs – Public Meeting Calendar CVB of Dunwoody – Things to do in Dunwoody Sandy Springs Hospitality & Tourism My Tweets Quick Links Facebook Search Our Archives Twitter Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices © 2017, ↑ Reporter Newspapers Log in- Posts - Add New - Powered by WordPress - Designed by Gabfire Themes Sign up for our NewsMails Enter your email and stay on top of local news!
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Nordstrom Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nordstrom Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC Buys 91,845 Shares of Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC raised its position in shares of Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN) by 139.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 157,492 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 91,845 shares during the period. Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC’s holdings in Nordstrom were worth $8,171,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ boosted its stake in shares of Nordstrom by 20,761.0% in the third quarter. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ now owns 2,731,326 shares of the company’s stock worth $141,701,000 after buying an additional 2,718,233 shares during the last quarter. Smith Asset Management Group LP purchased a new position in Nordstrom during the third quarter worth about $62,974,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Nordstrom by 26.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,294,122 shares of the company’s stock worth $222,779,000 after buying an additional 897,203 shares during the period. Honeywell International Inc. purchased a new position in Nordstrom during the second quarter worth about $20,167,000. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in Nordstrom by 338.7% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 670,024 shares of the company’s stock worth $34,761,000 after buying an additional 517,305 shares during the period. 67.18% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN) traded up 1.05% on Tuesday, hitting $43.33. The company had a trading volume of 455,318 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $7.51 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.06 and a beta of 1.01. Nordstrom, Inc. has a one year low of $35.01 and a one year high of $62.82. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $46.19 and its 200 day moving average price is $50.50. Nordstrom (NYSE:JWN) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 10th. The company reported $0.84 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.52 by $0.32. The firm had revenue of $3.47 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.49 billion. Nordstrom had a return on equity of 58.85% and a net margin of 2.28%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.57 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Nordstrom, Inc. will post $2.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/clifford-swan-investment-counsel-llc-buys-91845-shares-of-nordstrom-inc-jwn.html. JWN has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. RBC Capital Markets set a $59.00 price objective on shares of Nordstrom and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Nordstrom from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Vetr raised shares of Nordstrom from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $46.75 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Telsey Advisory Group increased their price objective on shares of Nordstrom from $53.00 to $60.00 and gave the company a “market perform” rating in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Finally, KeyCorp reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Nordstrom in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, sixteen have given a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $48.44. In related news, Director Enrique Hernandez, Jr. sold 24,534 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $58.38, for a total transaction of $1,432,294.92. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 3,772 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $220,209.36. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Scott A. Meden sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.00, for a total value of $300,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 179,342 shares of company stock worth $10,568,441 over the last three months. 7.03% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Nordstrom Nordstrom, Inc is a fashion specialty retailer in the United States. The company operates through two segments: Retail and Credit. The Retail segment includes approximately 115 Nordstrom branded full-line stores in the United States and Nordstrom.com, approximately 167 off-price Nordstrom Rack stores, two Canada full-line stores, Nordstromrack.com and HauteLook, and other retail channels, including five Trunk Club showrooms and TrunkClub.com, its two Jeffrey boutiques and one clearance store that operates under the name Last Chance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JWN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE:JWN). Receive News & Ratings for Nordstrom Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nordstrom Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Raytheon Company (RTN) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Next » Clifford Swan Investment Counsel LLC Has $11,088,000 Stake in Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCK) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Green Dot Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Green Dot Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Green Dot Corporation (GDOT) Shares Sold by Snow Capital Management LP February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Snow Capital Management LP lowered its stake in shares of Green Dot Corporation (NYSE:GDOT) by 20.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 547,243 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 137,624 shares during the period. Snow Capital Management LP’s holdings in Green Dot Corporation were worth $12,619,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Fiera Capital Corp bought a new stake in shares of Green Dot Corporation during the second quarter valued at $13,769,000. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. boosted its stake in shares of Green Dot Corporation by 1,151.4% in the third quarter. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. now owns 247,985 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,719,000 after buying an additional 228,169 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Green Dot Corporation by 7.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,017,014 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $69,572,000 after buying an additional 218,891 shares in the last quarter. Matarin Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Green Dot Corporation during the third quarter valued at $4,114,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Green Dot Corporation by 492.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 191,358 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $4,413,000 after buying an additional 159,073 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 76.89% of the company’s stock. Shares of Green Dot Corporation (NYSE:GDOT) traded down 0.34% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $26.24. The company had a trading volume of 11,120 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $1.32 billion, a P/E ratio of 36.96 and a beta of 1.18. Green Dot Corporation has a 52 week low of $17.41 and a 52 week high of $28.99. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $25.11 and its 200 day moving average price is $23.76. Green Dot Corporation (NYSE:GDOT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. Green Dot Corporation had a return on equity of 7.76% and a net margin of 5.22%. The business had revenue of $154.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $151.72 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.15 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 5.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Green Dot Corporation will post $1.43 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Green Dot Corporation (GDOT) Shares Sold by Snow Capital Management LP” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/green-dot-corporation-gdot-shares-sold-by-snow-capital-management-lp.html. Several analysts have issued reports on GDOT shares. Citigroup Inc. raised Green Dot Corporation from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $29.50 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Loop Capital started coverage on Green Dot Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $31.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Green Dot Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Monday, November 14th. BTIG Research reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Green Dot Corporation in a research note on Sunday, November 13th. Finally, Guggenheim started coverage on Green Dot Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $28.00 target price for the company. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $26.19. In other news, CFO Mark L. Shifke sold 5,000 shares of Green Dot Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.80, for a total value of $124,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 785,366 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,477,076.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel John C. Ricci sold 17,919 shares of Green Dot Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.27, for a total value of $434,894.13. Following the completion of the transaction, the general counsel now owns 137,482 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,336,688.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 57,157 shares of company stock worth $1,383,058. Corporate insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. Green Dot Corporation Company Profile Green Dot Corporation, along with its subsidiaries, is a pro-consumer financial technology innovator. The Company is a provider of reloadable prepaid debit cards and cash reload processing services in the United States. The Company operates through two segments: Account Services, and Processing and Settlement Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GDOT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Green Dot Corporation (NYSE:GDOT). Receive News & Ratings for Green Dot Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Green Dot Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Attractive Income Stocks Whose Dividends Could Double Want bigger dividend payouts? These three stocks may soon oblige. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Feb 7, 2017 at 7:04AM Image source: Getty Images. Dividend stocks can be the foundation of a great retirement portfolio. Not only do the payments put money in your pocket, which can help hedge against any dips in the stock market, but they're usually a sign of a financially sound company. Dividends also give investors a painless opportunity to reinvest in a stock, thus compounding gains over time. However, not all income stocks live up to their full potential. Using the payout ratio -- i.e., the percentage of profits a company returns to its shareholders as dividends -- we can get a good read on whether or not a company has room to increase its dividend. Payout ratios between 50% and 75% are ideal. Here are three income stocks with payout ratios currently below 50% that could potentially double their dividend payments. Gilead Sciences, Inc. We'll begin the week by taking a closer look at a biotech behemoth that's potentially guilty of being too good: Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD). Gilead Sciences' claim to fame is its hepatitis C product portfolio (Harvoni, Sovaldi, and Epclusa). Gilead was the first company to bring an effective once-daily cure to pharmacy shelves, and it's not really relinquished its market share since. Its issues of late stem from its need to provide larger gross-to-net discounts to insurers for Harvoni, the HCV drug designed to treat the most common type of hepatitis C, genotype 1, and its having already nabbed the low-hanging fruit in the HCV market within the U.S. Image source: Getty Images. However, don't think for a moment that declining EPS and revenue estimates are a reason to avoid Gilead. For starters, Gilead's HCV products still have a massive market opportunity to hit. Even with the low-hanging fruit in the U.S. out of the way, Gilead has ample opportunity to treat the estimated 180 million people worldwide infected with hepatitis C. Even though some of these people aren't in countries where Gilead would receive the best margins, it nonetheless represents a long runway of opportunity. Not to mention the fact that none of Gilead's peers have even come close to improving the treatment timeframe and supplanting Gilead's therapies. Gilead Sciences is also a mammoth in the HIV treatment space. The company has around a half-dozen oral HIV innovations under its belt, with Stribild and Genvoya being among the most impressive and fastest growing treatments. Combined, Gilead's HCV and HIV franchises, along with its smaller approved therapies, should allow it to generate $15 billion or more in annual free cash flow through the end of the decade. This gives Gilead more than enough capital to seek out acquisitions and boost its shareholder yield. Remember, the last time Gilead made a big acquisition it acquired Pharmasset's leading asset, which spawned its HCV line of drugs. Currently paying out $1.88 annually (a 2.6% dividend yield), but slated to earn in excess of $10.50 per share each year through 2019, Gilead is a strong candidate to double its payout to shareholders. Union Pacific Corporation Another attractive rebound candidate is railroad giant Union Pacific (NYSE:UNP), which just finished up a challenging 2016. With commodity prices still challenged, Union Pacific found the sledding tough in most of its major freight categories. Coal freight revenue fell 6% in the fourth quarter, while chemicals were flat. The lone bright spot was agricultural products, where freight revenue rose 7%. Image source: Union Pacific. The good news is that a number of macroeconomic factors are looking up in 2017. For instance, consumer confidence is improving, which is great news for a cyclical logistics company like Union Pacific. Even more intriguing, energy prices are on the mend. Though higher energy prices boost its diesel fuel costs, they also have a positive impact on other commodity costs, as well as on Union Pacific's pricing power per carload. Despite its 2016 weakness, Union Pacific also managed to improve its operating ratio by 120 basis points to 62%. The key reason Union Pacific was able to improve its margin in the face of a weak commodity market was its stringent cost-cutting. As noted by my Foolish colleague Joe Tenebruso, Union Pacific reduced its locomotive count by 5%, while trimming its train, engine, and yard workforce by 7%. Having levers to pull is a nice thing for a cyclical logistics company when commodity prices can seemingly change at the flip of a switch. Considering that locomotives are a more fuel-efficient mode of transport than trucks as a function of total freight transported, it's unlikely that we're going to see freight transport by rail decline for any extended period of time. With Union Pacific currently paying out $2.42 annually (a 2.3% dividend yield), but on track for more than $8 in full-year EPS by 2020, a doubling of its dividend could be possible over the next five-to-10 years. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sticking with the theme of gigantic companies, the last attractive income stock this week is money center bank JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM). JPMorgan Chase has been hindered by a confluence of factors in recent years. For example, dovish monetary policy from the Federal Reserve has constrained its net interest margins, all while tougher regulations imposed from the Fed increased its expenses and reduced existing paths to profitability. As icing on the cake, the banking sector has been a pin cushion for fines since the Great Recession, most of which stem from its mortgage practices. Image source: Getty Images. On the plus side, these issues appear to be in the rearview mirror now. Though the Fed has only raised its benchmark federal funds rate twice over the past decade, it's firmly switched from a dovish to hawkish monetary policy. This lends hope that interest rates are going to head higher in the months and years to come. Higher interest rates help boost the net interest income banks generate from their variable loans. According to JPMorgan Chase's latest analysis, a 100-basis-point increase in short- and long-term lending rates would add $2.8 billion in additional net interest income, while a 200-basis-point increase in both would lead to $4.5 billion in additional interest income. For what it's worth, 200 basis points would be very close to the Fed's targeted rate of 3%. Also, JPMorgan Chase stands to benefit from the possibility of relaxed regulations in the banking industry under the Trump administration. If Trump holds to his word and removes a number of banking regulations, it would become substantially easier for JPMorgan Chase and its peers to return money to shareholders. Currently, JPMorgan Chase is paying out $1.92 annually (a 2.3% dividend yield), but Wall Street is looking for $7.47 in full-year EPS by 2018. This would appear to be a recipe for a higher payout ratio and a bigger dividend in JPMorgan's future. Sean Williams has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Feb 7, 2017 at 7:04AM Investment Planning Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.00 down $0.20 (-0.23%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $66.36 up $0.77 (1.17%) Union Pacific NYSE:UNP $107.87 up $0.45 (0.42%) Read More 3 Perfect Stocks for Baby Boomers in Their 50s to Consider Buying 3 Attractive Income Stocks Whose Dividends Could Double Marriott-Starwood Deal: Winners and Potential Losers 3 Value Stocks Near 52-Week Lows Worth Buying 3 Top Stocks to Buy for Your Children Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Attractive Income Stocks Whose Dividends Could Double @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM, $GILD, $UNP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BorgWarner Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BorgWarner Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts 30,000 Shares in BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Acquired by Mork Capital Management LLC February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mork Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of BorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:BWA) during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor purchased 30,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,055,000. BorgWarner comprises approximately 1.0% of Mork Capital Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 29th largest position. A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Harris Associates L P increased its stake in BorgWarner by 18.5% in the second quarter. Harris Associates L P now owns 10,074,318 shares of the company’s stock valued at $297,394,000 after buying an additional 1,570,440 shares during the period. Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt increased its stake in BorgWarner by 4.6% in the third quarter. Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt now owns 7,425,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $261,137,000 after buying an additional 325,000 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in BorgWarner by 0.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 5,693,136 shares of the company’s stock valued at $168,061,000 after buying an additional 27,275 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in BorgWarner by 284.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,994,064 shares of the company’s stock valued at $175,693,000 after buying an additional 3,694,451 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in BorgWarner by 1.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,430,939 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,700,000 after buying an additional 38,768 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.48% of the company’s stock. Shares of BorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:BWA) opened at 40.57 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $8.64 billion, a PE ratio of 16.52 and a beta of 1.64. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $40.27 and a 200 day moving average price of $36.41. BorgWarner Inc. has a 52 week low of $27.52 and a 52 week high of $41.98. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “30,000 Shares in BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Acquired by Mork Capital Management LLC” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/30000-shares-in-borgwarner-inc-bwa-acquired-by-mork-capital-management-llc.html. BWA has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on BorgWarner from $43.00 to $48.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Northcoast Research downgraded BorgWarner from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Evercore ISI downgraded BorgWarner from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and upped their target price for the company from $38.00 to $42.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. BMO Capital Markets initiated coverage on BorgWarner in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $50.00 target price for the company. Finally, Bank of America Corporation downgraded BorgWarner from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and cut their target price for the company from $39.00 to $29.00 in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $38.71. BorgWarner Company Profile BorgWarner Inc is a supplier of engineered automotive systems and components for powertrain applications. The Company operates through two segments: Engine and Drivetrain. The Engine segment’s products include turbochargers, timing devices and chains, emissions systems and thermal systems. The Drivetrain segment’s products include transmission components and systems, all-wheel drive (AWD) torque transfer systems and rotating electrical devices. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BWA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BorgWarner Inc. (NYSE:BWA). Receive News & Ratings for BorgWarner Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BorgWarner Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing SunCoke Energy Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SunCoke Energy Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Stock Price Up 3% Following Analyst Upgrade Viacom Inc. (VIAB) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings Precision Drilling Corporation (PDS) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation (KS) Shares Gap Down on Disappointing Earnings PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Short Interest Update Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Short Interest Update Analysts Set Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Target Price at $216.31 Sanofi (SNY) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.75 Per Share, Leerink Swann Forecasts Brokers Set Expectations for WestJet Airlines Ltd.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WJA) United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.83 on March 8th Pinnacle Foods, Inc. (PF) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.29 on April 7th Louisiana-Pacific Corporation (LPX) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Athersys, Inc. (ATHX) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Gladstone Commercial Corporation (GOOD) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Jefferies Group Weighs in on VCA Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WOOF) TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Short Interest Up 16.1% in January Container Store (The) (TCS) Stock Price Up 10.8% on Insider Buying Activity Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALNY) Stock Price Up 10.7% on Earnings Beat SORL Auto Parts, Inc. (SORL) Given $4.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Knowles Corporation (KN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (SXCP) Shares Bought by Cetera Advisor Networks LLC Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Cetera Advisor Networks LLC raised its stake in shares of SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SXCP) by 144.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 73,816 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 43,633 shares during the period. Cetera Advisor Networks LLC owned approximately 0.16% of SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. worth $1,118,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Walleye Trading LLC increased its stake in SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. by 107.1% in the second quarter. Walleye Trading LLC now owns 10,250 shares of the company’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 5,300 shares during the last quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. purchased a new stake in SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. during the second quarter worth $142,000. Citadel Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. during the second quarter worth $208,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. by 279.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 22,767 shares of the company’s stock worth $246,000 after buying an additional 16,767 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Allianz Asset Management AG purchased a new stake in SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. during the second quarter worth $305,000. 12.31% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SXCP) traded up 0.29% on Monday, hitting $17.10. The stock had a trading volume of 305,626 shares. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. has a 52-week low of $5.66 and a 52-week high of $21.95. The firm has a market cap of $790.28 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 8.27 and a beta of 1.29. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $18.95 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.96. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SXCP) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.78 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.02 by $0.24. The firm earned $218.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $298.80 million. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. had a return on equity of 15.91% and a net margin of 15.27%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.71 EPS. Analysts expect that SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. will post $1.60 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be issued a $0.594 dividend. This represents a $2.38 annualized dividend and a yield of 13.89%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, February 13th. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 114.98%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/suncoke-energy-partners-l-p-sxcp-shares-bought-by-cetera-advisor-networks-llc.html. Several research firms have recently commented on SXCP. Zacks Investment Research upgraded SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Saturday, November 5th. FBR & Co lifted their price objective on SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. from $16.00 to $19.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, October 21st. SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. Company Profile SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. is engaged primarily in producing coke used in the blast furnace production of steel. The Company also provides coal handling and/or mixing services at its Coal Logistics terminals. The Company’s segments include Domestic Coke, Coal Logistics, and Corporate and Other. Its Domestic Coke segment consists of the Haverhill Coke Company LLC, Middletown Coke Company, LLC and Gateway Energy and Coke Company, LLC cokemaking and heat recovery operations in Franklin Furnace, Ohio; Middletown, Ohio, and Granite City, Illinois, respectively. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SXCP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SunCoke Energy Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SXCP). Receive News & Ratings for SunCoke Energy Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SunCoke Energy Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Stake Decreased by Cetera Advisor Networks LLC Next » ARRIS International PLC (ARRS) Shares Sold by Dana Investment Advisors Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters China Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading China’s ‘smog refugees’ give airlines a boost during Lunar New Year – but troubles still lie ahead in 2017  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›China Business AIRLINES Broker's View Broker's View China’s ‘smog refugees’ give airlines a boost during Lunar New Year – but troubles still lie ahead in 2017 International airline bookings soar 30 per cent over holiday season, and 1m predicted to travel abroad this year with the sole intention of giving their lungs a rest PUBLISHED : Tuesday, 07 February, 2017, 1:45pm UPDATED : Tuesday, 07 February, 2017, 10:40pm Comments:   Jane Li jane.li@scmp.com http://twitter.com/Jane_Li911 Share PrintEmail Related topics Broker's View Related Articles Commodities Base metal prices fall on PBOC rate rise 6 Feb 2017 Wealth Is China heading for a benchmark rate rise? 1 Feb 2017 Companies Macau casino hotel holiday bookings point to recovery in gaming 24 Jan 2017 Chinese airlines are toasting an unexpectedly cheerful Lunar New Year, with a sharp pick up in international passenger numbers in January, according to a new report from JP Morgan. The lingering winter smog over large tracts of northern China, it seems, encouraged more to avoid not only the annual scrum in travelling to meet relatives, but exposing themselves any further to the worsening air quality, it said. The investment giant underlines it still maintains a cautious view for the airline sector this year, but it’s certainly hard to ignore the thumping 30 per cent rise in international revenue passenger kilometers growth (a measure of sales volume of passenger traffic) compared to a year ago, from late December to the first three weeks of January. “This demand pick-up was pretty unexpected as Chinese airlines have been busy cutting international capacity growth since October, due to industry overcapacity and the collapsing yield,” said JP Morgan’s Boyong Liu. International consultancy firm Mckinsey & Company has highlighted China’s tourism industry as an economic bright spot as people earn more and head overseas in greater numbers. Mckinsey predicts China’s middle class will likely account for 54 per cent of urban households and 56 per cent of urban private consumption by 2022, and as a dark cloud, literally, continues to hang over many parts of the country, more are being encouraging to seek a break from the hazardous murk, overseas, it says. This demand pick-up was pretty unexpected as Chinese airlines have been busy cutting international capacity growth since October, due to industry overcapacity and the collapsing yield Boyong Liu, JP Morgan In December, Ctrip.com, one of China’s largest online travel agents, estimated 150,000 travelled abroad with the sole intention of giving their lungs a rest, and predicts a one million to do so annually, creating a whole new “reason to travel”. New phrases to emerge from the gloom are “smog holidays”, being taken by “smog refugees”. On two particularly bad days, December 16 and 17, international travel bookings soared, according to JP Morgan’s Liu. But again, he cautions these travellers off in search of fresher surroundings are unlikely to help the overall industry stay robust through the year, as they are not a sustainable source of customers, for a sector which remains oversupplied, according to the report. “Capacity growth is expected to continue outpacing demand, particularly for international routes, and expect tourism yields to drop after the CNY peak,” Liu wrote. Liu does note there has been a nine per cent rebound in Chinese airlines’ share prices year-to-date, but still remains negative on earnings outlooks this year due to rising oil prices, a weaker yuan that is predicted to depreciate an additional four per cent this year. JP Morgan’s economics team says those negatives should shave around a quarter off domestic airline earnings. Similarly, CLSA analysts Rajani Khetan and Michael Luo, also offer an “Underweight” rating on the Chinese airline sector and recommend selling shares in three major Chinese airline companies: Air China, China Eastern Airlines, and China Southern Airlines. The two were optimistic about total international traffic growth for the three, but see likely weakness in some North Asian markets including Taiwan and South Korea due to political interventions. “We forecast Chinese airlines to see yield support from a better supply outlook in 2017,” said Khetan and Luo. “However, the negatives of higher fuel prices, the renminbi’s weakness and higher interest rates will comfortably offset any lift in yield.” This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Chinese carriers get a boost from ‘smog refugees’   Most Popular Viewed 1 China’s forex reserves drop below US$3 trillion 2 Why silence is golden for Chinese tycoons in 2017 3 Trump’s vision could set global trade back a century 4 The Chinese billionaire who rides the tiger can never get off 5 Amid slowdown, glimmers of hope for Singapore’s economy Shared 1 China’s forex reserves drop below US$3 trillion 2 Growing number of foreign firms shutting shop in China 3 Amid slowdown, glimmers of hope for Singapore’s economy 4 Why silence is golden for Chinese tycoons in 2017 5 Beijing seeks to enhance ‘soft power’ with climate U-turn Commented 1 Vice-chancellor does not deserve Hong Kong 2 CY slams Tsang over public housing plan 3 John Tsang pledges to reboot city’s political reform debate 4 John Tsang walking a fine line in trying to please all 5 Hong Kong food trucks see mixed sales after holiday stretch       You may also like China Why China’s communists struggle with succession planning 6 Feb 2017 - 12:47am 34 Tech companies have women in mind In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Business Amid slowdown, glimmers of hope for Singapore’s economy 6 Feb 2017 - 12:24pm 17 A leap into perfection Sponsored by: Jaeger-LeCoultre China Ivanka visit ‘shows China wants to forge ties with Trump’ 6 Feb 2017 - 11:35pm 10 Business Luck turns for Vietnam’s gamblers 7 Feb 2017 - 4:23pm Hong Kong Russian’s death-defying video sparks Hong Kong investigation 7 Feb 2017 - 5:45pm 19 Insight & Opinion End these miserly ways and put our money to better use 6 Feb 2017 - 10:01am 13 Hong Kong A brief history of Hong Kong’s triad gangs 6 Feb 2017 - 10:17am 10 Post Magazine Missing plane-crash gold on a Hong Kong hillside? 3 Feb 2017 - 12:53pm 7 Hong Kong The luxury hotel turned tycoon hideout away from prying mainland eyes 2 Feb 2017 - 5:27pm 16 Culture 41 years of photographing Hong Kong and China by David Wong 2 Feb 2017 - 5:21pm 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Monster Worldwide Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monster Worldwide Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 361,082 Shares of Monster Worldwide, Inc. (MWW) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. decreased its stake in shares of Monster Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:MWW) by 10.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 3,095,303 shares of the company’s stock after selling 361,082 shares during the period. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. owned about 3.48% of Monster Worldwide worth $11,174,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Boston Partners increased its position in shares of Monster Worldwide by 7.4% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 876,632 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,165,000 after buying an additional 60,671 shares during the last quarter. OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp purchased a new position in shares of Monster Worldwide during the third quarter valued at about $5,678,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Monster Worldwide by 18.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 909,678 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,175,000 after buying an additional 141,650 shares during the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System increased its position in shares of Monster Worldwide by 3.9% in the second quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 647,296 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,547,000 after buying an additional 24,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Monster Worldwide by 1.4% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 642,134 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,535,000 after buying an additional 9,142 shares during the last quarter. 88.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Monster Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:MWW) remained flat at $3.41 during trading on Monday. Monster Worldwide, Inc. has a 1-year low of $2.13 and a 1-year high of $4.38. The company has a 50 day moving average of $3.41 and a 200-day moving average of $3.39. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 361,082 Shares of Monster Worldwide, Inc. (MWW)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/d-e-shaw-co-inc-sells-361082-shares-of-monster-worldwide-inc-mww.html. Separately, B. Riley reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $3.40 price objective on shares of Monster Worldwide in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. Monster Worldwide presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $3.41. About Monster Worldwide Monster Worldwide, Inc is engaged in connecting people to jobs. The Company offers services in over 40 countries, providing job seeking, career management, recruitment and talent management capabilities. The Company’s segments include Careers-North America and Careers-International. It offers digital, social and mobile solutions through its flagship Website monster.com. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MWW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Monster Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:MWW). Receive News & Ratings for Monster Worldwide Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monster Worldwide Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. (MDM) Position Held by Capital Research Global Investors February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Research Global Investors maintained its stake in shares of Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. (NASDAQ:MDM) (TSE:MPV) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 4,964,264 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors owned 3.11% of Mountain Province Diamonds worth $25,957,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds also recently modified their holdings of the company. CIBC World Markets Inc. raised its position in Mountain Province Diamonds by 9.6% in the third quarter. CIBC World Markets Inc. now owns 70,361 shares of the company’s stock valued at $369,000 after buying an additional 6,146 shares during the last quarter. Sentry Investments Corp. increased its stake in shares of Mountain Province Diamonds by 6.0% in the second quarter. Sentry Investments Corp. now owns 484,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,893,000 after buying an additional 27,400 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Mountain Province Diamonds by 1.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,674,467 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,734,000 after buying an additional 57,594 shares during the period. Toronto Dominion Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Mountain Province Diamonds during the third quarter valued at $315,000. Finally, Scotia Capital Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Mountain Province Diamonds during the second quarter valued at $281,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 22.65% of the company’s stock. Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. (NASDAQ:MDM) remained flat at $5.10 during midday trading on Monday. Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. has a 1-year low of $2.56 and a 1-year high of $5.52. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $4.98 and a 200-day moving average price of $4.97. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. (MDM) Position Held by Capital Research Global Investors” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/mountain-province-diamonds-inc-mdm-position-held-by-capital-research-global-investors.html. MDM has been the subject of several analyst reports. RBC Capital Markets reissued a “sector perform” rating on shares of Mountain Province Diamonds in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Scotiabank reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $7.50 price target on shares of Mountain Province Diamonds in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Mountain Province Diamonds currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $6.50. About Mountain Province Diamonds Mountain Province Diamonds Inc (MPV) is a natural resource property exploration and development company. The Company holds approximately 49% interest in the Gahcho Kue Property. Its Gahcho Kue Property is located in the Northwest Territories (NWT) of Canada, in the District of Mackenzie, approximately 300 kilometers east-northeast of Yellowknife and over 80 kilometers east-southeast of the existing Snap Lake Mine. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MDM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. (NASDAQ:MDM) (TSE:MPV). Receive News & Ratings for Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mountain Province Diamonds Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Columbia Property Trust Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Columbia Property Trust Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (CXP) Stake Raised by HighTower Advisors LLC February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HighTower Advisors LLC increased its stake in Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE:CXP) by 2.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 31,191 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 694 shares during the period. HighTower Advisors LLC’s holdings in Columbia Property Trust were worth $698,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. acquired a new position in Columbia Property Trust during the second quarter valued at approximately $896,000. Forsta AP Fonden raised its position in Columbia Property Trust by 269.2% in the second quarter. Forsta AP Fonden now owns 79,000 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,691,000 after buying an additional 57,600 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in Columbia Property Trust by 276.5% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 39,599 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $848,000 after buying an additional 29,081 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Columbia Property Trust by 176.1% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 83,485 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,786,000 after buying an additional 53,248 shares during the period. Finally, Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its position in Columbia Property Trust by 13.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 16,535 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $354,000 after buying an additional 1,993 shares during the period. 62.66% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE:CXP) traded up 0.88% on Monday, reaching $23.01. 640,292 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $21.71 and a 200-day moving average of $22.25. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.84 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 42.69 and a beta of 1.17. Columbia Property Trust, Inc. has a 12 month low of $19.34 and a 12 month high of $24.63. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/columbia-property-trust-inc-cxp-stake-raised-by-hightower-advisors-llc.html. CXP has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Columbia Property Trust from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. initiated coverage on shares of Columbia Property Trust in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. They issued a “hold” rating and a $21.00 price target for the company. JMP Securities lowered shares of Columbia Property Trust from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. raised shares of Columbia Property Trust from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $26.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, CIBC raised shares of Columbia Property Trust from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. Columbia Property Trust has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $23.00. Columbia Property Trust Company Profile Columbia Property Trust, Inc operates as a real estate investment trust (REIT) for federal income tax purposes. The Company conducts business through Columbia Property Trust Operating Partnership, L.P. (Columbia Property Trust OP), which acquires, develops, owns, leases and operates real properties through subsidiaries or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CXP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE:CXP). Receive News & Ratings for Columbia Property Trust Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Columbia Property Trust Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Unisys Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unisys Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Unisys Corporation (UIS) Shares Sold by Hsbc Holdings PLC Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Hsbc Holdings PLC cut its position in Unisys Corporation (NYSE:UIS) by 1.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 73,571 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,069 shares during the period. Hsbc Holdings PLC owned about 0.15% of Unisys Corporation worth $717,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in Unisys Corporation by 48.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,511,537 shares of the company’s stock worth $24,462,000 after buying an additional 819,086 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in Unisys Corporation by 336.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 538,515 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,245,000 after buying an additional 415,056 shares in the last quarter. Towle & Co. boosted its position in Unisys Corporation by 19.8% in the second quarter. Towle & Co. now owns 2,117,531 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,416,000 after buying an additional 349,350 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Unisys Corporation by 10.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,361,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $32,738,000 after buying an additional 312,230 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Unisys Corporation by 5.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,285,062 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,194,000 after buying an additional 236,672 shares in the last quarter. Shares of Unisys Corporation (NYSE:UIS) traded down 1.50% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $13.15. The stock had a trading volume of 592,389 shares. The stock’s market cap is $658.60 million. Unisys Corporation has a one year low of $6.72 and a one year high of $16.70. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $14.09 and a 200-day moving average of $11.79. Unisys Corporation (NYSE:UIS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported ($0.02) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.24. Unisys Corporation had a negative return on equity of 10.20% and a negative net margin of 1.69%. The company earned $721.70 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $725.58 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.58 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 8.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Unisys Corporation will post ($1.20) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/unisys-corporation-uis-shares-sold-by-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. A number of research analysts recently commented on UIS shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Unisys Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $11.00 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Loop Capital started coverage on Unisys Corporation in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $15.00 price target on the stock. About Unisys Corporation Unisys Corporation is an information technology (IT) company. The Company operates through two segments. Its Services segment includes cloud and infrastructure services, application services and business process outsourcing services. In cloud and infrastructure services, it helps clients apply cloud and as-a-service delivery models to manage and secure their IT infrastructure and operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UIS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Unisys Corporation (NYSE:UIS). Receive News & Ratings for Unisys Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unisys Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Hsbc Holdings PLC Decreases Stake in CNA Financial Corporation (CNA) Next » Otter Tail Corporation (OTTR) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Acadia Healthcare Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Shares Sold by Calamos Advisors LLC Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Calamos Advisors LLC reduced its stake in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) by 22.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 437,180 shares of the company’s stock after selling 126,133 shares during the period. Calamos Advisors LLC owned approximately 0.50% of Acadia Healthcare Company worth $14,471,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in Acadia Healthcare Company by 11.2% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 10,958,149 shares of the company’s stock worth $542,976,000 after buying an additional 1,103,621 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company by 30.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 6,857,782 shares of the company’s stock valued at $339,803,000 after buying an additional 1,581,959 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company by 20.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,008,192 shares of the company’s stock valued at $297,706,000 after buying an additional 1,008,466 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company by 6.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,980,554 shares of the company’s stock valued at $275,924,000 after buying an additional 283,624 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in shares of Acadia Healthcare Company by 3.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,888,720 shares of the company’s stock valued at $93,586,000 after buying an additional 64,549 shares during the last quarter. Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC) traded down 1.60% on Monday, hitting $38.18. 464,599 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average of $36.71 and a 200 day moving average of $43.55. Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. has a one year low of $32.54 and a one year high of $65.00. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.34 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Shares Sold by Calamos Advisors LLC” was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/acadia-healthcare-company-inc-achc-shares-sold-by-calamos-advisors-llc.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on ACHC. Jefferies Group LLC set a $55.00 target price on shares of Acadia Healthcare Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. TheStreet lowered shares of Acadia Healthcare Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, December 2nd. RBC Capital Markets reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $59.00 price objective (down previously from $78.00) on shares of Acadia Healthcare Company in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Acadia Healthcare Company from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Mizuho lowered their price objective on shares of Acadia Healthcare Company from $71.00 to $45.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Acadia Healthcare Company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $61.93. In related news, Director Reeve B. Waud sold 14,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.79, for a total transaction of $501,060.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 55,673 shares in the company, valued at $1,992,536.67. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Reeve B. Waud sold 28,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, December 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.58, for a total transaction of $968,240.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 55,673 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,925,172.34. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 98,000 shares of company stock valued at $3,418,520 in the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 17.20% of the company’s stock. Acadia Healthcare Company Company Profile Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc is a provider of behavioral healthcare services. The Company operates in two segments: U.S. Facilities and U.K. Facilities. The Company develops and operates inpatient psychiatric facilities, residential treatment centers, group homes, substance abuse facilities and facilities providing outpatient behavioral healthcare services to serve the behavioral health and recovery needs of communities throughout the United States, the United Kingdom and Puerto Rico. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ACHC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (NASDAQ:ACHC). Receive News & Ratings for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acadia Healthcare Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous American International Group Inc. Has $984,000 Stake in Radius Health, Inc. (RDUS) Next » Calamos Advisors LLC Sells 266,938 Shares of Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. (FBHS) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Knight Transportation Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Knight Transportation Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Northern Trust Corp Purchases 11,749 Shares of Knight Transportation, Inc. (KNX) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in Knight Transportation, Inc. (NYSE:KNX) by 1.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 1,124,852 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 11,749 shares during the period. Northern Trust Corp owned approximately 1.41% of Knight Transportation worth $32,271,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Knight Transportation by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,788,436 shares of the company’s stock valued at $127,277,000 after buying an additional 83,623 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Knight Transportation by 13.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 4,602,971 shares of the company’s stock valued at $132,059,000 after buying an additional 549,137 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Knight Transportation by 1.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,406,105 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,032,000 after buying an additional 36,747 shares during the last quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Knight Transportation by 11.0% in the second quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC now owns 2,250,590 shares of the company’s stock valued at $59,821,000 after buying an additional 222,270 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C raised its stake in Knight Transportation by 3.4% in the second quarter. Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C now owns 1,602,663 shares of the company’s stock valued at $42,599,000 after buying an additional 53,021 shares during the last quarter. 92.93% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Knight Transportation, Inc. (NYSE:KNX) traded up 0.15% on Monday, hitting $32.90. The stock had a trading volume of 810,060 shares. The firm has a market cap of $2.64 billion, a PE ratio of 28.36 and a beta of 0.74. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $33.50 and its 200 day moving average price is $31.00. Knight Transportation, Inc. has a 52-week low of $23.77 and a 52-week high of $38.80. Knight Transportation (NYSE:KNX) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $0.29 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $289.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $285.76 million. Knight Transportation had a return on equity of 12.58% and a net margin of 8.30%. Knight Transportation’s quarterly revenue was down .6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.36 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that Knight Transportation, Inc. will post $1.18 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, March 27th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 3rd will be issued a dividend of $0.06 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 1st. This represents a $0.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.73%. Knight Transportation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 20.87%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Northern Trust Corp Purchases 11,749 Shares of Knight Transportation, Inc. (KNX)” was first reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/northern-trust-corp-purchases-11749-shares-of-knight-transportation-inc-knx.html. KNX has been the topic of several recent research reports. Knight Equity started coverage on Knight Transportation in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. They set a “hold” rating and a $32.00 price target on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG started coverage on Knight Transportation in a research report on Wednesday, November 2nd. They issued a “hold” rating and a $32.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised Knight Transportation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, November 5th. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded Knight Transportation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $26.00 to $30.00 in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities started coverage on Knight Transportation in a research report on Sunday, December 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $42.00 price objective on the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. Knight Transportation presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $28.65. Knight Transportation Company Profile Knight Transportation, Inc is a provider of multiple truckload transportation and logistics services, which involve the movement of trailer or container loads of freight from origin to destination for a single customer. The Company operates through two segments: Trucking and Logistics. The Company operates primarily in the United States with minor operations in Canada and Mexico. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding KNX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Knight Transportation, Inc. (NYSE:KNX). Receive News & Ratings for Knight Transportation Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Knight Transportation Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Northern Trust Corp Has $32,283,000 Position in Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation (BAH) Next » Micawber Capital LLC Buys Shares of 35,868 Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. (ST) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Nasdaq ekes out gains for new record, Dow hobbled by financials By Sue Chang and Anora Mahmudova Published: Feb 8, 2017 4:33 p.m. ET Share Nordstrom rallies, shrugs off Trump’s tweet By SueChang Markets reporter AnoraMahmudova Reporter Getty Images Weak bank shares are weighing on the broader market. The Nasdaq Composite Index eked out gains to finish at a record for a second day in a row Wednesday, but weak financial stocks dragged the Dow Jones Industrial Average lower in a session where the major indexes mostly hugged the flatline. The Nasdaq COMP, +0.33%  rose 8.24 points, or 0.2%, to close at 5,682.45, and the Dow DJIA, +0.48% fell 35.95 points, or 0.2%, to end at 20,054.34. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.23% Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +0.48%  and Visa Inc. V, +0.37%  were notable decliners. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.36% edged up 1.59 points to finish at 2,294.67. Utilities and real estate shares topped the gains while financials were big losers. Financial stocks were pressured by falling yields, with the benchmark 10-year Treasury note’s yield TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.00% earlier touching a three-week low at about 2.33%. Low yields tend to hurt banks’ business models. “The market [is] trying to come to terms with whether the new administration and Congress will be able to work together effectively or not,” said Brad McMillan, chief investment officer for Commonwealth Financial Network. “Most of the positive expectations were based on the assumption that we were at the end of the gridlock era, and that the Trump administration and Republican Congress would work together.” Events of the recent week have called that notion into question and the possible repeal of Dodd-Frank is looking less likely, he added. The financial sector had surged more than 16% in the wake of the U.S. presidential election on forecasts that interest rates will rise under President Donald Trump’s expansionary policies and expectations for deregulation in the industry. See: Is Trump really unleashing ‘animal spirits’? Watch this chart “The market is on a pause, as some people are now doubting that Trump’s tax reforms will be go through this year,” said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Financial. “However, the market is likely to continue to grind higher because the economic background is good and earnings are growing, regardless of whether we will get any fiscal stimulus or not,” Cavanaugh said. Read: These are the charts to watch for a stock market dip in February And see: Tug of war between bulls and bears is keeping stock market in check WTI crude futures CLH7, +1.60%  gained even as data from the Energy Information Administration showed U.S. crude-oil inventories climbed for a fifth straight week. Supplies rose by 13.8 million barrels last week, larger than expected. Stock movers: Nordstrom Inc. JWN, -1.21%  shares rose 4.1% after Trump criticized the retailer for its decision to drop Ivanka Trump’s fashion brand. Nordstrom had said the move was a business decision, based on poor performance, rather than political. My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 Time Warner Inc. TWX, +0.22% which is waiting on regulatory approval for its proposed $85.4 billion acquisition by AT&T Inc. T, +0.17% reported fourth-quarter adjusted earnings above consensus estimates. Shares advanced 0.4%. Shares of Botox maker Allergan PLC AGN, +0.28%  climbed 3.7% after fourth-quarter adjusted profit and sales surpassed expectations. Gilead Sciences Inc. GILD, +1.17%  sank 8.6% as Citigroup analysts cut the stock to neutral from buy after disappointing earnings late Tuesday. Alaska Air Group Inc. ALK, -1.08% shares climbed 3.3% after the company reported a double-digit jump in revenue in the latest quarter and said it is raising its dividend. Zillow Group Inc. shares Z, +1.21% skidded 6.4% after the real estate website forecast a wider loss for the year than Wall Street had expected. O’Reilly Automotive Inc.’s ORLY, -1.08%  shares rose 3.6% after the car parts company reported a 13% increase in profits last quarter. U.S., Iran trade barbs, fueling rise in tensions (1:32) The White House hit back at Iran on Tuesday after the country's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei rebuked Donald Trump, saying the U.S. president had exposed the “real face” of the U.S. Photo: Reuters and Getty Images Other markets: The ICE U.S. Dollar Index DXY, +0.04% ticked lower while gold futures GCJ7, -0.17%  were firmer. European stocks SXXP, +0.16% finished down and Japan’s Nikkei Stock Average NIK, +2.49%  and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Index HSI, +0.21%  closed higher. See: Time to sell the dollar on ‘erratic’ Trump policies, J.P. Morgan says —Carla Mozée contributed to this report. More from MarketWatch Super Bowl Ad: 84 Lumber The Best Ways to Use Your Smartphone in the Car Android Wear 2.0 Takes on Apple Watch Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References COMP +18.95 +0.33% DJIA +96.97 +0.48% JPM -0.20 -0.23% GS +1.17 +0.48% V +0.32 +0.37% SPX +8.23 +0.36% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 +0.00% CLH7 +0.85 +1.60% JWN -0.55 -1.21% TWX +0.21 +0.22% T +0.07 +0.17% AGN +0.68 +0.28% GILD +0.77 +1.17% ALK -1.06 -1.08% Z +0.41 +1.21% ORLY -2.98 -1.08% DXY +0.04 +0.04% GCJ7 -2.10 -0.17% SXXP +0.60 +0.16% NIK +471.26 +2.49% HSI +49.84 +0.21% Show all references Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,734.13 +18.95 (+0.33%) Volume 0 Open 5,726 High 5,743 Low 5,717 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,269.37 +96.97 (+0.48%) Volume 312.2M Open 20,211 High 20,298 Low 20,205 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $87.00 -0.20 (-0.23%) Volume 10.9M Open $87.48 High $87.48 Low $86.89 P/E Ratio 14.05 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 312.0B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $242.72 +1.17 (+0.48%) Volume 3.1M Open $243.37 High $244.16 Low $241.23 P/E Ratio 14.84 Div Yield 1.07 Market Cap 96.1B VISA Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: V $85.90 +0.32 (+0.37%) Volume 9.3M Open $85.80 High $86.14 Low $85.23 P/E Ratio 34.69 Div Yield 0.77 Market Cap 199.0B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,316.10 +8.23 (+0.36%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,312 High 2,319 Low 2,311 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.41% +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 2.40% High 2.43% Low 2.40% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Mar 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLH7 $53.85 +0.85 (+1.60%) Volume 537.8K Open $53.15 High $54.13 Low $52.90 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Nordstrom Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JWN $45.00 -0.55 (-1.21%) Volume 3.1M Open $45.78 High $46.18 Low $44.20 P/E Ratio 24.06 Div Yield 3.29 Market Cap 7.9B Time Warner Inc. U.S.: NYSE: TWX $96.58 +0.21 (+0.22%) Volume 2.1M Open $96.29 High $96.61 Low $96.20 P/E Ratio 19.57 Div Yield 1.67 Market Cap 74.4B AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $41.38 +0.07 (+0.17%) Volume 11.1M Open $41.25 High $41.43 Low $41.20 P/E Ratio 19.75 Div Yield 4.74 Market Cap 253.7B Allergan PLC U.S.: NYSE: AGN $246.36 +0.68 (+0.28%) Volume 3.1M Open $245.50 High $247.19 Low $243.50 P/E Ratio 6.59 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 92.1B Gilead Sciences Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: GILD $66.36 +0.77 (+1.17%) Volume 15.9M Open $65.85 High $66.78 Low $65.43 P/E Ratio 6.68 Div Yield 3.13 Market Cap 86.4B Alaska Air Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ALK $97.35 -1.06 (-1.08%) Volume 1.2M Open $98.37 High $98.83 Low $97.16 P/E Ratio 14.84 Div Yield 1.23 Market Cap 12.1B Zillow Group Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: Z $34.42 +0.41 (+1.21%) Volume 1.7M Open $34.05 High $34.57 Low $33.73 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.1B O'Reilly Automotive Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ORLY $271.80 -2.98 (-1.08%) Volume 1.3M Open $273.75 High $275.44 Low $269.58 P/E Ratio 25.33 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 25.5B U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 100.71 +0.04 (+0.04%) Volume 0 Open 100.67 High 101.01 Low 100.58 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Apr 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCJ7 $1,234.70 -2.10 (-0.17%) Volume 229.2K Open $1,230 High $1,239 Low $1,223 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 367.39 +0.60 (+0.16%) Volume 0 Open 367.08 High 368.10 Low 366.29 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 19,378.93 +471.26 (+2.49%) Volume 0 Open 19,217 High 19,396 Low 19,194 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Hang Seng Index HangSeng Ind: HSI 23,574.98 +49.84 (+0.21%) Volume 0 Open 23,646 High 23,718 Low 23,574 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Peabody Energy Announces Upsize And Pricing Of $950 Million Senior Secured Term Loan Facility News provided by Peabody Energy Feb 08, 2017, 17:42 ET Share this article ST. LOUIS, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Peabody Energy announced today that it has successfully priced a senior secured term loan and, in response to strong demand, has upsized the term loan to $950 million from $500 million. The term loan, together with $500 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2022 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2025, brings Peabody Energy's expected total long-term debt capitalization upon emergence from bankruptcy to $1.95 billion, consistent with the total debt structure contemplated by the company's plan of reorganization. The term loan facility will mature in 2022 and bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 4.50% per annum, with a 1.00% LIBOR floor. The facility is being arranged by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as joint lead arrangers, and Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. serving as a co-documentation agent, in connection with the restructuring of Peabody Energy as part of the Second Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Missouri on Jan. 27, 2017. The obligations of Peabody Energy under the term loan facility will be jointly and severally, and fully and unconditionally, guaranteed on a senior secured basis by substantially all of Peabody Energy's current and future direct or indirect U.S. subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions).  The term loan will also be secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of Peabody Energy's tangible and intangible assets (subject to certain exceptions). The term loan is expected to close on April 3, 2017, concurrent with the anticipated effective date of Peabody Energy's plan of reorganization and subject to court approval. The proceeds from the term loan will be used to fund a portion of the distributions to creditors provided for under the plan of reorganization. Peabody Energy is the world's largest private-sector coal company and a Fortune 500 company.  The company serves metallurgical and thermal coal customers in 25 countries on six continents. Certain statements included in this release are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company uses words such as "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "may," "forecast," "project," "should," "estimate," "plan," "outlook," "target," "likely," "will," "to be" or other similar words to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date the release was filed and are based on numerous assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable, but these assumptions are open to a wide range of uncertainties and business risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These factors are difficult to accurately predict and may be beyond the Company's control. Factors that could affect the Company's results include, but are not limited to: the Company's ability to obtain bankruptcy court approval with respect to motions or other requests made to the bankruptcy court in connection with the Company's voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code (the Chapter 11 Cases), including maintaining strategic control as debtor-in-possession; the Company's ability to negotiate, develop, confirm and consummate a plan of reorganization; the effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the operations of the Company, including customer, supplier, banking, insurance and other relationships and agreements; bankruptcy court rulings in the Chapter 11 Cases as well as the outcome of all other pending litigation and the outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases in general; the length of time that the Company will operate under Chapter 11 protection and the continued availability of operating capital during the pendency of the proceedings; risks associated with third-party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases, which may interfere with the Company's ability to confirm and consummate a plan of reorganization and restructuring generally; increased advisory costs to execute a plan of reorganization; the impact of the New York Stock Exchange's delisting of the Company's common stock on the liquidity and market price of the Company's common stock and on the Company's ability to access the public capital markets; the volatility of the trading price of the Company's common stock and the absence of correlation between any increases in the trading price and the Company's expectation that the common stock will be cancelled and extinguished upon confirmation of a proposed plan of reorganization with no payments made to the holders of the Company's common stock; the Company's ability to continue as a going concern including the Company's ability to confirm a plan of reorganization that restructures the Company's debt obligations to address liquidity issues and allow emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases; the risk that the plan of reorganization may not be accepted or confirmed, in which case there can be no assurance that the Chapter 11 cases will continue rather than be converted to Chapter 7 liquidation cases or that any alternative plan of reorganization would be on terms as favorable to holders of claims and interests as the terms of the plan of reorganization filed by the Company; the Company's ability to use cash collateral; the effect of the Chapter 11 Cases on the Company's relationships with third parties, regulatory authorities and employees; the potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the Company's liquidity, results of operations, or business prospects; the Company's ability to execute its business and restructuring plan; increased administrative and legal costs related to the Chapter 11 Cases and other litigation and the inherent risks involved in a bankruptcy process; the cost, availability and access to capital and financial markets, including the ability to secure new financing after emerging from the Chapter 11 Cases; the risk that the Chapter 11 Cases will disrupt or impede the Company's international operations, including the Company's business operations in Australia; competition in the coal industry and supply and demand for the Company's coal products, including the impact of alternative energy sources, such as natural gas and renewables, global steel demand and the downstream impact on metallurgical coal prices, and lower demand for the Company's products by electric power generators; the Company's ability to successfully consummate planned divestitures, including the planned sale of the Metropolitan Mine; the Company's ability to appropriately secure its obligations for reclamation, federal and state workers' compensation, federal coal leases and other obligations related to the Company's operations, including its ability to utilize self-bonding and/or successfully access the commercial surety bond market; customer procurement practices and contract duration; the impact of weather and natural disasters on demand, production and transportation; reductions and/or deferrals of purchases by major customers and the Company's ability to renew sales contracts; credit and performance risks associated with customers, suppliers, contract miners, co-shippers, and trading, bank and other financial counterparties; geologic, equipment, permitting, site access, operational risks and new technologies related to mining; transportation availability, performance and costs; availability, timing of delivery and costs of key supplies, capital equipment or commodities such as diesel fuel, steel, explosives and tires; impact of take-or-pay arrangements for rail and port commitments for the delivery of coal; successful  implementation of business strategies, including, without limitation, the actions the Company is implementing to improve its organization and respond to current industry conditions;  negotiation of labor contracts, employee relations and workforce availability, including, without limitation, attracting and retaining key personnel; the Company's ability to comply with financial and other restrictive covenants in various agreements; changes in postretirement benefit and pension obligations and their related funding requirements; replacement and development of coal reserves; effects of changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates (primarily the Australian dollar); effects of acquisitions or divestitures; economic strength and political stability of countries in which the Company has operations or serves customers; legislation, regulations and court decisions or other government actions, including, but not limited to, new environmental and mine safety requirements, changes in income tax regulations, sales-related royalties, or other regulatory taxes and changes in derivative laws and regulations; the Company's ability to obtain and renew permits necessary for the Company's operations;  litigation or other dispute resolution, including, but not limited to, claims not yet asserted; terrorist attacks or security threats, including, but not limited to, cybersecurity threats; impacts of pandemic illnesses; and other risks detailed in the Company's reports filed with the SEC. The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements except as required by law.  As outlined in the plan of reorganization, our equity securities will be cancelled and extinguished upon confirmation of a plan of reorganization by the bankruptcy court, and holders thereof will not be entitled to receive, and will not receive or retain, any property or interest in property on account of such equity interests. CONTACT: Vic Svec 314.342.7768   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/peabody-energy-announces-upsize-and-pricing-of-950-million-senior-secured-term-loan-facility-300404639.html SOURCE Peabody Energy Related Links http://www.peabodyenergy.com Feb 08, 2017, 17:40 ET Preview: Peabody Energy Announces Pricing Of $1.0 Billion Aggregate Principal Amount Senior Secured Notes My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Feb 08, 2017, 17:40 ETPeabody Energy Announces Pricing Of $1.0 Billion Aggregate... Feb 01, 2017, 12:14 ETPeabody Energy Announces Offering Of Up To $1.0 Billion Aggregate... Explore More news releases in similar topics Oil & Energy Utilities Financing Agreements You just read: Peabody Energy Announces Upsize And Pricing Of $950 Million Senior Secured Term Loan Facility News provided by Peabody Energy Feb 08, 2017, 17:42 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Peabody Energy Announces Upsize And Pricing Of $950 Million Senior Secured Term Loan Facility ST. LOUIS, Feb. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Peabody Energy announced today that it has successfully priced a senior secured term loan and, in response to strong demand, has upsized the term loan to $950 million from $500 million. The term loan, together with $500 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2022 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2025, brings Peabody Energy’s expected total long-term debt capitalization upon emergence from bankruptcy to $1.95 billion, consistent with the total debt structure contemplated by the company’s plan of reorganization. The term loan facility will mature in 2022 and bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 4.50% per annum, with a 1.00% LIBOR floor. The facility is being arranged by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, as joint lead arrangers, and Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. serving as a co-documentation agent, in connection with the restructuring of Peabody Energy as part of the Second Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Missouri on Jan. 27, 2017. The obligations of Peabody Energy under the term loan facility will be jointly and severally, and fully and unconditionally, guaranteed on a senior secured basis by substantially all of Peabody Energy’s current and future direct or indirect U.S. subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions).  The term loan will also be secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of Peabody Energy’s tangible and intangible assets (subject to certain exceptions). The term loan is expected to close on April 3, 2017, concurrent with the anticipated effective date of Peabody Energy’s plan of reorganization and subject to court approval. The proceeds from the term loan will be used to fund a portion of the distributions to creditors provided for under the plan of reorganization. Peabody Energy is the world’s largest private-sector coal company and a Fortune 500 company.  The company serves metallurgical and thermal coal customers in 25 countries on six continents. Certain statements included in this release are forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company uses words such as „anticipate,” „believe,” „expect,” „may,” „forecast,” „project,” „should,” „estimate,” „plan,” „outlook,” „target,” „likely,” „will,” „to be” or other similar words to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date the release was filed and are based on numerous assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable, but these assumptions are open to a wide range of uncertainties and business risks that may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These factors are difficult to accurately predict and may be beyond the Company’s control. Factors that could affect the Company’s results include, but are not limited to: the Company’s ability to obtain bankruptcy court approval with respect to motions or other requests made to the bankruptcy court in connection with the Company’s voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code (the Chapter 11 Cases), including maintaining strategic control as debtor-in-possession; the Company’s ability to negotiate, develop, confirm and consummate a plan of reorganization; the effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the operations of the Company, including customer, supplier, banking, insurance and other relationships and agreements; bankruptcy court rulings in the Chapter 11 Cases as well as the outcome of all other pending litigation and the outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases in general; the length of time that the Company will operate under Chapter 11 protection and the continued availability of operating capital during the pendency of the proceedings; risks associated with third-party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases, which may interfere with the Company’s ability to confirm and consummate a plan of reorganization and restructuring generally; increased advisory costs to execute a plan of reorganization; the impact of the New York Stock Exchange’s delisting of the Company’s common stock on the liquidity and market price of the Company’s common stock and on the Company’s ability to access the public capital markets; the volatility of the trading price of the Company’s common stock and the absence of correlation between any increases in the trading price and the Company’s expectation that the common stock will be cancelled and extinguished upon confirmation of a proposed plan of reorganization with no payments made to the holders of the Company’s common stock; the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern including the Company’s ability to confirm a plan of reorganization that restructures the Company’s debt obligations to address liquidity issues and allow emergence from the Chapter 11 Cases; the risk that the plan of reorganization may not be accepted or confirmed, in which case there can be no assurance that the Chapter 11 cases will continue rather than be converted to Chapter 7 liquidation cases or that any alternative plan of reorganization would be on terms as favorable to holders of claims and interests as the terms of the plan of reorganization filed by the Company; the Company’s ability to use cash collateral; the effect of the Chapter 11 Cases on the Company’s relationships with third parties, regulatory authorities and employees; the potential adverse effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the Company’s liquidity, results of operations, or business prospects; the Company’s ability to execute its business and restructuring plan; increased administrative and legal costs related to the Chapter 11 Cases and other litigation and the inherent risks involved in a bankruptcy process; the cost, availability and access to capital and financial markets, including the ability to secure new financing after emerging from the Chapter 11 Cases; the risk that the Chapter 11 Cases will disrupt or impede the Company’s international operations, including the Company’s business operations in Australia; competition in the coal industry and supply and demand for the Company’s coal products, including the impact of alternative energy sources, such as natural gas and renewables, global steel demand and the downstream impact on metallurgical coal prices, and lower demand for the Company’s products by electric power generators; the Company’s ability to successfully consummate planned divestitures, including the planned sale of the Metropolitan Mine; the Company’s ability to appropriately secure its obligations for reclamation, federal and state workers’ compensation, federal coal leases and other obligations related to the Company’s operations, including its ability to utilize self-bonding and/or successfully access the commercial surety bond market; customer procurement practices and contract duration; the impact of weather and natural disasters on demand, production and transportation; reductions and/or deferrals of purchases by major customers and the Company’s ability to renew sales contracts; credit and performance risks associated with customers, suppliers, contract miners, co-shippers, and trading, bank and other financial counterparties; geologic, equipment, permitting, site access, operational risks and new technologies related to mining; transportation availability, performance and costs; availability, timing of delivery and costs of key supplies, capital equipment or commodities such as diesel fuel, steel, explosives and tires; impact of take-or-pay arrangements for rail and port commitments for the delivery of coal; successful  implementation of business strategies, including, without limitation, the actions the Company is implementing to improve its organization and respond to current industry conditions;  negotiation of labor contracts, employee relations and workforce availability, including, without limitation, attracting and retaining key personnel; the Company’s ability to comply with financial and other restrictive covenants in various agreements; changes in postretirement benefit and pension obligations and their related funding requirements; replacement and development of coal reserves; effects of changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates (primarily the Australian dollar); effects of acquisitions or divestitures; economic strength and political stability of countries in which the Company has operations or serves customers; legislation, regulations and court decisions or other government actions, including, but not limited to, new environmental and mine safety requirements, changes in income tax regulations, sales-related royalties, or other regulatory taxes and changes in derivative laws and regulations; the Company’s ability to obtain and renew permits necessary for the Company’s operations;  litigation or other dispute resolution, including, but not limited to, claims not yet asserted; terrorist attacks or security threats, including, but not limited to, cybersecurity threats; impacts of pandemic illnesses; and other risks detailed in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements except as required by law.  As outlined in the plan of reorganization, our equity securities will be cancelled and extinguished upon confirmation of a plan of reorganization by the bankruptcy court, and holders thereof will not be entitled to receive, and will not receive or retain, any property or interest in property on account of such equity interests. CONTACT: Vic Svec 314.342.7768   SOURCE Peabody Energy CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, company, Financing Agreements, general, Industry, Legal, major, Markets, mine, private, reserves, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Petroleum Council highlights benefits of energy development to Colorado jobs, economic growth and state revenue Next PostNext Aviation News: Real-Time Boeing Data to Optimize Operational Efficiency for Etihad Airways Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Channeling Wisdom: Danielle Holly, CEO of Common Impact SOURCE: Common Impact DESCRIPTION: Originally published by YNPN Boston About Danielle: Danielle Holly is dedicated to creating previously unseen pathways for individuals to meaningfully contribute to making their communities thrive. She envisions a world where every person is able to bring their values and personal mission to their day jobs, integrate healthy and sustainable personal lives and, as a result, have the drive and energy to make our communities more equitable and vibrant.  She is currently the CEO of Common Impact. Danielle has helped numerous corporations and nonprofits navigate the new era in skills-based volunteering, including global powerhouses JPMorgan Chase, Charles Schwab, Marriott International, and State Street.  Danielle also writes for Nonprofit Quarterly on strategic corporate engagement. She has served on the Board of Directors for the Young Nonprofit Professionals Network, the Young Nonprofit Professionals Network of Boston, and Net Impact NYC. Twitter: @dholly8 We asked Danielle to share the nonprofit leadership wisdom she has gained over her career.  What is your leadership style? My leadership style tends to be direct and transparent. In most situations, the more people that know about what’s happening, and the more active real-time feedback you provide, the closer you’ll get to solving a challenge in the right way. As I’ve risen to higher levels of leadership, I’ve needed to calibrate that a bit and figure out how and when to share new information with the team. Separately, I set high expectations for the team and even higher benchmarks for myself. I try to be as supportive as I can be to enable the team to meet those expectations, without lowering the bar for the communities we serve. Can you share an example of a time when you successfully led a team through a challenging time or scenario? When I took over as CEO of Common Impact, the organization was going through a period of great transition. The founder had recently left, the organization hadn’t received funding in about a year, and the team was nervous about the future of the organization. I had to quickly communicate confidence in the organization, set a path forward, and get folks reinvigorated to be a part of the team that would lead us through a challenging time. I still look back fondly on the team that rolled up their sleeves for the organization during that period – we wouldn’t be here without them!    How did your experience volunteering with YNPN Boston prepare you for your current leadership role? When I stepped into my role as Chair of YNPN Boston years ago, it was the first time I needed to look across a full organization, and quickly and deeply understand its strengths, its weaknesses, its people, and its services. It’s an experience I call on often when I’m approaching a new problem or consulting engagement. It also introduced me to the types of professionals I knew I wanted to surround myself with in my career – smart, humble, and driven.   What leadership resources have you found useful? Joining the boards of YNPN and Net Impact were great learning experiences for me. A few books that I’ve come across that have stuck with me are The Ariel Group’s Leadership Presence and Difficult Conversations by Douglas Stone.     How has the nonprofit landscape changed since you started working in it? What skills will emerging leaders need that weren’t in demand when you first started? The nonprofit sector has lost its monopoly on social impact work. When I first began my career, if you wanted to have “meaning” in your work, you looked to the nonprofit sector. If you wanted to make money, you went to work for a company. Those lines are much more blurred now, and it demands that the nonprofit sector, its staff. and supporters rise to meet the competition for the purpose driven workforce.   What advice do you have for nonprofit professionals trying to build their leadership? Aggressively pursue the area of leadership that most frightens you. Whether it’s the financial reporting, public speaking, or people management, be ferocious in seeking out opportunities to build those muscles. Whether or not you end up enjoying them or pursuing a career that incorporates those particular skills, it teaches you how to learn, how to be courageous, and ultimately how to manage the people on your team that are leading different areas of work. Tweet me: Get to know @CommonImpact CEO @dholly8 featured in @YNPNBoston’s Channeling Wisdom series #nonprofit #leadership http://bit.ly/2kPmlTt KEYWORDS: Volunteerism & Community Engagement, Volunteerism, skills-based volunteering, Common Impact, YNPN, YNPN Boston, Net Impact, Leadership, nonprofit, nonprofit sector, nonprofit landscape, channeling wisdom CategoriesUncategorized TagsBooks, Companies, company, staff, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aspen Reports Results for Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2016 Next PostNext Static Synchronous Compensator Market Size and Forecasts to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance comScore Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for comScore Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Anavon Capital LLP Buys Shares of 98,500 comScore, Inc. (SCOR) February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Anavon Capital LLP bought a new stake in shares of comScore, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCOR) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm bought 98,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,111,000. comScore makes up about 2.9% of Anavon Capital LLP’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Anavon Capital LLP owned about 0.25% of comScore at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust raised its stake in shares of comScore by 6.7% in the second quarter. New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust now owns 32,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $764,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares in the last quarter. American Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of comScore by 22.3% in the second quarter. American Capital Management Inc. now owns 131,408 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,138,000 after buying an additional 23,973 shares in the last quarter. Airain ltd raised its stake in shares of comScore by 28.1% in the second quarter. Airain ltd now owns 24,489 shares of the company’s stock valued at $585,000 after buying an additional 5,376 shares in the last quarter. Oxford Asset Management raised its stake in shares of comScore by 71.7% in the second quarter. Oxford Asset Management now owns 230,099 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,495,000 after buying an additional 96,099 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of comScore by 648,030.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 84,257 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,012,000 after buying an additional 84,244 shares in the last quarter. Shares of comScore, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCOR) traded up 0.52% on Wednesday, reaching $22.98. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,779,018 shares. comScore, Inc. has a 12-month low of $20.81 and a 12-month high of $43.53. The company’s 50-day moving average is $32.01 and its 200 day moving average is $29.98. The company’s market capitalization is $895.37 million. WARNING: “Anavon Capital LLP Buys Shares of 98,500 comScore, Inc. (SCOR)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/anavon-capital-llp-buys-shares-of-98500-comscore-inc-scor.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on SCOR shares. Zacks Investment Research raised comScore from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of comScore in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $38.00. About comScore comScore, Inc is a cross-platform measurement company. The Company provides independent data, metrics, products and services to clients in the media, advertising and marketing industries. The Company delivers digital media analytics that help content owners and advertisers understand the composition of consumer media audiences, and also helps marketers understand the performance and effectiveness of advertising targeted at these audiences. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SCOR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for comScore, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCOR). Receive News & Ratings for comScore Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for comScore Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Brisbane Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Brisbane Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All Queensland National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News WA News AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Sailing News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map John Birmingham That Thinking Feeling The Hermit Sisters in Law Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Stage Books Your Brisbane Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Live Save Print Markets Live: ASX finds some late energy Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer 138 comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A rally in AGL Energy and solid gains in real-estate stocks were enough to offset losses in miners and push the ASX into the black at the close. Shares briefly buoyed by news Donald Trump sent a conciliatory letter to China's President Xi Jinping AGL shares jump after the energy utility hikes its interim dividend following a return to profit ​AMP reports a $344 million full-year loss following write-downs but will buy back $500 million in shares The kiwi dollar tumbles after RBNZ signals rates will be steady for longer and says it wants a weaker dollar US bond yields fall while gold hits a three-month high as investors worry over Trump's policies and tweets Live updates Sort posts by Newest Oldest 3:40pm on 9 Feb 2017 Rallies in AGL Energy and AMP following earnings reports helped offset losses in miners and push the local sharemarket into the black at the close. Sentiment see-sawed during the session but eventually turned positive late in the afternoon, pushing the benchmark S&P/ASX 200 Index and the broader All Ordinaries Index each 0.2 per cent higher, to 5664.6 points and 5717.7 points respectively.  Earnings season continued to give investors company direction with the likes of AMP, AGL Energy and Suncorp reporting.  "One of the early themes from the reporting season seems to be that low expectations have been baked in to share prices, and when results are not as bad as anticipated, we are seeing buyers enter," said Romano Sala Tenna, portfolio manager at Katana Asset Management.  "Given the 'brutality' of the past quarter, many investors are not prepared to roll the dice ahead of a company reporting; preferring to wait for the results before buying or adding." Shares in AMP bumped up 3.9 per cent, despite the company announcing a bottom line loss for the year to December of $344 million, down from a profit of $972 million in 2015. But investors were heartened by a $500 million share buyback. AGL enjoyed a 4.4 per cent lift after it reported revenue rose 7.7 per cent and net profit after tax was $325 million, up from a $449 million loss in 2016.  And Suncorp reported a net profit after tax of $537 million for the six months ended December 31, up from $530 million a year earlier, after top-line growth of 4.3 per cent. Shares closed 0.9 per cent higher. Investors scooped up profits in the big resource giants, with BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto both sinking 1.2 per cent and 0.7 per cent respectively. Despite a slight pick up in the iron ore price, investors sold off Fortescue Metals, which closed down 3.6 per cent.  The big four banks were a mixed bag, with only National Australia Bank managing to eke out any gains.  In other equities news, Paragon Care shares plunged 11.7 per cent after it's first-half results disappointed, given the earnings-per-share declined around 4 per cent due to the large number of shares that were issued last year to fund acquisitions.  3:16pm on 9 Feb 2017 Uncertainty over US President Donald Trump's policies has driven up gold prices, but the effect may be limited to the short-term only, the head of Australia's biggest gold miner Newcrest Mining says. Gold prices have risen to three-month highs above $US1240 an ounce amid worries over the impact of Trump's protectionist policies and political risks in Europe ahead of a string of elections. "What I think he's done, at least for the moment, is introduce a level of uncertainty that wasn't necessarily there before he took over," Newcrest chief executive Sandeep Biswas told reporters after speaking at the Melbourne Mining Club. Investors, unsure of what may happen under Trump, were maintaining positions in gold as a traditional store of value rather than due to any structural shift, he said. "I don't think there's any policies that we've seen at this stage that would lead me to believe that it's good or bad in the medium or long term for gold," said Biswas, who started following Trump on social media last week to "keep up with what he's up to." Newcrest, whose shares have jumped 52 per cent over the past year, is due to report half-year results on February 13. What's he up to? Newcrest CEO Sandeep Biswas has started following Donald Trump on Twitter. Photo: Jesse Marlow 3:04pm on 9 Feb 2017 Looks like some short sellers in Mayne Pharma are getting burnt.  The stock is up another 4.1 per cent at $1.39, taking the two-day gains close to 10 per cent. Mayne shares have been heavily shorted, with nearly 10 per cent of the outstanding stock held by short sellers, ever since the generic drug maker late last year first was investigated by the US Department of Justice over the marketing and sales of its products and then became the target of a US price fixing lawsuit. Mayne Pharma argued the legal proceedings would not have a material impact on future earnings, but the shorters obviously disagree.   2:36pm on 9 Feb 2017 A look next door: Moody's has upgraded its credit outlook on Indonesia to "positive" from "stable", praising its progress on reforms and its efforts to keep finances under control despite falling prices for its main commodity exports. Moody's upgrade follows a similar move by Fitch in December, and comes at a welcome time for Indonesia's policymakers as they seek to attract and retain more foreign investment as emerging market assets globally come under stress. Indonesia's rupiah currency and its main stock index edged up in early trade. Outlook upgrades typically mean a country is closer to a ratings upgrade, which would allow it to sell government bonds at lower rates and attract more foreign investors. ANZ head of Asian research Khoon Goh said he wasn't surprised by the decision. "Indonesia's greatly improved resilience was put to the test in Q4 2016 amid the global bond selloff and the Trump tantrum," Goh said. "Outflows from the Indonesian bond market was short-lived, and inflows resumed in December-January totalling USD2.2bn, even as other Asian markets continued to see outflows." Moody's reaffirmed its rating of Baa3 for Indonesia, its lowest notch for investment grade debt, while noting it is now less vulnerable to external shocks and has a lengthening track record of economic stability and fiscal discipline. 2:25pm on 9 Feb 2017 Donald Trump's honeymoon with investors may come to a premature end, as his frequent Twitter outbursts help kill off the initial burst of euphoria, according to Herald Van Der Linde, HSBC's head of equity strategy for the Asia-Pacific region. While leaders such as Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and India's Narendra Modi enjoyed comparatively lengthy periods of market strength after taking office, the US optimism that welcomed Trump's surprise victory in November shows signs of fizzling less than a month into his four-year term. "The expectations of the markets seem to be higher than what, very often, politicians can promise," Van Der Linde told Bloomberg. With regard to Trump, "the reality check might come sooner," he said. That's "maybe because we see part of the internal workings of what happens in the White House on Twitter - so we see some of the struggles that go on coming on the Twitter feed." With Trump, the "reality check might come sooner as some of the policies - the travel ban etc - is more difficult to implement than the markets anticipated, or the Trump administration anticipated." The S&P 500 Index has edged up 1 per cent since Trump's January 20 inauguration, paling in comparison with the 4.6 per cent surge it experienced from the November 8 election through to the end of the year. The index's advance has slowed as Trump stumbled out of the gate with a flurry of executive orders including a travel ban on immigrants from seven countries that has been suspended by a Seattle judge. The local ASX200 is flat since the inauguration and down 0.3 per cent in 2017, but has still gained more than 7 per cent since the US election. Reality check for markets. Photo: AP Back to top 2:18pm on 9 Feb 2017 Iron ore futures in China are trading higher again, rising for six out of eight sessions, with values underpinned by a weaker US dollar and signs of strong demand in world's top steel consumer China. Resumption of construction activity after the Lunar New Year break is boosting demand for steel and other raw materials, analysts said. "On Tuesday and Wednesday we saw iron ore transactions in the spot market as buyers are restocking after the holidays," said Wang Di, an analyst at CRU consultancy in Beijing. "Another reason could be weakness in the US dollar." Investors in the iron ore market expect economic data in the coming weeks to show the world's second-largest economy got off to a good start in 2017. Steady growth is giving the central bank room to slowly tighten monetary policy and contain the risks from high levels of debt. The market will seek further direction from trade data due on Friday. Iron ore on the Dalian Commodity Exchange is up 1.7 per cent at 646.5 yuan ($US94.12), while the most-active rebar contract on the Shanghai Futures Exchange was up 1.1 per cent at 3234 yuan. The spot price for iron ore gained 0.3 per cent to $US83.53 on Wednesday night. China's foreign exchange regulator said on Wednesday that risks from cross-border capital flows will be generally under control in 2017, a day after the country reported that its forex reserves had fallen to near six-year lows. Chinese authorities have taken a raft of steps in recent months to curb capital flight from the country to support its weakening yuan currency, while trying to bring in more foreign investment. 1:45pm on 9 Feb 2017 Households, particularly those in Queensland and Western Australia, will see some benefits from the lift in commodity prices, HSBC says. A marked and largely unexpected lift in commodity prices, particularly of iron ore and coal, has lifted Australia's export revenues, pushing the trade surplus to its most positive position on record.  But some economists have argued the impact on households is likely to be subdued, given continuing weaknesses in the consumer economy.  Any lift to households would be "less potent than we've seen in recent cycles," HSBC chief economist Paul Bloxham said. "But we still think there will be some effect." Households will gain some benefit from the rising fortunes of mining companies through two mechanisms, Bloxham said. State governments, particularly in the mining-rich states of Western Australian and Queensland, will see a lift in state royalties, which will, in part, flow through to government spending and public sector wages. And the higher profits of mining companies themselves will provide a private-sector boost, flowing through to wages and spending. "The key point here is we've had this long period where the resources sector has been a headwind to growth," Bloxham said. "That's been most vivid in WA and Queensland." "That headwind has turned into a tailwind. It should start to support conditions in those two states that have been under a fair bit of pressure recently."   1:23pm on 9 Feb 2017 Australian apartment developers are ramping up vendor financing for foreign buyers, in an effort to fill the funding gap left by major Australian banks.  Melbourne developer Beulah International, Sydney's Eklipse Capital, and Brisbane's Golden State Property Developments are the latest developers to offer financing to foreign buyers, particularly Chinese buyers when they acquire their apartments.   Foreign buyers have been still struggling to get funding since the major banks stopped foreign loans last year, resulting in the number of buyers falling up to 50 per cent in the past 12 months, real estate agents said.  More vendor financing will also be welcome relief for many would-be investors in the apartment market after CBA, the nation's biggest property lender,  announced it will indefinitely suspend new finance applications for some investment home loans on Wednesday.  Melbourne's Beulah is offering a facility, through the use of licensed brokers, to provide long term loans to foreign buyers. The loans will be sourced from the developer's balance sheet and other private high net worth backers including those from overseas.  While the developer was still finalising details of its loans, it said it would charge interest rates of around 6 per cent to 7 per cent.  Here's more at the AFR Melbourne developer Beulah International is offering vendor financing for projects such Garden Hill in Doncaster.  1:10pm on 9 Feb 2017 Gold was the biggest income driver for Australia in 2016, surpassing even iron ore, CommSec notes. Gold exports rose by 30 per cent in 2016, adding $4.4 billion to export receipts, while iron ore exports rose by 8.4 per cent over the year, adding $4.1 billion to Australia's foreign revenue, chief economist Craig James said. "Australian gold exporters remain amongst the most efficient in the world and the challenge remains to keep production costs down to support margins and profitability," he said. The All Ordinaries gold index has risen more than 40 per cent from recent lows in mid-December. Spot gold is hovering just below three-month highs of $US1244 an ounce the precious metal hit overnight. Political uncertainty around the French elections and Greek debt crisis, as well as controversy over US President Donald Trump's temporary travel ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries have recently boosted gold as a safe-haven asset. "Perhaps the most important factor however, is the complete lack of any coherent economic policy from the new US administration," says OANDA managing director Illka Gobius. "This has taken the wind out of the post-election Trump-flationista's." 12:49pm on 9 Feb 2017 Casino giant Crown will expand its Southbank site to eight hectares after it won approval from the Andrews government to build a $1.75 billion 90-storey tower. Once completed it will be Melbourne's tallest building, at 322 metres, exceeding Eureka Tower by 25 metres. The 1 Queensbridge Street site will be home to a 6-star hotel with 388 rooms and 708 apartments. Premier Daniel Andrews said the project was of "state significance" because it would create 4000 jobs; 3000 during construction and another 1000 once up and running. "It's not just about height though, the quality of this design outcome, particularly the public realm benefits that will be accessible for all Victorians, really mark this out as a very, very special project," Mr Andrews said. Planning Minister Richard Wynne gave approval to the project – which is claimed to represent $2.1 billion in economic benefit - after 12 months of talks with the developer and Melbourne City Council. "This process has been careful, it has been considered," Mr Andrews said.  As part of the deal Crown and developer Schiavello group will pay $100 million towards a community package that will see a $25 million upgrade of Queensbridge square, and $15 million towards Sandridge rail bridge. The Premier said the old rail bridge could be re-imagined to be similar to the famous High Line in New York City. Construction on the 5060 square metre site is hoped to begin as soon as 2018 and will take up to six years to complete. There will be no gaming at the new site, which will be connected to the casino complex by a footbridge over Queensbridge Street. Crown shares are up a touch at $11.23. Read more. Photo: Fairfax Media Back to top 12:16pm on 9 Feb 2017 The sharemarket has just been jolted out of its midday slumber, possibly due to a de-escalatory move by US President Donald Trump. The ASX jumped 20 points and US futures trimmed losses within minutes of wires reporting that Trump sent a letter to China's President Xi Jinping saying he looked forward to working with him "to develop a constructive relationship" that benefits both countries, the White House said in a statement. The letter also thanked Xi for his congratulatory letter on Trump's inauguration and wished the Chinese people a prosperous Year of the Rooster, the statement said. The letter is the first direct communication from Trump to Xi since he moved into the White House on January 20. Trump still hasn't set up a call with Xi since then despite speaking on the phone with more than a dozen world leaders. Trump is under pressure to take some sort of action against China after criticising the nation repeatedly over trade on the campaign trail. In tweets since his election win, Trump has questioned the One-China policy and criticised China's leaders for failing to do more against North Korea. Just last week, he again accused China of manipulating its currency. 12:01pm on 9 Feb 2017 China is likely to feel less pain than other major economies if US President Donald Trump achieves his goal of pushing the US dollar lower, while Europe, Japan and the emerging markets will pay a far higher price, according to top Goldman Sachs economists. Andrew Tilton, Goldman Sachs' chief Asia-Pacific economist said it was difficult to know whether the Trump administration would be persistent in pushing for a weaker US dollar, particularly since some of its policies - including fiscal stimulus and possible tariffs - were likely to result in the currency strengthening. But, he said in an interview with the AFR, a weaker US dollar would likely prove "very difficult for Japan". "It's very hard to see how the Bank of Japan could hope to get inflation back to the 2 per cent level with a stronger currency, particularly since Japan is struggling with this prolonged low inflation - and, for many years, deflation - and it has already done a very large amount of monetary easing and pushed the yield curve down to essentially zero." In contrast, he said there was some alignment between the Trump administration and Beijing because "China would also like a weak dollar." According to Tilton, "at the moment, growth in China is pretty good and inflation pressure looks like it is shifting a bit to the upside. "So in the very short term, having a slightly stronger currency might not be something the Chinese authorities would mind because it might reduce inflationary pressure at the margin, and also discourage capital outflow, which has been a persistent concern." But, he noted, "having said that, given falling potential growth in China and the likelihood of ongoing growth challenges over the next few years, I don't think China wants to see a sustained appreciation in its currency." Tilton said that one reason Beijing is battling large capital outflows is that Chinese businesses and consumers expect that the Chinese currency will depreciate further, particularly versus the US dollar. "Onshore Chinese residents are used to thinking about their currency in comparison with the US dollar. Here's more at the AFR China wouldn't mind a stronger yuan, Goldman says. Photo: Bloomberg 11:41am on 9 Feb 2017 A Canadian investment and insurance company has agreed to buy New Zealand insurer Tower for $NZ197 million ($186.8 million) in cash. Fairfax Financial Holdings [Eds: No relation to the esteemed publisher of this blog] has offered NZ$1.17 a share for Tower, 48 per cent more than Tower's closing price on Wednesday, the companies said in a statement to the New Zealand stock exchange Thursday. Tower's ASX- and NZ-listed stocks have surged by more than 40 per cent to $1.07 and $NZ1.12, respectively. Tower's board has unanimously approved the offer, and two of the company's major shareholders, who hold 18 per cent of the shares, have agreed to vote in favour of the deal The Canadian firm run by Prem Watsa is known for making acquisitions. It agreed in October to buy commercial and consumer units from AIG in nations including Argentina and Turkey. In December, Watsa struck one of his biggest deals ever,the $US4.9 billion buyout of Allied World Assurance Co. Like value investor Warren Buffett, Watsa uses insurance premiums to invest in other industries. Fairfax controls one ofthe biggest stakes in BlackBerry and profited in the US financial crisis by using derivatives to bet against the creditworthiness of US banks and insurers. Tower has fielded an accepted a takeover offer from a Canadian company. Photo: Supplied 11:10am on 9 Feb 2017 Gold is hanging onto most of its strong overnight gains, but interestingly gold stocks are floundering today The yellow metal's spot price is down 0.2 per cent at around $US1240 an ounce, just below a three-month high of $US1244 it hit overnight, while the All Ords gold index has slipped 0.2 per cent, on track for a second day in the red. It might just be that investors are taking a breather from a rally that has seen gold stocks soar more than 40 per cent since mid-December. Investors say the gold price will remain supported by lingering political uncertainty around the Trump administration as well as looming European elections. "There's underlying demand for gold as a hedge against political uncertainties on both sides of the Atlantic," said Ole Hanson, head of commodity strategy at Saxo Bank. "Retracements have been quite shallow the past couple of weeks, especially the signal that gold wasn't going down when the dollar started going up," he added. 10:46am on 9 Feb 2017 Rio Tinto's surprise move to start a share buyback and reward investors with a bigger-than-expected dividend of $US3.1 billion has laid down a marker to mining rivals benefiting from higher commodity prices. BHP Billiton, Anglo American and Glencore will publish results later this month. Like Rio, which late yesterday reported its first profit increase since 2013, they're expected to see a rise in profits thanks to higher iron ore, coal, zinc and nickel prices. "All three are likely to follow Rio's steps of increasing returns to shareholders in some fashion," said Jeremy Sussman, an analyst at Clarksons Platou Securities. "Once one of the majors starts on this path, we typically see others follow. Glencore actually began this trend in the fourth quarter by reinstating its dividend, though Rio took it to another level today." But if investors liked Rio's cash splash, they're not showing it in today's trade, with the stock down 0.7 per cent at $65.25. The stock initially rallied as much as 3.5 per cent in London overnight, but closed 1.7 per cent lower as traders digested the results. The top producers are emerging from a crippling downturn that forced them to cut costs, sell shares and under-performing assets and in some cases scrap dividends to repair debt-laden balance sheets. The speed of the industry's turnaround that enabled Rio to return surplus cash to investors has surprised market analysts and mining executives alike. Rio's cash splash ups the pressure on other mining giants to follow suit. Photo: Rob Homer Back to top 10:16am on 9 Feb 2017 Sales of new homes in edged higher in December, a solid result given it built upon a sharp rebound the month before. The Housing Industry Association said its survey of large-volume builders showed new home sales rose a seasonally adjusted 0.2 per cent in December from November, when they jumped 6.1 per cent. Sales of houses dipped 1.6 per cent, while apartment sales climbed 6.4 per cent. New home sales hit a two year low in October last year, but recovered well in November and December, the HIA said, adding the late 2016 results were strong for the sales of 'multi-units', while detached house sales remained in "reasonable shape". "The strong finish to 2016 for new home sales admittedly follows a very weak month in October," said HIA chief economist Harley Dale. "Obviously it is better that new home sales bounced back rather than kept falling. "The overall profile for both HIA new home sales and ABS building approvals is consistent with the first stage of the down cycle in new home commencements being a mild one. We expect this down cycle to begin in 2017." 9:44am on 9 Feb 2017 In the next case of twitchy tweet fingers, President Donald Trump blasted department store chain Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka's clothing line, prompting critics to accuse him of misusing public office to benefit his family's sprawling business empire. After Trump's highly unusual move to use a White House platform to intervene in a commercial matter involving his daughter, Nordstrom reiterated that its action last week was based on declining sales of the Ivanka Trump products. But White House spokesman Sean Spicer characterised the move as a "direct attack" on the president's policies. My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 Somewhat surprisingly, on a day when the S&P 500 Index was flat, Nordstrom shares enjoyed a fantastic rally, closing 4 per cent higher after initially dipping on the President's tweet. TJX, whose T.J. Maxx and Marshalls chains removed Ivanka displays, also posted strong gains. It seems, investors have taken the view that a chiding from Trump will turn shopping into an act of profitable protest. Thank you #TJMax and #Nordstrom for taking a stand and standing with the majority of your shoppers! My 2 new favorite places to shop :)— Cailin O'Connor (@CailinEOC) February 8, 2017 "This is misuse of public office for private gains," said Richard Painter, who served as Republican president George W. Bush's chief ethics lawyer. "And it is abuse of power because the official message is clear - Nordstrom is persona non grata with the administration." The wealthy New York real estate developer who became president on January 20 has declined to sell off his businesses despite demands from critics that he do so to avoid thorny conflicts of interest. Trump on January 11 said he would maintain ownership of his global business empire but hand off control to his two oldest sons during his presidency. Trump's web of international companies remains a bit opaque since he has refused to release his tax returns, which experts have said would provide a clearer view of his business interests. Ethics experts have said Trump's arrangement does little to address potential conflicts because he would still know what assets he owned, such as Trump-branded golf courses and hotels, and his family would continue to profit from them. Nordstrom said it informed Ivanka Trump about its decision in early January. "Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn't make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now," the retailer said. Some retailers continue to carry Ivanka Trump products but others have backed away. The move by the retailers comes amid an ongoing campaign called #GrabYourWallet, which encourages shoppers to boycott products with ties to President Trump, his family and his donors. Usage of the hashtag on Twitter rose dramatically on Wednesday. Since winning the presidential election on November 8, Trump has castigated specific companies on Twitter but this was his first tweet involving a business tied to his family since the victory. Donald Trump has blasted Nordstrom for dumping his daughter's products - due to declining sales, the department store chain says.  9:31am on 9 Feb 2017 Shares have shaken off another downbeat overseas lead, helped along by well received trading updates from AMP and AGL. The ASX 200 is 13 points or 0.2 per cent higher at 5665, with gains in the big banks providing the backbone for the morning's rise. NAB is the best of the Big Four, up 0.9 per cent, while Westpac is up 0.6 per cent, ANZ 0.2 per cent and CBA a modest 0.1 per cent. Suncorp is up 1.1 per cent following its profits report, while AMP is up 3.2 per cent and AGL 2.1 per cent after providing their own updates to the market - both of which involved bigger shareholder returns. Miners are dragging on a broadly higher market. Rio is down 0.7 per cent despite what looked like a pretty decent report, and BHP is off 1.3 per cent and South32 1.5 per cent. The exception once again are gold producers, that continue to enjoy the renewed investor appetite for the precious metal. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 this morning. Photo: Bloomberg 9:10am on 9 Feb 2017 SPONSORED POST Markets are poised and ready to jump - but which way? asks IG analyst Gary Burton: Our [Aussie equity] benchmark has traded in a 3.6 per cent range for the past 40 days. These types of consolidations usually end badly for one side of the market, the short sellers forced to close positions if the market breaks higher and the long positions forced out if the market moves lower. Rio reported in London earnings per share of $5.38, with 320 million tonnes of iron ore shipped and 580,000 tonnes of copper produced, which China soaked up into the expanding infrastructure programs. It is interesting to note that Rio has worked to offload the coal assets but retained the iron ore as the keeper, and are willing to expend this area of the business. A share buyback and dividend increase failed to impress the market. Read more. 8:59am on 9 Feb 2017 Analysts believe Rio Tinto is entering a phase of strong returns to shareholders, in a turnaround from the dividend cuts announced across the big end of the mining sector just a year ago. Rio easily beat expectations for its full-year dividend to be about $US1.33 yesterday after the market closed, when it announced a $US1.70 fully franked dividend and a $US500 million share buyback. The strong payout was enabled by a sharp reduction in the miner's debt levels, and when asked whether he believed Rio was entering an era of strong returns, Clive Burstow from Barings Asset Management's London-based Global Resources Fund said; "Yes, I do actually." "They obviously have confidence in the business over the next three years, the CEO said on the call we have confidence over our growth expenditure, I would expect therefore there to be a good period of returns to shareholders on the back of that," he said.  "Obviously the unknown in all of that is what commodity prices will do, but if you accept that commodity prices are in a reasonably well supported phase fundamentally, then yes I think as a shareholder you can expect to see some reasonable returns to your account. Analysts are also fuelling expectations that Rio could pay out even higher dividends, with most saying there was still upside for next year despite more being spent on shareholder returns on Wednesday than had been expected. But not all Rio shareholders agree; Craig Evans from Tribeca Investment Partners's Sydney-based Global Natural Resources fund said he was more focused on growth rather than dividends, but there were upsides from the latter. "We don't necessarily need the dividend, we would love to see them investing in some growth, but we are very aware that a strong dividend adds value to the share price to keep the more yield-hungry investors happy," he said. Rio Tinto easily beat dividend expectations.  Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 138 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Government Plans To Slash Youth ... Contains: External link Dick Pratt's Family Donated Way More To ... Contains: External link Most Popular Now it's back to business as usual, bring on the wage rises Wall Street jumps to record on 'phenomenal' tax hopes NSW's biggest power user Tomago pleads for AGL not to curb supply 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' Domino's needs to face up to itself Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Brisbane Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' Now it's back to business as usual, bring on the wage rises Palmer's nephew and wife did $135m deal days before company failed: Court Beware: 'private' social media comments can get you sacked Wall Street jumps to record on 'phenomenal' tax hopes Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death Canberra Times Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise Brisbane Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Brisbane Times Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead Trump's $22 billion wall Intel shares downgraded on concern profit margin may decline At least one analyst on Wall Street isn't giving up on Twitter Deutsche Bank strategist becomes biggest bull on Street Morning Top 10 Cowen downgrades Twitter after revenue miss, advises clients to stay away Breakingviews: Twitter CEO’s excuses look like fake news Buy Tesla before earnings report later this month because sales likely to beat the Street, analyst says Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Thursday morning BMO's Jack Ablin says foreign stocks could outperform this year Hedge fund managers may be too bullish on bank stocks JPMorgan says negative reaction to GM's earnings may be 'overdone' As Apple and Facebook lead Nasdaq to a record, here are the next potential winners IPO reveals Snap is less of a threat to Facebook than feared, analyst says This 'Rust Belt' bank is a great economic growth play, Goldman Sachs says 10 most important morning stories Twitter to rally nearly 40% on Trump, analyst says 5 stocks that will rally on Trump's tax plan, analyst says Biogen to rally on this next $1 billion blockbuster drug, Citi says Caterpillar to rally nearly 20% on mining turnaround, Barclays says 10 most important morning stories RBC tells clients to stick with dividend stocks, names 10 cheap dividend plays Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Bernstein says Delta to rally 28% on increased business travel Rally in FedEx could continue as global business gets a boost from TNT: Analyst Buy Apple because it may double its dividend, RBC says Tiffany downgraded because executives keep unexpectedly leaving the jewelry maker 10 most important morning stories Breakingviews: Snap IPO draft sounds more like GoPro’s Top strategist Tom Lee says bank stock rally on Trump only halfway through Jefferies says these stocks should beat the market if inflation increases Buy Ford because a Trump border tax would hurt GM, Chrysler more, Barclays says 10 most important morning stories Here are the winners and losers under a Trump border tax, Barclays says Breakingviews: Facebook torrid growth turns up heat on Snap Someone bet $4 million that stocks will post a big drop by Monday JPMorgan: Trump's growing protectionist stance may hit market, protect yourself Wall Street wrap: Analysts get even more bullish on Facebook after earnings Here are the highlights from Dan Loeb's new investor letter 10 most important morning stories Breakingviews: Apple could surprise investors this year Morgan Stanley downgrades this self-driving play on rising competition Amgen upgraded by Bank of America a day after CEO meets Trump Bernstein downgrades Apple supplier Corning on valuation These 7 retail stocks could come under pressure as Amazon kills the mall 10 most important morning stories Breakingviews on Under Armour’s founder-led approach This stock could be among those hardest hit if Trump cracks down on work visas This chart shows February market stumbles are common under new presidents Facebook's earnings will win on strong ad demand, JPMorgan says Jefferies says it's not too late to buy financial stocks, upgrades sector to overweight 10 most important morning stories American Express to rally nearly 20% on cost-cutting, Trump's tax plan: Analyst Breakingviews: Trump’s stock-market rally has no clothes Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Goldman: Trump rally has another 5% to go before political uncertainty sinks it Apple to miss expectations on weak iPhone demand, JPMorgan says A February market pullback is coming, chart analyst says. Here's why Buy Disney as it forges streaming deals for ESPN, Morgan Stanley says Santoli: Finding stock survivors amid the dying shopping mall Here are 5 stocks that will rise on a Trump border tax, Strategas says Weiss: Here's how hedge funds are setting up for next week After 20,000 milestone, finding cheap Dow stocks gets harder. Here are 3 Strategist Tom Lee recommends these 6 value stocks for the Trump economy This industrial stock could thrive if Trump revitalizes American manufacturing Ford in better position than GM to benefit from Trump, RBC says This steel play will rally more than 20% this year on Trump, JPMorgan says Deutsche Bank sees Goldman, JPMorgan as best bets in banks Buy these 3 retail 'top picks' for 2017, Deutsche Bank says Facebook to report solid earnings, Pacific Crest predicts Johnson & Johnson downgraded by Wells Fargo on slowing sales concern Here's why chart experts say the Dow 20,000 breakout is for real Dow at 20,000 still looks cheap considering earnings growth ahead: strategists Goldman Sachs believes these stocks will lead the Dow to its next milestone This airline will rally at least 20% this year on fare increases, valuation, JPMorgan says 10 most important morning stories Barclays says these 8 small and mid-cap stocks are ready to pop Buy these 3 stocks because of their successful new drugs, JPMorgan says This cloud software play will rally more than 40% this year, Citi says Here are 3 FANG stocks to buy for earnings season, Jefferies says Apple downgraded on concern that consumers will take longer to buy new iPhones Three stocks that could rally on earnings, according to Morgan Stanley Breakingviews: Foxconn’s U.S. bet goes beyond politics Investors worried about President Trump should buy these stocks, Goldman says Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Intel to rally 16% this year as earnings beat expectations, Pacific Crest says Verizon downgraded on concern end of phone subsidies will lead to sales decline Qualcomm downgraded on lawsuits by FTC, Apple 10 most important morning stories Tech investor Paul Meeks: This heavily shorted stock may pop like loaded spring Ignore earnings season and focus on Trump's agenda, Goldman Sachs says Buy Alphabet on potential YouTube TV, Pacific Crest says Deutsche Bank downgrades CSX, tells clients to avoid chasing this week's rally Facebook to rally 18% this year on higher ad pricing, Pacific Crest says BMO's Jack Ablin: Stock market is overvalued by 5 to 10 percent This stock will rally nearly 20% this year, Goldman Sachs says UBS downgrades Exxon to sell on stretched valuations, predicts 11% pullback Wells Fargo downgrades Coca-Cola on earnings risk, valuation › Pro Analysis JPMorgan says negative reaction to GM's earnings may be 'overdone,' recommends scooping up the stock Giovanny Moreano | @GiovannyMoreano Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 4:24 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Matthew Busch | Bloomberg | Getty Images An employee carries a headliner to be installed onto a vehicle at the General Motors assembly plant in Arlington, Texas. The pullback in General Motors' stock this week following its earnings release may be "overdone," JPMorgan told clients on Wednesday, advising them to use the drop as a buying opportunity. "Essentially, the quarter was neither here nor there, in stark contrast to the share price reaction, and we believe GM remains well positioned to grow EPS in 2017, contrary to consensus; as such, we reiterate our overweight rating and recommend taking advantage of the pullback in GM shares by adding to positions," equity analyst Ryan Brinkman wrote in a research note. On Tuesday, GM reported earnings and revenue figures that exceeded analysts' expectations, but the stock fell nearly 5 percent on concern North American sales are near a top. "We believe GM EPS has not peaked and continue to forecast stronger results in 2017 vs. 2016," Brinkman said. Giovanny MoreanoInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GM --- Pro Analysis Traders betting these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations next week Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead Breakingviews:The $22 billion Trump wall is a bad investment choice Intel shares downgraded on concern profit margin may decline At least one analyst on Wall Street isn't giving up on Twitter To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intercontinental Hotels Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intercontinental Hotels Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Intercontinental Hotels Group (IHG) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Intercontinental Hotels Group (NYSE:IHG) has been given an average recommendation of “Hold” by the twelve brokerages that are covering the company. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $44.00. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on IHG shares. Barclays PLC upgraded shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. MKM Partners restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $44.00 price objective (down previously from $47.00) on shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Beaufort Securities restated a “buy” rating on shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group in a research report on Monday, October 24th. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its position in shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group by 546.0% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 165,015 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,870,000 after buying an additional 139,472 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group by 49.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 145,511 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,458,000 after buying an additional 47,883 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP bought a new position in shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group during the second quarter valued at about $609,000. Investment Centers of America Inc. increased its position in shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group by 138.6% in the second quarter. Investment Centers of America Inc. now owns 26,249 shares of the company’s stock valued at $984,000 after buying an additional 15,249 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Stifel Financial Corp bought a new position in shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group during the second quarter valued at about $261,000. Institutional investors own 6.05% of the company’s stock. Intercontinental Hotels Group (NYSE:IHG) traded down 0.17% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $47.10. The stock had a trading volume of 49,119 shares. Intercontinental Hotels Group has a 12-month low of $34.63 and a 12-month high of $50.51. The firm has a market cap of $10.74 billion, a P/E ratio of 9.56 and a beta of 1.28. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $45.62 and a 200 day moving average price of $42.59. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Intercontinental Hotels Group (IHG) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/intercontinental-hotels-group-ihg-given-average-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. About Intercontinental Hotels Group InterContinental Hotels Group PLC is a hotel company. The Company operates hotels in three ways: as a franchisor, as a manager, and on an owned and leased basis. The Company’s segments include Americas; Europe; Asia, Middle East and Africa (AMEA); Greater China, and Central. The Company operates a portfolio of hotel brands, including InterContinental, HUALUXE Hotels and Resorts, Kimpton Hotels and Restaurants, Crowne Plaza, Hotel Indigo, EVEN Hotels, Holiday Inn, Holiday Inn Express, Staybridge Suites and Candlewood Suites. Receive News & Ratings for Intercontinental Hotels Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intercontinental Hotels Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close mixed as banks post a 3-day losing streak CNBC Fred Imbert 2 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Why are yields falling? CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal.0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal.1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters1:31 UP NEXT Stocks closed mixed Wednesday as financials led decliners and oil rebounded after the release of key supply data. The Dow fell 35 points, with Goldman Sachs contributing the most losses. Apple, another Dow component, traded near its all-time high. The index had fallen about 75 points at session lows. Quotes in the article Alaska Air Group Inc ALK ▼ 97.35 -1.06 -1.08% GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd GLAXO ▲ 2,744.70 +8.85 +0.32% Allergan PLC AGN ▲ 246.36 +0.68 +0.28% Time Warner Inc TWX ▲ 96.58 +0.21 +0.22% AdChoices The S&P 500 ended little changed, with real estate outperforming and financials falling 0.7 percent. The Nasdaq gained 0.15 percent. Pressuring the financials sector were bank stocks, as the SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) and the Regional Banking ETF (KRE) dropped around 1 percent, posting a three-day losing streak. Bank stocks have been some of the best performers since President Donald Trump's election, as market participants bet on corporate tax cuts, deregulation and government spending. "A deviation from that will be perceived as a negative," said Rob Bartenstein, CEO of Kestra Private Wealth Services. "My overarching belief here is that this policy grind — where we shift from expectation to implementation — will bring some volatility into the market." Recently, however, equities have mostly traded in a tight range, as market participants seek out more details regarding Trump's policies. "It's almost like we're caught in a swamp. The market just can't seem to move one way or the other," said Ryan Detrick, senior market strategist at LPL Financial. "Earnings and economic news have been pretty good, ... but, at the same time, the market is looking at Washington out the corner of its eye." He also noted the S&P was on track to post its 37th straight day without a 1 percent trading range. Investors also focused on oil prices, with crude futures for March delivery rising 0.33 percent to settle at $52.34 a barrel, with the Energy Information Administration reporting a 13.8 million barrels increase in oil inventories. The American Petroleum Institute said Tuesday that inventories rose by 14.2 million barrels the week of Feb. 3, sharply above the expected 2.5 million barrels increase. "The resurgence of U.S shale amid the rising oil could undermine the efforts of OPEC and Non-OPEC members in mitigating the global oversupply consequently leaving oil prices vulnerable," said Lukman Otunuga, research analyst at FXTM, in a note. "There is a threat of the OPEC production cut deal falling apart in the future if U.S shale continues to pump incessantly." WTI had traded about 1 percent lower shortly after the EIA's release before turning positive. "We've had pretty steady oil prices for a while, but we've gotten some volatility recently," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab. "But in general, it doesn't become a drag or a benefit on the market as long as it stays in that $50-to-$55 range." The S&P energy sector led decliners Tuesday, capping gains in the overall stock market. The Dow and Nasdaq hit record highs Tuesday. "At the same time, you're seeing capital being allocated into other areas of the market, such as metals," said Adam Sarhan, CEO of 50 Park Investments. Metals futures were all up more than 1 percent for the week. Gold futures for April delivery gained $3.40 to settle at $1,239.50 per ounce. "I look at buying gold as buying stocks back in March of 2009," said Sarhan, noting valuations for the precious metal are stretched to the downside. There are no major economic data due Wednesday, but investors kept a close eye on earnings. Allergan, GlaxoSmithKline, Time Warner and Alaska Air are among the major companies that reported earnings before the bell. Whole Foods, CenturyLink, Fiserv and Prudential Financial are all due to report after the market close. Dow component Walt Disney posted mixed quarterly results Tuesday after the close, as earnings per share topped analyst expectations while sales fell short. As of Wednesday morning, 64 percent of S&P 500 companies had posted quarterly results, with 69 percent of those firms topping earnings estimates, while 52 percent have beaten sales expectations, according to data from The Earnings Scout. The U.S. dollar slipped against a basket of currencies, with the euro near $1.068 and the yen around 112.20. U.S. Treasurys held higher after a $23 billion auction of 10-year notes, which saw weak demand, with the benchmark 10-year note yield falling to 2.364 percent and the short-term two-year note holding near 1.161 percent. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 11.3. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Caution follows records Thursday, 9 February 2017, 9:23 am Article: BusinessDesk Thursday 09 February 2017 08:00 AM While you were sleeping: Caution follows records By Margreet Dietz Feb. 9 (BusinessDesk) - US Treasuries advanced, while Wall Street was mixed, as investors weighed the impact of political uncertainty on both sides of the Atlantic on corporate profits. Gold, another safe-haven investment, also gained. Wall Street fluctuated even as the latest round of corporate earnings has generally exceeded expectations. Both the Dow and the Nasdaq touched record highs the previous day. In 1.22pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 percent, while, in 1.06pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index inched 0.01 percent lower. The Nasdaq Composite Index eked out a 0.03 percent gain. It’s the first quarter in eight that S&P 500 Index profits will rise fast enough to pronounce an end to the earnings recession, according to Bloomberg. However, investors have been cautious. “Companies that have beaten expectations haven’t been rewarded as much as usual, at least so far this earnings season,” Dan Suzuki, senior equity strategist at Bank of America’s Merrill Lynch unit, told Bloomberg. In the Dow, declines in shares of JPMorgan Chase and those of Caterpillar, recently down 1.4 percent and 0.8 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Nike and those of Verizon, which recently traded 1.4 percent and 0.9 percent higher respectively. In the latest deal news, shares of Tesaro jumed, trading 13.4 percent higher as of 1.25pm in New York. The US biopharmaceutical company is discussing its options with investment banks after receiving acquisition interest from several drugmakers, Reuters reported, citing people familiar with the matter. Tesaro is not actively exploring a sale, the people said this week, noting that there is a significant gap over the company's valuation between Tesaro and potential acquirers, according to Reuters. However, Tesaro is speaking to investment banks, including Citigroup about its strategy and how to best respond to such overtures, the people added. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.3 percent gain from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index edged 0.04 percent higher, while France’s CAC 40 Index added 0.3 percent. Germany’s DAX Index slipped 0.05 percent. Shares of Syngenta rose after the Swiss seeds and pesticide maker that is being bought by China National Chemical for US$43 billion said both companies are confident the deal will close. “ChemChina and Syngenta have made significant progress towards achieving the necessary regulatory approvals and closing the transaction,” Syngenta said in a statement discussing its latest earnings. Both companies “are confident of its closure,” Syngenta said, adding its expects it to close in the second quarter. Syngenta shares closed 1.1 percent higher in Zurich. (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Inflated Prices? Government To Investigate Fuel Market Returns Energy and Resources Minister Judith Collins has today announced a Market Study into fuel prices/returns to be undertaken by the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE). More>> Money: Inflation Hits Poor Households Hardest Beneficiaries and low-spending households experienced the highest inflation over the past year, Statistics NZ said today. Their overall costs increased 1.4 percent. This was more than double the rate of inflation experienced by New Zealand's highest spenders. More>> ALSO: Labour - Costs of National's housing crisis hit middle NZ hardest - Skyrocketing Wellington rents pile on the pressure Greens - Real cost of living reveals unbalanced NZ economy Trade Me Property - Capital city tenants struggle amidst record-breaking rents Reserve Bank: Official Cash Rate Unchanged At 1.75 Percent The Reserve Bank today left the Official Cash Rate (OCR) unchanged at 1.75 percent... Recent moderation in house price inflation is welcome, and in part reflects loan-to-value ratio restrictions and higher mortgage rates. More>> ALSO: Century 21 Real Estate - No ORC change shows market already working, says head Canstar - OCR Announcement - Canstar Comments HiFX - RBNZ Official Cash Rate Decision - No Change - NZD Lower Lending: Minister Requests Cost-Benefit Analysis On Debt To Income Limits A full cost-benefit analysis on Debt-to-Income (DTI) limits and public consultation will be conducted by the Reserve Bank before any decision is made on the potential use of the macro-prudential policy tool, Finance Minister Steven Joyce says. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Joyce seeks cost-benefit on debt-to-income lending rules ACT - Major flaw in debt-to-income limits flagged Mark Your Fiscal Calendar: 2017 Budget To Be Presented On 25 May The Government's 2017 Budget will be delivered on Thursday 25 May, and will be centred on providing opportunities for all Kiwis to get ahead, Finance Minister Steven Joyce says. More>> ALSO: ACT - National leaves ACT alone in tax cut commitment Caritas Aotearoa - Budget 2017 must prioritise community wellbeing Spencer to be Acting Governor: Reserve Bank' Wheeler Not Seeking Another Term Reserve Bank Governor Graeme Wheeler today announced that he will not be seeking a second term as Governor when his current term ends on 26 September this year. More>> ALSO: Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate unchanged at 1.75 percent BusinessDesk - Big shake-up for RBNZ: Wheeler to Sept; Spencer to fill in NZ Govt - Spencer to be Acting Governor of Reserve Bank Greens - A chance for a Reserve Bank refresh ACT - ACT congratulates Graeme Wheeler on his tenure NZ Property Institute - Property Institute calls for review of Reserve Bank targets Unsold Energy: No Buyer For Spring Creek Mine Leads To Closure Despite an exhaustive sales process Solid Energy has been unsuccessful in securing a buyer for Spring Creek Mine and has reluctantly taken the decision to close the mine. Spring Creek Mine has been in care and maintenance since 2012 when production was stopped following a review of the mine’s economic viability. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Solid Energy to close Spring Creek mine, no buyers emerged E tu - E tū: sadness at job losses as Spring Creek closes Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Skipton launches upgraded expat mortgage calculator 9:15 PM | Skipton International Leadership changes at Clemenger BBDO and Proximity 10/02/17 | Joint Press Release NZ lamb wool weakens further at auction 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Chorus and Vector fall 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk Trustpower sees small gain for 2017 earnings 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk New Zealand dollar heads for 1.7% weekly fall 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk Could Wheeler be last RBNZ governor to call the shots alone? 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk More   RSS Change to cannabis approval 10/02/17 | Science Media Centre Study of mutant sheep provides exciting new opportunities 10/02/17 | AgResearch Hearing and balance disorders focus for new centre 10/02/17 | University of Auckland Southwest Pacific Tropical Cyclone Outlook Update 10/02/17 | NIWA Local Environmentalist, International Recognition 10/02/17 | Environment Institute of Austra... Researchers awarded funds to tackle diabetes 09/02/17 | University of Otago Drone swarm to locate people post-disaster 09/02/17 | University of Canterbury More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech The enduring charm of VDSL 05 Feb | Bill Bennett Oppo phones coming to NZ 9:47 PM | Bill Bennett Hawaiki submarine-cable on track for mid-2018 laun... 18 Jan | Bill Bennett NZ IT spending to climb 2.3 percent in 2017 4:14 AM | Bill Bennett NZ Tech Podcast 316: Ten years of Apple iPhone 1:26 AM | Bill Bennett Lenovo Miix 510: A Surface Pro 4 for less 12 Jan | Bill Bennett On switching from Mac to Windows, or Windows to Ma... 11 Jan | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Skipton launches upgraded expat mortgage calculato... 7:15 PM | admin Significant step towards new cycling and walking t... 6:58 PM | admin Leadership changes at Clemenger BBDO and Proximity 09 Feb | admin NZ lamb wool weakens further at auction 09 Feb | admin MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Chorus and Vector fa... 09 Feb | admin Trustpower sees small gain for 2017 earnings 09 Feb | admin New Zealand dollar heads for 1.7% weekly fall 09 Feb | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 11:09pm Sat 11 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Caution follows record highs 8:44 AM Thursday Feb 9, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets Investors are weighing the impact of political uncertainty on both sides of the Atlantic on corporate profits. Photo / Bloomberg US Treasuries advanced, while Wall Street was mixed, as investors weighed the impact of political uncertainty on both sides of the Atlantic on corporate profits. Gold, another safe-haven investment, also gained. Wall Street fluctuated even as the latest round of corporate earnings has generally exceeded expectations. Both the Dow and the Nasdaq touched record highs the previous day. In 1.22pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 per cent, while, in 1.06pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index inched 0.01 per cent lower. The Nasdaq Composite Index eked out a 0.03 per cent gain. It's the first quarter in eight that S&P 500 Index profits will rise fast enough to pronounce an end to the earnings recession, according to Bloomberg. However, investors have been cautious. "Companies that have beaten expectations haven't been rewarded as much as usual, at least so far this earnings season," Dan Suzuki, senior equity strategist at Bank of America's Merrill Lynch unit, told Bloomberg. In the Dow, declines in shares of JPMorgan Chase and those of Caterpillar, recently down 1.4 per cent and 0.8 per cent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Nike and those of Verizon, which recently traded 1.4 per cent and 0.9 per cent higher respectively. In the latest deal news, shares of Tesaro jumed, trading 13.4 per cent higher as of 1.25pm in New York. The US biopharmaceutical company is discussing its options with investment banks after receiving acquisition interest from several drugmakers, Reuters reported, citing people familiar with the matter. Tesaro is not actively exploring a sale, the people said this week, noting that there is a significant gap over the company's valuation between Tesaro and potential acquirers, according to Reuters. However, Tesaro is speaking to investment banks, including Citigroup about its strategy and how to best respond to such overtures, the people added. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.3 per cent gain from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index edged 0.04 per cent higher, while France's CAC 40 Index added 0.3 percent. Continued below. Related Content Diana Clement: KiwiSaver break really not as good as it sounds Your views: Readers letters' Rodney Hide: Trump trumps naysayers Germany's DAX Index slipped 0.05 per cent. Shares of Syngenta rose after the Swiss seeds and pesticide maker that is being bought by China National Chemical for US$43 billion said both companies are confident the deal will close. "ChemChina and Syngenta have made significant progress towards achieving the necessary regulatory approvals and closing the transaction," Syngenta said in a statement discussing its latest earnings. Both companies "are confident of its closure," Syngenta said, adding its expects it to close in the second quarter. Syngenta shares closed 1.1 per cent higher in Zurich. - BusinessDesk Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Inside the ethical brothel: Selling sex out of the shadows More than a decade since controversial law reform, a brothel owner says her modern establishment… Hawke's Bay Today Frustrated cricket fans left in dark during Napier ODI Cricket fans were left bored, frustrated and angry as what was supposed to be an exciting… Bay of Plenty Times Two house fires break out in North Island Two serious house fires have broken out in the North Island. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Leitch survives monster crash, Piquet closes TRS title fight Piquet closes in on TRS championship, but is overshadowed by massive crash... Viva Easy dinner: Four-cheese tarts recipe Indulge in these cheese tarts for a special occasion True Commercial Freeman's Bay site has development plans An industrial property on the fringe of Auckland's central business district has been… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 11 Feb 2017 23:09:17 Processing Time: 484ms
Contact Newsagent Login Top Stories Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Saturday, 11 February 2017, 11:09pm Meanwhile In NZ: PM To Shear At World Championships Environment: Possible Marine Oil Spill, Oamaru | Advisory #2 Labour Selections: Poto Williams On Willie Jackson Meeting Rising Rents: Inflation Hits Poor Households Hardest | More Interest Rates: Official Cash Rate Unchanged At 1.75 Percent Friendly: Scoop Goes Mobile Interested: Scoop Community Survey 2017 Wellington.Scoop: Decongesting Traffic – Without More Roads Howard Davis: Get It On, Bang A Gong, Pt I Gordon Campbell: On The Looming Conflict Over The Iranian Nuclear Deal Just in case war breaks out over the weekend… for the past 10 days or so, the court rulings on President Trump’s travel ban have dominated the news out of the United States. At the same time, a more serious threat has been gathering in intensity. Iran and the Trump administration are on a collision course over Iran’s testing of ballistic missiles, which Iran maintains are a valid part of its domestic defence planning. The US, via Trump’s national security adviser Michael Flynn, has put Iran “on notice” and imposed fresh sanctions. Undaunted, Iran has continued to test more missiles. More>>   EDITORS PICKS SITEWIDE MOST READ 1. Gordon Campbell on the Bill English phone call, La La Land, and jazz 2. John Quiggin on Australia's flirtations with Trumpism 3. Ministry of Health to Decide on Cannabis-based Products 4. Salvation Army Report: NZ Social Policies Off Track 5. Auditor-General's report on CERA 6. Syria: mass hangings and extermination at Saydnaya Prison 7. Reserve Bank Governor not seeking another term, Acting Governor appointed News Alerts 1 The Beginning and the End of the TPPA | Jordan McCluskey 2 TPPA ministerial fails - time for NZ Govt. to cut losses | Professor Jane Kelsey 3 Yelawolf Announces Headline Auckland Show | Great Things 4 No TPP deal in Maui, but Groser 'extremely confident' | BusinessDesk 5 House price expectations highest since survey began in 1996 | ASB Bank 6 iHeartRadio New Zealand presents Adam Lambert | Niki Schuck 7 Scoop's #FutureOfNews Challenge & Solution - A ''New Scoop'' | Alastair Thompson More News Alerts LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Skipton launches upgraded expat mortgage calculator 9:15 PM | Skipton International Leadership changes at Clemenger BBDO and Proximity 10/02/17 | Joint Press Release NZ lamb wool weakens further at auction 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Chorus and Vector fall 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk Trustpower sees small gain for 2017 earnings 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk New Zealand dollar heads for 1.7% weekly fall 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk Could Wheeler be last RBNZ governor to call the shots alone? 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk More   RSS Change to cannabis approval 10/02/17 | Science Media Centre Study of mutant sheep provides exciting new opportunities 10/02/17 | AgResearch Hearing and balance disorders focus for new centre 10/02/17 | University of Auckland Southwest Pacific Tropical Cyclone Outlook Update 10/02/17 | NIWA Local Environmentalist, International Recognition 10/02/17 | Environment Institute of Austra... Researchers awarded funds to tackle diabetes 09/02/17 | University of Otago Drone swarm to locate people post-disaster 09/02/17 | University of Canterbury More   RSS     Creating a future for Independent Media in New Zealand   Donate  Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter     Breaking News   NEW ZEALAND POLITICS > >   On Application: Historical Homosexual Offence Convictions Eligible To Be Wiped The Government will introduce a new scheme to address historical convictions for homosexual offences, Justice Minister Amy Adams has announced. More>> ALSO: Labour - Labour welcomes move to quash convictions National - Foster-Bell welcomes wiping of gay convictions Rainbow Wellington - Government quashing of homosexual convictions welcomed UK The Peter Tatchell Foundation - Gay pardons for up to 100,000 men welcomed ANZ Bank - LGBTI community less comfortable holding hands Before Reforms: Research Shows Poor Outcomes For People Coming Off Benefit Labour: SUPERU analysed statistical data of former beneficiaries from 2010 to 2011 to determine the outcomes two years after coming off the benefit. Their findings show that only 33 per cent were in employment, and only 8 per cent were in study. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - More research into off-benefit outcomes Open Letter: Mental Health Workers Raise The Alarm In an open letter published today in the Dominion Post, Mental Health workers took the unusual step of speaking out publicly about their grave concerns about Mental Health treatment resources in the Capital Coast District Health Board catchment. More>> Salvation Army Report: New Zealand Social Policies Off Track New Zealand’s efforts to provide adequate housing, reduce child poverty and stop re-offending have gone off track says The Salvation Army. Government needs to urgently address these failures by developing effective policy approaches and action to address these social deficits. More>> ALSO: Labour - Government still failing Kiwi kids in poverty - Where’s the leadership? English refuses housing debate - Time for English to show leadership on housing - English pulling a fast one on state house build Greens - Change of Govt key to ending child poverty NZ First - PM’S ‘Fresh Ideas’ on Poverty Did Nothing for Kiwi Kids - National Cannot Deny Immigration is Fuelling Housing Crisis ACT - Seymour offers to stand in for PM in housing debate Child Poverty Action Group - New Zealand off the track with child wellbeing Lifewise - Housing not just about providing a roof Trade Me Property - Capital city tenants struggle amidst record-breaking rents NZ Herald - The New Zealand Herald debuts first long-form documentary Dunne: Ministry Of Health To Decide On Cannabis-Based Products Following his decision on 1 December last year to remove the requirement for Ministry of Health approval to prescribe Sativex for Multiple Sclerosis, Associate Health Minister Peter Dunne has today delegated decision-making for the prescribing of all cannabis-based products to the Ministry of Health. More>> ALSO: Science Media Centre - Change to cannabis approval Peter Dunne - Dunne Speaks: Better access to Cannabis Based Medicines Greens - Medical cannabis changes a positive but small step ActionStation - Over 5,500 ActionStation members sign petition Cannabis Party - 'Medical cannabis products' are pharmaceutical cannabinoids NORML - Medicinal cannabis changes will make little difference Family First NZ - Govt, Be Cautious Of Smokescreen Around Medicinal Marijuana William Rea - Wellington Cannabis Rally Science Media Centre - Change to approval for medicinal cannabis Grey Power NZ - Medical cannabis Auditor-General's Report: Flaws In CERA Operation And Controls In our view, CERA did well early on in the recovery... However, CERA found it challenging to maintain momentum. Its role became less clear as it took on more responsibility for delivering more projects and programmes. More>> Gordon Campbell: On The Bill English Phone Call, La La Land, And The Travel Ban From afar, it has been enlightening for all of us to see that a district court judge in Washington state could (temporarily at least) block a Presidential executive order on immigration – even when the order in question was issued (supposedly) to protect national security... More>> ALSO: Image Lyndon Hood - That’s The Way You Do It John Quiggin - On Australia’s flirtations with Trumpism Binoy Kampmark - The Courts versus Donald Trump LATEST HEADLINES PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL $50k to support LGBTI young people 8:18 PM | New Zealand Government Jetstar Deal Should Never Have Flown 10/02/17 | New Zealand First Party UK Should Be Welcoming Quality NZ Meat 10/02/17 | New Zealand First Party Minister praises efforts to re-float whales 10/02/17 | New Zealand Government Slip clearance to begin on SH1 north of Kaikoura 10/02/17 | New Zealand Government Mitchell to attend World Government Summit 10/02/17 | New Zealand Government Increasing confidence in assessments 10/02/17 | New Zealand Government More   RSS 16 Wellington peace activists to appear in court 8:48 PM | Peace Action Wellington Child Trafficking 8:43 PM | Conservative Party Anti-Prison Marchers Delusional 8:22 PM | Sensible Sentencing Trust No Pride in Prisons 8:20 PM | No Pride in Prisons Push “Go Button” Minister to Save Whales 8:17 PM | New Zealand First Party Deborah Russell Labour’s 2017 candidate for New Lynn 8:15 PM | New Zealand Labour Party Prime Minister defeats shearing legend 5:54 PM | World Shearing Champs More   RSS Significant step towards new cycling and walking track 8:58 PM | Dunedin Tunnel Trails Trus... Man Seriously Hurt at MotorCross Event 8:40 PM | Philips Search and Rescue Trust Motorcylist Airlifted 8:39 PM | Philips Search and Rescue Trust Auckland Man Flown to Hospital 8:38 PM | Philips Search and Rescue Trust Cyclist seriously injured in Dunedin crash 8:13 PM | New Zealand Police Name release - Hoon Hay deceased 8:13 PM | New Zealand Police Fleeing driver incident - Waikato 8:12 PM | New Zealand Police More   RSS   Wellington.Scoop NewsWire.co.nz Homicide in Haumoana: investigators seek help to find three men seen on beach Kapiti plans to celebrate expressway next weekend Deadline for seismic safety assessments of 80 CBD buildings Jetstar and Qantas added to government travel contract Livia Esterhazy leaving Clemenger BBDO and Proximity, starting consultancy Congestion, safety issues – city transport survey gets 10,000 public responses Union states case for carers’ pay; ($3 an hour “makes no sense”) More   RSS News Alerts New Sophie’s Angels a women only taxi company. 4:00 AM | Jade Winton-Lowe WATCH: Bill English’s first Waitangi Day as PM 3:26 AM | Shar Davis An open invitation to the Lion Pit 3:12 AM | Mervin Johnson WATCH: Local sustainable kai for Wellington plates 3:10 AM | Laura Keown Indigenous languages to be put under the spotlight 3:07 AM | Jade Winton-Lowe Kapiti expressway good news for the environment 3:05 AM | Jade Winton-Lowe Festival makes it easy for artists on the Fringe 3:00 AM | Laura Keown More   RSS News Alerts   Auckland Transport Blog Mr. Bridges, open this gate. Mr. Bridges, tear down this wall! 09 Feb | John Polkinghorne Guest post: What is the secret to Tokyo’s affordable housing? 08 Feb | Guest Post The Bike Blueprint 2020 – where should Auckland invest in cycling next? 08 Feb | Matt L Bring on the pedestrian crossing 07 Feb | Matt L AMETI finally moving forward 07 Feb | Matt L More jobs in the city centre 06 Feb | John Polkinghorne Are regional towns and cities too small? 06 Feb | Peter Nunns More   RSS BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Inflated Prices? Government To Investigate Fuel Market Returns Energy and Resources Minister Judith Collins has today announced a Market Study into fuel prices/returns to be undertaken by the Ministry of Business, Innovation and Employment (MBIE). More>> Money: Inflation Hits Poor Households Hardest Beneficiaries and low-spending households experienced the highest inflation over the past year, Statistics NZ said today. Their overall costs increased 1.4 percent. This was more than double the rate of inflation experienced by New Zealand's highest spenders. More>> ALSO: Labour - Costs of National's housing crisis hit middle NZ hardest - Skyrocketing Wellington rents pile on the pressure Greens - Real cost of living reveals unbalanced NZ economy Trade Me Property - Capital city tenants struggle amidst record-breaking rents Reserve Bank: Official Cash Rate Unchanged At 1.75 Percent The Reserve Bank today left the Official Cash Rate (OCR) unchanged at 1.75 percent... Recent moderation in house price inflation is welcome, and in part reflects loan-to-value ratio restrictions and higher mortgage rates. More>> ALSO: Century 21 Real Estate - No ORC change shows market already working, says head Canstar - OCR Announcement - Canstar Comments HiFX - RBNZ Official Cash Rate Decision - No Change - NZD Lower Lending: Minister Requests Cost-Benefit Analysis On Debt To Income Limits A full cost-benefit analysis on Debt-to-Income (DTI) limits and public consultation will be conducted by the Reserve Bank before any decision is made on the potential use of the macro-prudential policy tool, Finance Minister Steven Joyce says. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Joyce seeks cost-benefit on debt-to-income lending rules ACT - Major flaw in debt-to-income limits flagged Mark Your Fiscal Calendar: 2017 Budget To Be Presented On 25 May The Government's 2017 Budget will be delivered on Thursday 25 May, and will be centred on providing opportunities for all Kiwis to get ahead, Finance Minister Steven Joyce says. More>> ALSO: ACT - National leaves ACT alone in tax cut commitment Caritas Aotearoa - Budget 2017 must prioritise community wellbeing Spencer to be Acting Governor: Reserve Bank' Wheeler Not Seeking Another Term Reserve Bank Governor Graeme Wheeler today announced that he will not be seeking a second term as Governor when his current term ends on 26 September this year. More>> ALSO: Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate unchanged at 1.75 percent BusinessDesk - Big shake-up for RBNZ: Wheeler to Sept; Spencer to fill in NZ Govt - Spencer to be Acting Governor of Reserve Bank Greens - A chance for a Reserve Bank refresh ACT - ACT congratulates Graeme Wheeler on his tenure NZ Property Institute - Property Institute calls for review of Reserve Bank targets Unsold Energy: No Buyer For Spring Creek Mine Leads To Closure Despite an exhaustive sales process Solid Energy has been unsuccessful in securing a buyer for Spring Creek Mine and has reluctantly taken the decision to close the mine. Spring Creek Mine has been in care and maintenance since 2012 when production was stopped following a review of the mine’s economic viability. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Solid Energy to close Spring Creek mine, no buyers emerged E tu - E tū: sadness at job losses as Spring Creek closes LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Skipton launches upgraded expat mortgage calculator 9:15 PM | Skipton International Leadership changes at Clemenger BBDO and Proximity 10/02/17 | Joint Press Release NZ lamb wool weakens further at auction 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Chorus and Vector fall 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk Trustpower sees small gain for 2017 earnings 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk New Zealand dollar heads for 1.7% weekly fall 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk Could Wheeler be last RBNZ governor to call the shots alone? 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk More   RSS Change to cannabis approval 10/02/17 | Science Media Centre Study of mutant sheep provides exciting new opportunities 10/02/17 | AgResearch Hearing and balance disorders focus for new centre 10/02/17 | University of Auckland Southwest Pacific Tropical Cyclone Outlook Update 10/02/17 | NIWA Local Environmentalist, International Recognition 10/02/17 | Environment Institute of Austra... Researchers awarded funds to tackle diabetes 09/02/17 | University of Otago Drone swarm to locate people post-disaster 09/02/17 | University of Canterbury More   RSS   Bill Bennett on Tech The enduring charm of VDSL 05 Feb | Bill Bennett Oppo phones coming to NZ 9:47 PM | Bill Bennett Hawaiki submarine-cable on track for mid-2018 laun... 18 Jan | Bill Bennett NZ IT spending to climb 2.3 percent in 2017 4:14 AM | Bill Bennett NZ Tech Podcast 316: Ten years of Apple iPhone 1:26 AM | Bill Bennett Lenovo Miix 510: A Surface Pro 4 for less 12 Jan | Bill Bennett On switching from Mac to Windows, or Windows to Ma... 11 Jan | Bill Bennett More   RSS COMMENT > >   John Quiggan: On Australia’s Flirtations With Trumpism After the cataclysm of Trump’s election, quite a few US-based friends asked me about moving to Australia. I had, as they say, good news and bad news. More>> ALSO: Gordon Campbell - On the Bill English phone call - On the government’s (lack of a) response to Trump - Gordon Campbell on NZ’s silence over Trump’s anti-Muslim agenda Gordon Campbell: On Journalism’s Future In The Era Of “Alternative Facts.” Already, the White House has made it clear that the media are the new enemy that the new President’s supporters will be encouraged to unite against. The fantastic phrase “alternative facts” coined by Trump spinmeister Kellyanne Conway captures the media strategy in a nutshell. More>> ALSO: Liana Pantaleo - PM's Press Conference 24/01/17: TPP, Trade and Minimum Wage Gordon Campbell - On the team behind the throne Lyndon Hood - Donald Trump: “For The Most Beautiful” - Transcript: Donald Trump Takes The Presidential Oath - A Small Ode on a Trump Inauguration Poem - “UNIFIED.” Or, Ignoring the Elephant in the Room Alastair Thompson - Inauguration Day – Nothing Will Ever Be The Same Again Grant Buist - Jitterati 25.1.17: An Open Letter to a Hot Mess BusinessDesk - While you were sleeping: Trump axes trade deal - Xero chairman Chris Liddell resigns to take Trump job - Xero and Meridian gain while Air NZ drops - NZ dollar gains to month-high vs yen as inauguration looms - NZ dollar in biggest fall against greenback since November ACT - A good day for New Zealand’s Trump movement Women's March on Washington - Women’s March Participants Surpass One Million - New Zealand – first to vote, first to march Parnell Inc. - 'Trumped' up Rooster takes centre stage Harvey Wasserman - Crumbling Reactors and Other Nightmares Out-Link - The next four years • Hard News • Public Address Gordon Campbell: On The Ethics Of Publishing The Trump Dossier The controversy over the dossier purporting to show US President-elect Donald Trump’s alleged ties with Russia has been virtually overshadowed by the related controversy over whether the Buzzfeed site should have published the dossier in the first place... More>> ALSO: Image Lyndon Hood - “UNIFIED.” Or, Ignoring the Elephant in the Room Gordon Campbell: On Meryl Streep’s Speech Primarily, Meryl Streep’s critical speech at the Golden Globes – which is the award ceremony hosted by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association – was a defence of journalism and of journalists... More>> New HiveMind Project: What Should We Do About Sugar? While most people agree that increased sugar consumption is a major cause of too many New Zealanders being overweight and obese, what we should do about this remains a matter of debate and argument. More>> ALSO: HiveMind - Sugar and Obesity Factsheet and links NZ Govt - Clearer labelling for oils and sugars a step closer Greens - Kids’ health should come before sugar barons’ profits University of Auckland - Study sheds light on diet of children with weight issues WellSouth - Local food and drink retailers promoting eating guidelines HiveMind Response - Medicalising obesity misses the point   Pundit Kiwiblog Public Address Edward Snowden spy inquiries: Watching the watcher... 07 Feb | David Fisher Big Data – Good? 06 Feb | Brian Easton Why we should reject the politics of despair 12:55 AM | Steve Maharey When Donald calls Bill... make him an offer 30 Jan | Tim Watkin The No Man’s Land of Studying Distributional Econo... 30 Jan | Brian Easton What Donald & Hillary can teach New Zealand 26 Jan | Wyatt Creech Three takes on Miller (the Brexit case) 26 Jan | Andrew Geddis More   RSS News Alerts Dilbert is pissed 3:00 AM | David Farrar Labour is totally unified 2:00 AM | David Farrar Patent trolls vs Netflix 1:00 AM | David Farrar Rodney Hide on the opportunity cost of compulsory ... 12:00 AM | David Farrar A Bassett book on NZ PMs 11:00 PM | David Farrar New Zealand Second 9:00 PM | David Farrar Little 2/10 English 8/10 8:00 PM | David Farrar More   RSS News Alerts Capture: After Hollywood 7:47 AM | Jackson Perry Hard News: Listening Lounge 2017: More good talk a... 11:25 AM | Russell Brown Hard News: Friday Music: Why Soulfest was really c... 11:04 AM | Russell Brown Access: Murder – it’s not OK. 09 Feb | Hilary Stace Hard News: Burning down the house to feel better 07 Feb | Russell Brown Speaker: Ann's story: helping doctors understand m... 07 Feb | Veronica Stevenson Legal Beagle: Spun Off: New Zealand's other most r... 07 Feb | Graeme Edgeler More   RSS News Alerts   WORLD > >   Amnesty: Campaign Mass Hangings And Extermination At Syrian Prison A chilling new report by Amnesty International exposes the Syrian government’s calculated campaign of extrajudicial executions by mass hangings at Saydnaya Prison. Between 2011 and 2015, every week and often twice a week, groups of up to 50 people ... More>> Russian Hack Job?: White House - Actions In Response To Russian Malicious Cyber Activity & Harassment President Obama authorized a number of actions in response to the Russian government’s aggressive harassment of U.S. officials and cyber operations aimed at the U.S. election in 2016. More>> Israel/Palestine: Michael Field - Background To How Israel Nearly Went To War With New Zealand New Zealand and Senegal managed to get the United Nations Security Council to pass resolution 2334 which said Israel’s settlements in Palestinian territory violate international law and undermine a two-state solution in Israel's conflict with Palestine. More>> ALSO: United Nations - Israeli, Palestinian Leaders Urged to Return to Negotiations Ramzy Baroud - Palestine 2017: Time to Bid Farewell to Washington Binoy Kampmark - Drama in UN Security Council: Israel’s Illegal Settlements BusinessDesk - No further sanctions planned for NZ, Israeli embassy says INSS Insight - Obama and Netanyahu Reward the Palestinians Tikkun - Why Security Council Resolution 2334 Matters a Lot More Palestine Human Rights Campaign NZ - UNSC Resolution 2334 Photo: UN Photo/Manuel Elias US Indigenous Affairs: How President Obama Has Protected Our Sacred Land I am very proud to be both Navajo and American. As the President of the Navajo Nation, I’ve dedicated my life to ensuring that, as a Navajo, my story -- and our stories -- are part of our collective American history. Today, I want to share one of those stories with you. More>> Binoy Kampmark: The Berlin Truck Attack And The Refugee Question The hard-nosed neo-cons were certainly showing little interest in linking arguments, examining evidence, or even considering elementary logic in the aftermath of the Berlin truck attack near the Gedächtniskirche. With the bodies fresh in the morgue, former US ambassador to the United Nations, John Bolton, peered into the mind of the everyday German, and found teeth chattering fear. More>> Demonetisation: Gordon Campbell On India’s Huge Socio-Economic Experiment Without much coverage at all in the West, India has just been engaged for the past few weeks in one of the world’s biggest socio-economic experiments since the Cultural Revolution in China. More>> Gordon Campbell: On The Death Of Fidel Castro New Zealand likes to think we played our part – via the 1981 Springbok tour – in bringing the apartheid regime in South Africa to an end… Jacob Zuma treated the death of Fidel Castro at the weekend as an occasion to pay a heartfelt tribute to the thousands of Cuban soldiers who travelled across the world to inflict the first significant military defeat on the forces of white supremacy. More>> ALSO: United Nations - UN Secretary-General on the death of Fidel Castro Julie Webb-Pullman - Fidel: Heart of Gold - By Julie Webb-Pullman Peter Isaac - NZ Witness: Castro saved Cuba from Coups, Counter Coups LATEST HEADLINES WORLD UN expert urges Cameroon to restore internet services 9:20 PM | UNHCHR Bangladesh: Dozens of Workers Jailed for Striking 9:19 PM | ITUC NEPAL: Police must follow due process 9:17 PM | AHRC PAKISTAN: Government outsources justice dispensation 9:00 PM | AHRC Yemen: Civilians trapped and targeted 8:51 PM | UNHCHR Should California Secede? An Interview with David Swanson 10/02/17 | Ann Garrison RNZAF Orion Leaves for Middle East 10/02/17 | New Zealand Defence Force More   RSS   Gaza PHROC Calls for Immediate Action by International Community on Israel’s “Regularization” Law Over 250 European organisations call for end of European complicity in occupation of Palestine Work for the future Hamas: Israel fully responsible for latest aggression on Gaza Hamas condemns UNSG Guterres’ statement about Jewish temple UNRWA Commissioner-General to Tell Helsinki Conference: “Don’t Forget Over Half a Million Palestinians from Syria” UNRWA condemns outbreak of armed violence in Ein El-Hilweh which injured civilians, UNRWA staff member More   RSS News Alerts   Pacific.Scoop Cafe Pacific PMC Southwest Pacific Tropical Cyclone Outlook Update 09 Feb | admin House Of Shem – Anything You Ask For 09 Feb | admin Former champ sounds early warning at World Champs 09 Feb | admin World shearing and woolhandling championships Day ... 09 Feb | admin Voyage to the bottom of the sea 08 Feb | admin Whitianga tsunami open day inundated with resident... 08 Feb | admin Dobbs sets early pace on opening day 08 Feb | admin More   RSS News Alerts Colourful, vibrant Aotearoa rally condemns Trumpâ... | cafe pacific What now for the Tongan Democrats looking ahead to... | cafe pacific Honouring independent journalist and film maker Ma... | cafe pacific Florida airport massacre â few basic questions b... | cafe pacific Carry on Fidel Castroâs global legacy, says Cuba... | cafe pacific Media coverage of war atrocities opens debate on I... | cafe pacific Philippines presidentâs âhit manâ allegation... | cafe pacific More   RSS News Alerts 'Bearing Witness' - a Pacific climate change journ... | david VANUATU: Media in uncharted territory with FOI law... | david GLOBAL: Facebook, Google partner with French media... | david NZ: RNZ creates Henare te Ua Māori journalism inte... | david VANUATU: Right to public information law now in fo... | david REGION: Australian union demands resettlement of d... | david NZ: Media still shut out of Te Tii Marae in lead u... | david More   RSS News Alerts LIFESTYLE > >   Howard Davis: Get It On, Bang A Gong, Pt I Several readers have recently inquired about the significance of the image that accompanies my by-line. While the man-bun is long gone, I still incorporate the sound of the gong in my Kundalini Yoga classes. More>> Breaking The Ice: U.S. Antarctic Icebreaker To Visit New Zealand The United States has sought, and been granted, New Zealand’s permission for a U.S. Coast Guard icebreaker, the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter (USCGC) POLAR STAR (WAGB-10), to make a port call at Lyttelton on its way home from Antarctica sometime later this month. More>> Scoop Review Of Books: Trading Places Greg Clydesdale, a lecturer in business at Lincoln University, has written a comprehensive account of global trade from the seventh century to modern times. More>> Sheep: Shearing Record Smashed In Hawke’s Bay Three shearers gathered from around New Zealand have smashed a World record by 264 sheep despite the heat, the pumiced sheep of inland Hawke’s Bay and a year’s wool weighing an average of over 3.5kg a sheep. More>> ALSO: Shearing Sports NZ - Shearing record is being smashed in hot Hawke’s Bay woolshed - Shearing record on target World Shearing Champs - World Shearing Council delighted with southern support Carrie Fisher: Hollywood In-Breeding & The Velocity Of Being - Binoy Kampmark There was always going to be a good deal of thick drama around Carrie Fisher, by her own confession, a product of Hollywood in-breeding. Her parents, Debbie Reynolds and the crooner Eddie Fisher, provided ample material for the gossip columns in a marriage breakup after Eddie sped away with Elizabeth Taylor. More>> Image: Tracey Nearmy / EPA Gordon Campbell: On The Best Albums Of 2016 OK, I’m not even going to try and rationalise this surrender to a ‘best of’ listicle. Still…maybe there is an argument for making some semblance of narrative order out of a year that brought us Trump, Brexit and the deaths of Prince, David Bowie, Leonard Cohen and Alan Vega, who I missed just as much as the Big Three. So without further ado….oh, but first a word from the sponsor More>> Emojis: World’s First Māori Emoji App Launched It’s here - the world’s first Māori emoji app Emotiki has landed just in time for summer roadtrips and santa stockings, with 200 Māori and Kiwi cultural icons for people to share their kiwiana moments with each other and the world. More>> ALSO: Karaitiana Taiuru - Emotiki app cultural analysis LATEST HEADLINES CULTURE HEALTH EDUCATION Kiwis Prevail in Epic Pioneer Mountain Bike Race 9:23 PM | Pioneer Smith makes statement with All Nations win 9:13 PM | World Shearing Champs One man, one violin, and some serious multi-tasking 8:55 PM | Bats Theatre Youngster Cameron Jones Stamps Authority 10/02/17 | Coast to Coast Raggamuffin X Postponed 10/02/17 | Ragamuffin Festival Adventure Racers Prepare for Godzone Chapter 6 10/02/17 | GODZone Spanish Legend Loving His Pioneer Experience 10/02/17 | The Pioneer More   RSS Relief care minimum wage appeal in Supreme Court 10/02/17 | BusinessDesk IHC joins the call for respite care overhaul 10/02/17 | IHC Science in crises: harnessing hype 10/02/17 | Science Media Centre $80,000 For Heart Kids NZ, Thanks to Bartercard Foundation 10/02/17 | Bartercard Heart Kids announces new partnership with Bartercard 10/02/17 | Heart Kids App helps health professionals learn medical terms in Te Reo 10/02/17 | University of Otago South Island health system closes information gaps 09/02/17 | South Island Alliance More   RSS Principals send PaCT Packing 10/02/17 | New Zealand Principals' Federation National Standards assessment tool won't wash with teachers 10/02/17 | New Zealand Education... Women in IT scholarship awarded 10/02/17 | Otago Polytech Campbell Kindergarten and Karori Kids Protest Deferred 09/02/17 | Whanau Manaaki Kindergarte... New rail safety guidelines for children launched 09/02/17 | Tracksafe Foundation Maori And Pasifika Excel at Vanguard Military School 09/02/17 | Vanguard Military School Henare te Ua Māori Journalism Internship Announced 09/02/17 | Radio New Zealand Limited More   RSS       Contact Newsagent Login Top Stories Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business NBR Heads Up - Weekend Review Edition Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business NBR Heads Up - Weekend Review Edition . While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall St mixed as caution follows records Margreet Dietz Thursday February 9, 2017 Share Play NBR radio on US Treasurys advanced, while Wall Street was mixed, as investors weighed the impact of political uncertainty on both sides of the Atlantic on corporate profits. Gold, another safe-haven investment, also gained with futures for April delivery closing up 0.3% at $US1239.50 an ounce. Gold is up nearly 8% since the start of the year.. Wall Street fluctuated even as the latest round of corporate earnings has generally exceeded expectations. Both the Dow and the Nasdaq touched record highs the previous day. At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 35.95 points, or 0.2%, at 20,054.34, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 0.07% to 2294.67. The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.15% to 5682.45. It's the first quarter in eight that S&P 500 Index profits will rise fast enough to pronounce an end to the earnings recession, according to Bloomberg. However, investors have been cautious. "Companies that have beaten expectations haven't been rewarded as much as usual, at least so far this earnings season," Dan Suzuki, senior equity strategist at Bank of America's Merrill Lynch unit, told Bloomberg. Financials lead Dow drop Financial stocks led the drop in the Dow with JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs losing 9% and 8% respectively. These outweighed gains in Nike and Verizon shares, trading 1.4% and 0.9% higher.  In the latest deal news, shares of Tesaro jumped 13.4%. The US biopharmaceutical company is discussing its options with investment banks after receiving acquisition interest from several drug makers, Reuters reported. Tesaro is not actively exploring a sale as there is a significant gap over the company's valuation between Tesaro and potential acquirers, according to Reuters. However, Tesaro is speaking to investment banks, including Citigroup about its strategy and how to best respond to such overtures. The yield on the benchmark 10-year US Treasury note fell to 2.349% from 2.389% on Tuesday.  In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.3% gain from the previous close. The UK's FTSE 100 Index edged 0.04% higher, while France's CAC 40 Index added 0.3%. Germany's DAX Index slipped 0.05%. Shares of Syngenta rose after the Swiss seeds and pesticide maker that is being bought by China National Chemical for $US43 billion said both companies were confident the deal would close. "ChemChina and Syngenta have made significant progress towards achieving the necessary regulatory approvals and closing the transaction," Syngenta said in a statement discussing its latest earnings. Both companies were "confident of its closure," Syngenta said, adding it expected it to close in the second quarter. Syngenta shares closed 1.1% higher in Zurich. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7207 0.0013 0.18% AUD 0.9376 -0.0057 -0.60% EUR 0.6771 0.0022 0.33% GBP 0.5764 0.0008 0.14% HKD 5.5915 0.0104 0.19% JPY 81.5780 -0.0330 -0.04% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1235.9 5.250 2017-02-10T00: Oil Brent 57.1 1.060 2017-02-10T00: Oil Nymex 54.3 0.870 2017-02-10T00: Silver Index 17.9 0.190 2017-02-10T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7121.6 7145.5 7121.6 -0.24% NASDAQ 5726.2 5743.4 5715.2 0.33% DAX 11698.7 11711.5 11642.9 0.21% DJI 20211.2 20298.2 20172.4 0.48% FTSE 7229.5 7274.8 7229.5 0.40% HKSE 23645.9 23718.5 23525.1 0.21% NI225 19216.7 19396.0 18907.7 2.49% ASX 5664.6 5721.4 5664.6 0.99% Most Popular Read Carry on: Airbus retires A380, big Boeing deal, China's first A320neo and more Bike Barn fined $800k over misleading ads This company has no idea — thank God it called me Homes for sale for a life at sea 40 Vodafone NZ jobs going to India: insider Commented Vic Crone appointed Callaghan CEO Energy Minister puts petrol prices under the microscope This company has no idea — thank God it called me RBNZ: Wheeler stresses 'uncertainty' and holds OCR Grant Spencer: Still too early to declare victory on cooling house prices Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. The Week in Business with Grant Walker and Andrew Patterson Hooton: Jackson move designed to thwart Maori-Mana truce Tim Hunter takes a look at the curious case of Peter Thiel David Cohen says Donald Trump's presidency is "extraordinary," and one we should be grateful for Motoring: Levante is Maserati’s new USP-on-wheels Only available on Previous article Dollar falls ahead of RBNZ rate decision Next article Hearings on bid to extend Wellington Airport runway likely to be delayed to June Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall St mixed as caution follows records
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Caution follows records 7:58 February 9, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk Feb. 9 (BusinessDesk) – US Treasuries advanced, while Wall Street was mixed, as investors weighed the impact of political uncertainty on both sides of the Atlantic on corporate profits. While you were sleeping: Caution follows records Feb. 9 (BusinessDesk) – US Treasuries advanced, while Wall Street was mixed, as investors weighed the impact of political uncertainty on both sides of the Atlantic on corporate profits. Gold, another safe-haven investment, also gained. Wall Street fluctuated even as the latest round of corporate earnings has generally exceeded expectations. Both the Dow and the Nasdaq touched record highs the previous day. In 1.22pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 percent, while, in 1.06pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index inched 0.01 percent lower. The Nasdaq Composite Index eked out a 0.03 percent gain. It’s the first quarter in eight that S&P 500 Index profits will rise fast enough to pronounce an end to the earnings recession, according to Bloomberg. However, investors have been cautious. “Companies that have beaten expectations haven’t been rewarded as much as usual, at least so far this earnings season,” Dan Suzuki, senior equity strategist at Bank of America’s Merrill Lynch unit, told Bloomberg. In the Dow, declines in shares of JPMorgan Chase and those of Caterpillar, recently down 1.4 percent and 0.8 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Nike and those of Verizon, which recently traded 1.4 percent and 0.9 percent higher respectively. In the latest deal news, shares of Tesaro jumed, trading 13.4 percent higher as of 1.25pm in New York. The US biopharmaceutical company is discussing its options with investment banks after receiving acquisition interest from several drugmakers, Reuters reported, citing people familiar with the matter. Tesaro is not actively exploring a sale, the people said this week, noting that there is a significant gap over the company’s valuation between Tesaro and potential acquirers, according to Reuters. However, Tesaro is speaking to investment banks, including Citigroup about its strategy and how to best respond to such overtures, the people added. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.3 percent gain from the previous close. The UK’s FTSE 100 Index edged 0.04 percent higher, while France’s CAC 40 Index added 0.3 percent. Germany’s DAX Index slipped 0.05 percent. Shares of Syngenta rose after the Swiss seeds and pesticide maker that is being bought by China National Chemical for US$43 billion said both companies are confident the deal will close. “ChemChina and Syngenta have made significant progress towards achieving the necessary regulatory approvals and closing the transaction,” Syngenta said in a statement discussing its latest earnings. Both companies “are confident of its closure,” Syngenta said, adding its expects it to close in the second quarter. Syngenta shares closed 1.1 percent higher in Zurich. (BusinessDesk Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Skipton launches upgraded expat mortgage calculator Significant step towards new cycling and walking track Leadership changes at Clemenger BBDO and Proximity NZ lamb wool weakens further at auction MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares down, Chorus and Vector fall Trustpower sees small gain for 2017 earnings New Zealand dollar heads for 1.7% weekly fall Could Wheeler be last RBNZ governor to call the shots alone? Bike Barn fined $800k over misleading ads Lyttelton Port strike cancelled this weekend Government still in talks with Air NZ Relief care minimum wage appeal in Supreme Court Cookie Company launch innovative Protein Brownie Jetstar Deal Should Never Have Flown Summer Kerbside rubbish and recycling ends Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors THE MOSTCOMPREHENSIVEELECTION COVERAGE Uttar Pradesh Punjab Goa Uttarakhand Manipur The Search Meter Video diaries & live updates from the campaign trail DidYouKnow Newsroom diaries 2016: How we covered the year's big stories Firstpost . Saturday, February 11, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics AIADMK crisis: Peace has a limit, warns Sasikala as support for OPS rises AIADMK crisis: Why the move to declare Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden property as memorial is illegal Uttar Pradesh Election 2017 LIVE: Western UP records 45% voter turnout till 2 pm; Mayawati claims BSP will win 1st phase UP Election 2017: Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme AIADMK Crisis LIVE: Sasikala to meet MLAs at Golden Bay resort, may bring them to Raj Bhavan UP Election 2017: How Modi's campaign changed dramatically and what it says about BJP's chances Sports Live India vs Bangladesh 2017, Test Day 3, scores and updates: Mushfiqur, Mehedi steady ship I-League 2017: Bengaluru FC look to regain ground against debutants Minerva Punjab Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy 2017: Schedule, when and where to watch, live coverage on TV, online streaming NBA roundup: Draymond Green makes history in Warriors win over Grizzlies; Spurs and Heat cruise India vs Bangladesh: Virat Kohli says he isn't satisfied with just Test hundreds, wants to play longer innings Liverpool ban 'The Sun' journalists from Anfield over Hillsborough disaster coverage India UP Election 2017: Akhilesh, Rahul release 10-pt common minimum programme Uttar Pradesh: The slow death of Kanpur’s leather economy and state's job crisis 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? GoAir emergency: How the 'miraculous escape' was just another day at the office for pilots SC says it can't regulate Sardar jokes: Our view of comedy should broaden in this age of outrage Dalits barred from temple fest in Kannur; activist accuses Kerala's CPM of discrimination World S Koreans abducted by Pyongyang growing: Expert group Russia considers returning Edward Snowden to US as 'gift' Beijing gets early ‘one China’ policy win off Donald Trump, but many battles remain US senator Bernie Sanders calls Donald Trump 'delusional' New Zealand rescuers form human chain to help stranded whales after 300 died China expels dozens of South Korean missionaries amid increasing missile defence tension Business Ajay Tyagi to head capital markets regulator Sebi, to take charge on March 1 Infosys governance issues: Board not keen on Tata-style row with founders Infosys: Board must answer questions about corporate governance Govt forms task force against shell companies, vows to take'harsh punitive' action Demonetisation impact: IIP contracts to 4-month low of 0.4% in December Budget Session so far: Productivity at 113%; Bills passed just 2 Life 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? Harassment of transgender principal Manobi Bandhopadhyay is typical of society's attitudes Portraits of the 'primitive': The Konyaks, Nagaland's headhunting tribe, are the subject of a new exhibition Valentine's Day special: Around the heart in 80 dates — do Indians even know how to date? SC says it can't regulate Sardar jokes: Our view of comedy should broaden in this age of outrage Women scientists in India: What we learnt from a year of lab-hopping across the country Entertainment SRK-Aamir click a selfie; Anushka slams Phillauri rumours: What stars got up to on social media Tamma Tamma Again: Varun-Alia step into Sanjay-Madhuri's dancing shoes with authority Mahindra Blues Festival 2017: The seventh edition of Asia's largest blues fest is also its youngest Padmavati protest: Jaipur royal family supports Karni Sena against Sanjay Leela Bhansali Sonakshi Sinha could be roped in for AR Murugadoss' next film with superstar Vijay Avengers: Infinity War on-set teaser released by Marvel Studios; major reveals ahead Photos Videos Election 2017 TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी Co-sponsorAssociate Sponsors You are here: Latest News Fwire News Dow dragged down by banks; S&P and Nasdaq flat | Reuters ReutersFeb, 09 2017 00:00:06 IST #Reuters By Yashaswini Swamynathan The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite index were little changed on Wednesday, while the Dow was pressured by losses in bank stocks. The financial index dropped 1 percent and was on track to mark its biggest drop in three weeks due to declines in JPMorgan and Wells Fargo. Analysts say market is reducing expectations for the number of U.S. interest rate hikes this year as well as for fiscal stimulus policies and tax cuts from President Donald Trump's administration.Goldman Sachs fell 1.1 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow.The dollar slipped 0.14 percent, while gold rose to a near three-month high amid political uncertainty in Europe ahead of elections. At 12:24 p.m. ET (1724 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 38.02 points, or 0.19 percent, at 20,052.27 and the S&P 500 was down 0.17 points, or flat, at 2,292.91. The Nasdaq Composite was up 1.07 points, or 0.02 percent, at 5,675.28.Six of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by gains in technology and consumer discretionary stocks. Cognizant rose 4 percent to $55.93 after the IT services provider named three directors to its board and announced a $3.4 billion share buyback program, bowing to pressure from activist shareholder Elliott Management.Healthcare was off 0.29 percent, dragged down by Gilead. The drugmaker's stock, which also weighed on the S&P and the Nasdaq, slid 9.7 percent after the company projected disappointing sales for its hepatitis C drugs this year.U.S. carrier Alaska Air rose 2 percent to $96.06 after the company reported a 10.7 percent jump in quarterly revenue. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,490 to 1,370. On the Nasdaq, 1,746 issues fell and 997 advanced.The S&P 500 index showed 16 new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 67 new highs and 40 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Also See Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 - Ifax | Reuters Lower prices boost gold demand in India, Chinese buying wanes | Reuters Thyssenkrupp CEO says won't be pressured to rush change | Reuters Factbox: Measures expected from India's annual budget that could impact markets | Reuters Top Stories Uttar Pradesh Election 2017 LIVE: Western UP records 45% voter turnout till 2 pm; Mayawati claims BSP will win 1st phase AIADMK Live: Chinamma Enroute to Mahabalipuram to meet 'Captive' MLAs MSG Lion Heart 2 'review': Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh launches another surgical strike on cinema Women scientists in India: What we learnt from a year of lab-hopping across the country Affordable housing emerges as a major beneficiary of Budget 2017 'False rape' cases: Is the feeling of being cheated something that can be explained in our laws? Live India vs Bangladesh 2017, Test Day 3, scores and updates: Mushfiqur, Mehedi steady ship Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 88 runs Bangladesh in India, Only Test, 2017 Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 40 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 24 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 7 wickets Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 Match Abandoned England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 India beat England by 75 runs Sri Lanka in South Africa, 5 ODI Series, 2017 South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 121 runs Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2017 New Zealand beat Australia by 6 runs England in India, 3 T20 International Series, 2016/17 India beat England by 5 runs Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 16th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, Only T20 International Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 17th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 17th, 2017, 02:10 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 19th, 2017, 06:30 AM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:00 PM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 19th, 2017, 01:50 PM IST Afghanistan in Zimbabwe, 5 ODI Series, 2017 ZIM vs AFG - Feb 21st, 2017, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 5 ODI Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Feb 22nd, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in Australia, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 AUS vs SL - Feb 22nd, 2017, 02:20 PM IST Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 IND vs AUS - Feb 23rd, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Elections 2017 Weather Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance US STOCKS-Dow dragged down by banks; S&P and Nasdaq flat US STOCKS-Dow dragged down by banks; S&P and Nasdaq flat Source : Last Updated: Wed, Feb 08, 2017 23:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Financial sector set for worst day in nearly three weeks * Goldman Sachs weighs on Dow * Cognizant rises after board deal with Elliott, results * Dow down 0.19 pct, S&P flat, Nasdaq up 0.02 pct (Updates to early afternoon) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Feb 8 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite index were little changed on Wednesday, while the Dow was pressured by losses in bank stocks. The financial index dropped 1 percent and was on track to mark its biggest drop in three weeks due to declines in JPMorgan and Wells Fargo. Analysts say market is reducing expectations for the number of U.S. interest rate hikes this year as well as for fiscal stimulus policies and tax cuts from President Donald Trump's administration. Goldman Sachs fell 1.1 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. The dollar slipped 0.14 percent, while gold rose to a near three-month high amid political uncertainty in Europe ahead of elections. At 12:24 p.m. ET (1724 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 38.02 points, or 0.19 percent, at 20,052.27 and the S&P 500 was down 0.17 points, or flat, at 2,292.91. The Nasdaq Composite was up 1.07 points, or 0.02 percent, at 5,675.28. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by gains in technology and consumer discretionary stocks. Cognizant rose 4 percent to $55.93 after the IT services provider named three directors to its board and announced a $3.4 billion share buyback program, bowing to pressure from activist shareholder Elliott Management. Healthcare was off 0.29 percent, dragged down by Gilead. The drugmaker's stock, which also weighed on the S&P and the Nasdaq, slid 9.7 percent after the company projected disappointing sales for its hepatitis C drugs this year. U.S. carrier Alaska Air rose 2 percent to $96.06 after the company reported a 10.7 percent jump in quarterly revenue. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,490 to 1,370. On the Nasdaq, 1,746 issues fell and 997 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 16 new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 67 new highs and 40 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Dow dragged down by banks; S&P and Nasdaq flat Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Feb 8, 2017 | 1:00pm EST US STOCKS-Dow dragged down by banks; S&P and Nasdaq flat * Financial sector set for worst day in nearly three weeks * Goldman Sachs weighs on Dow * Cognizant rises after board deal with Elliott, results * Dow down 0.19 pct, S&P flat, Nasdaq up 0.02 pct (Updates to early afternoon) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Feb 8 The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite index were little changed on Wednesday, while the Dow was pressured by losses in bank stocks. The financial index dropped 1 percent and was on track to mark its biggest drop in three weeks due to declines in JPMorgan and Wells Fargo. Analysts say market is reducing expectations for the number of U.S. interest rate hikes this year as well as for fiscal stimulus policies and tax cuts from President Donald Trump's administration. Goldman Sachs fell 1.1 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. The dollar slipped 0.14 percent, while gold rose to a near three-month high amid political uncertainty in Europe ahead of elections. At 12:24 p.m. ET (1724 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 38.02 points, or 0.19 percent, at 20,052.27 and the S&P 500 was down 0.17 points, or flat, at 2,292.91. The Nasdaq Composite was up 1.07 points, or 0.02 percent, at 5,675.28. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by gains in technology and consumer discretionary stocks. Cognizant rose 4 percent to $55.93 after the IT services provider named three directors to its board and announced a $3.4 billion share buyback program, bowing to pressure from activist shareholder Elliott Management. Healthcare was off 0.29 percent, dragged down by Gilead. The drugmaker's stock, which also weighed on the S&P and the Nasdaq, slid 9.7 percent after the company projected disappointing sales for its hepatitis C drugs this year. U.S. carrier Alaska Air rose 2 percent to $96.06 after the company reported a 10.7 percent jump in quarterly revenue. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,490 to 1,370. On the Nasdaq, 1,746 issues fell and 997 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 16 new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 67 new highs and 40 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Next In Market News UPDATE 1-Snow, avalanches, rain delay grain movement to U.S. ports * Graphic on cargoes http://reut.rs/2lAFOF1 (Updates to add graphic) UPDATE 4-UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' SAN FRANCISCO/DETROIT Feb 10 The United Automobile Workers union on Friday said it had been approached by workers at Tesla Inc's Fremont, California, assembly plant, rejecting a charge by the chief executive of the luxury electric car maker that a worker who publicly criticized the company was on the UAW payroll. Bank of Canada's blockchain tests spotlight challenges TORONTO, Feb 10 The Bank of Canada's early experiment on a blockchain-based payment system highlights challenges such as cost-efficiency and data privacy, according to an article by a senior bank official published on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 276/6 (89.3) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home Sci/Tech US STOCKS-Dow dragged down by banks; S&P and Nasdaq flat Shares1 Wed, 8 Feb 2017-11:37pm , Reuters The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite index were little changed on Wednesday, while the Dow was pressured by losses in bank stocks. The financial index dropped 1 percent and was on track to mark its biggest drop in three weeks due to declines in JPMorgan and Wells Fargo. Analysts say market is reducing expectations for the number of U.S. interest rate hikes this year as well as for fiscal stimulus policies and tax cuts from President Donald Trump's administration. Goldman Sachs fell 1.1 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. The dollar slipped 0.14 percent, while gold rose to a near three-month high amid political uncertainty in Europe ahead of elections. At 12:24 p.m. ET (1724 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 38.02 points, or 0.19 percent, at 20,052.27 and the S&P 500 was down 0.17 points, or flat, at 2,292.91. The Nasdaq Composite was up 1.07 points, or 0.02 percent, at 5,675.28. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by gains in technology and consumer discretionary stocks. Cognizant rose 4 percent to $55.93 after the IT services provider named three directors to its board and announced a $3.4 billion share buyback program, bowing to pressure from activist shareholder Elliott Management. Healthcare was off 0.29 percent, dragged down by Gilead. The drugmaker's stock, which also weighed on the S&P and the Nasdaq, slid 9.7 percent after the company projected disappointing sales for its hepatitis C drugs this year. U.S. carrier Alaska Air rose 2 percent to $96.06 after the company reported a 10.7 percent jump in quarterly revenue. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,490 to 1,370. On the Nasdaq, 1,746 issues fell and 997 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 16 new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 67 new highs and 40 new lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech 3 excellent mobile games to calm your mind Sci/Tech Heard the term Blockchain? Before it changes your life, here's what you need to know Sci/Tech Shawna Pandya clears the air on rumours of space travel Sci/Tech WhatsApp steps up user security, begins rolling out two-step verification Sci/Tech Latest Windows 10 build teases new features, design tweaks Sci/Tech Watch: New Sony sensor offers super slow motion for smartphones Next Article > Level-playing field needed so local cos dont get 'prematurely killed': Flipkart's Sachin Bansal Live Cricket Score Live BAN 276/6 (89.3) BAN trail by 411 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Level-playing field needed so local cos dont get 'prematurely killed': Flipkart's Sachin Bansal Related Periscope app shows solidarity, displaying message against Muslim Ban New moth species named after Donald Trump Pokemon Go and Donald Trump top Google trend list in 2016 Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags Donald Trump Europe Goldman Sachs Wells Fargo S&P Nasdaq Composite U. S. Alaska Air Dow Jones Industrial Average Elliott Management Gilead NYSE SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump, Abe pledge to strengthen US-Japan strategic ties Turkey to hold referendum on presidency on April 16 - election board India wants Pak to take action against terrorists: Bambawale 3 killed after inhaling 'toxic gases' on board barge BJP reaches out to small groups within North Indian community Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Govt removes duty anomalies to boost medical devices mfg: Min Sebi says remedial actions underway in NSE co-location case Oils and Oilseeds: Edible, non-edibles weakens further Bullion: Both the precious metals, gold and silver Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Dow dragged down by banks; S&P and Nasdaq flat By Reuters Published: 13:03 EST, 8 February 2017 | Updated: 13:03 EST, 8 February 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Feb 8 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite index were little changed on Wednesday, while the Dow was pressured by losses in bank stocks. The financial index dropped 1 percent and was on track to mark its biggest drop in three weeks due to declines in JPMorgan and Wells Fargo. Analysts say market is reducing expectations for the number of U.S. interest rate hikes this year as well as for fiscal stimulus policies and tax cuts from President Donald Trump's administration. Goldman Sachs fell 1.1 percent and was the biggest drag on the Dow. The dollar slipped 0.14 percent, while gold rose to a near three-month high amid political uncertainty in Europe ahead of elections. At 12:24 p.m. ET (1724 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 38.02 points, or 0.19 percent, at 20,052.27 and the S&P 500 was down 0.17 points, or flat, at 2,292.91. The Nasdaq Composite was up 1.07 points, or 0.02 percent, at 5,675.28. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by gains in technology and consumer discretionary stocks. Cognizant rose 4 percent to $55.93 after the IT services provider named three directors to its board and announced a $3.4 billion share buyback program, bowing to pressure from activist shareholder Elliott Management. Healthcare was off 0.29 percent, dragged down by Gilead. The drugmaker's stock, which also weighed on the S&P and the Nasdaq, slid 9.7 percent after the company projected disappointing sales for its hepatitis C drugs this year. U.S. carrier Alaska Air rose 2 percent to $96.06 after the company reported a 10.7 percent jump in quarterly revenue. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,490 to 1,370. On the Nasdaq, 1,746 issues fell and 997 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 16 new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 67 new highs and 40 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Today Today Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports Article Archive Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Books Magazine My Library About Us Account Advertising Authors Browse Topics Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Glossary Keyword Index Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Sign In Register Home Today Culture Education History News Travel Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Free Reports Books Magazine My Library Trading Post Sign In Register Native News Lynne Sladky/AP Photo As of February 6 some $30 million had been defunded from Wells Fargo Bank due to being one of the DAPL banks. Hit Back at DAPL Banks to Stand with Standing Rock DAPL Defunding Hits $57 Million from Individuals As Tribes Begin to Disinvest from DAPL Banks Mark Fogarty • February 8, 2017 People controlling more than 1,800 deposit accounts have reported removing more than $57 million from DAPL banks involved in the financing of the Dakota Access Pipeline. In addition, at least four tribes have been reported as disinvesting from the financial institutions involved in funding DAPL, though the amounts involved have not been divulged. Of the 1,806 accounts self-reported closed as of February 6, per a tally maintained by website defunddapl.org, nearly a third, 564, were with Wells Fargo Bank. JPMorgan Chase was second, at 431, followed by Bank of America, 372, and Citigroup, 132. Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Download Today! Smaller numbers were reported for TD Bank, ING Bank, HSBC, PNC, and US Bank. Amounts defunded include $30 million at Wells, $8 million at Bank of America, $6 million at Chase, $3.3 million at TD Bank, $2.8 million at US Bank, and $2.5 million at Citigroup. A person identifying himself only as Caleb said defunddapl.org was an effort by, “allies at Standing Rock [who want] to build widespread awareness in young people about the role banks play in financing the environmental and social degradation of our planet and that we all have the power to stop them. We are building coalitions in cities to work on civic level engagement and building grassroots campaigns to push big companies to like REI to defund banks which profit off DAPL and other extractive investments.” In addition to the website, information on the disinvestments can be found on a digital billboard in New York City’s Times Square. The billboard, said to be on display through the end of March, features the “Water Is Life” slogan as well as “We Are Water Protectors,” “Stand with Standing Rock,” and “Divest from the Dakota Pipeline.” Sponsors are said to include Sacred Stone Camp, Honor the Earth, Indigenous Environmental Network, and International Indigenous Youth Council. A video of the billboard can be found here. The tribes reported to be agreeing to disinvest from the DAPL banks involved in funding the pipeline include the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe of North/South Dakota, adjacent to the pipeline construction, the Nez Perce tribe of Idaho, the Mille Lacs Ojibwe of Minnesota, and the Muckleshoot Tribe of Washington state. In addition to being the brunt of the anger of the largest number of individual de-funders, Wells Fargo was in the crosshairs of an effort to get the city of Seattle to disinvest as much as $3 billion worth of business with the big bank. An 8-0 committee vote last week advanced a bill calling for the city to not renew its depository contract with Wells when it runs out at the end of 2018, and to not invest in any Wells securities. On Tuesday, February 7, the Seattle City Council completed the divestiture process. “Wells has not in any way matched the values of this city,” one committee member said. The full council meeting was scheduled for February 6 but had been postponed, apparently due to a snowstorm. Wells Fargo has released a statement saying it “understands the social and environmental concerns associated with projects such as the Dakota Access Pipeline” and that it is “one of 17 financial institutions involved in financing the DAPL. The loans we have provided represent less than 5 percent of the total.” The bank touted its record as a leader in the financing of renewable energy and clean technology. “We have supported the evolution of energy markets toward cleaner forms of generation by investing more than $52 billion in environmentally sustainable businesses since 2012. In 2015, projects owned in whole or in part by Wells Fargo produced 10 percent of all solar photovoltaic and wind energy generated in the U.S.” Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Download Today! It also lauded its role in providing financing to tribes and Native people, in all “more than 200 tribal and Native entities in 27 states, including tribal community development projects.” Home Mortgage Disclosure Act figures for 2015 from the ComplianceTech (McLean, Virginia) LendingPatterns database show that Wells was the second biggest mortgage lender to Natives in Seattle that year. Its volume was $2.1 million, through seven loans, about 11 percent of the total. (In all, 30 lenders loaned $18 million to American Indians in the city of Seattle.) It also was second in mortgage lending to Natives nationwide, at $415.3 million, or about seven percent of the total. Perhaps coincidentally, Wells Fargo has just announced a series of donations totaling $500,000 to nonprofit groups in the Seattle area. Its NeighborhoodLIFT program will give $100,000 apiece to Capitol Hill Housing, Downtown Emergency Service Center, El Centro de la Raza, Homestead Community Land Trust, and Mercy Housing Northwest. The money comes from a $5 million commitment by Wells Fargo to boost local homeownership and revitalize neighborhoods. “NeighborhoodLIFT will create hundreds of homeowners in Seattle-King County through homebuyer education plus matching down payment assistance grants up to $7,500. More than $3.3 million in down payment assistance grants are still available.” While the “17 lenders” number Wells quotes appears frequently in news accounts, a filing by pipeline company Energy Transfer Partners indicates the number of lenders is higher than that, or at least was as of 2015. A Securities and Exchange Commission filing by Energy Transfer Partners LP of Delaware in 2015 listed 26 DAPL banks that had committed a total of $3.75 billion towards a revolving credit facility for the DAPL project. Wells was one of the three DAPL banks with the biggest commitment of $185 million, or 4.93 percent. The others pledging that same amount were Bank of America and Royal Bank of Scotland. Nine other DAPL banks, including JPMorgan Chase Bank, pledged $175 million in financing. Wells Fargo was listed as the Administrative Agent on the Feb. 10, 2015 filing, which memorialized an increase of $1.25 billion from the original financing of $2.5 billion. (See related story for full list of lenders and amounts.) Eight new lenders joined the original consortium for the 2015 filing, including BNP Paribas Bank, which committed $159 million. News reports say DNB Bank of Norway is “reconsidering” its financing for the project. Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Download Today! Related Articles Speaking out Galanda and Carranza: Go for the gold, Indian country! Nighthorse Campbell: Governor Palin supports Native communities Tags american indians, Dakota Access Pipeline, indians, indigenous, Muckleshoot Tribe, native, native people, Nez Perce Tribe, Sioux Tribe, standing rock sioux tribe, the nez perce, the nez perce tribe, tribal, tribal community, tribe, tribe of. Comments are closed. Browse Topics Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College 50 Must-See Modern Native American Movies and Performances Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Blackjack! 21 Stellar, Native-Owned Resorts & Casinos Interested in more information on Native Indian Nation? Visit Our Nations Directory Credit Card Identification Number This number is recorded as an additional security precaution. American Express 4 digit, non-embossed number printed above your account number on the front of your card. Visa 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the of the card immediately following the card account number. MasterCard 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the back of the card. × Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × × Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Today Culture Education History News Travel Free Reports Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain More Free Reports Calendar Classifieds Directories Books Magazine My Library Browse Topics Article Archive Keyword Index Glossary Contact Us Advertising About Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Account Authors Today Culture History Education News Travel Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Buffer Diggit Email More Facebook Flattr Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Print Reddit Stumble tumblr Twitter VK WhatsApp Yummly Xing Friend's email Message  https://indiancountrymedianetwork.com/news/native-news/hit-back-dapl-banks-standing-rock/ Send
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WisdomTree Investments Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WisdomTree Investments Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Northcoast Research Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (NASDAQ:WETF) – Analysts at Northcoast Research cut their Q1 2017 EPS estimates for WisdomTree Investments in a note issued to investors on Monday. Northcoast Research analyst K. Housum now anticipates that the firm will earn $0.05 per share for the quarter, down from their prior estimate of $0.06. Northcoast Research also issued estimates for WisdomTree Investments’ FY2018 earnings at $0.36 EPS. A number of other research analysts have also issued reports on WETF. Citigroup Inc. restated a “sell” rating on shares of WisdomTree Investments in a report on Tuesday, October 18th. Credit Suisse Group restated a “buy” rating and issued a $11.00 target price on shares of WisdomTree Investments in a report on Monday, November 7th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $12.00 target price on shares of WisdomTree Investments and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. Bank of America Corporation lowered shares of WisdomTree Investments from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $10.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated an “underweight” rating and issued a $8.00 target price on shares of WisdomTree Investments in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $11.88. WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/northcoast-research-research-analysts-decrease-earnings-estimates-for-wisdomtree-investments-inc-wetf.html. WisdomTree Investments (NASDAQ:WETF) opened at 9.00 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $10.91 and its 200-day moving average is $10.44. WisdomTree Investments has a 1-year low of $8.00 and a 1-year high of $13.72. The stock has a market cap of $1.21 billion, a PE ratio of 47.37 and a beta of 3.25. WisdomTree Investments (NASDAQ:WETF) last released its earnings results on Friday, February 3rd. The company reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.06 by $0.03. WisdomTree Investments had a net margin of 11.92% and a return on equity of 13.61%. The firm had revenue of $50.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $50.85 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.15 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 33.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of WisdomTree Investments by 0.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,056,715 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,874,000 after buying an additional 5,387 shares during the period. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co increased its stake in shares of WisdomTree Investments by 0.4% in the third quarter. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co now owns 244,879 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,520,000 after buying an additional 1,056 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of WisdomTree Investments by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 726,232 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,473,000 after buying an additional 5,309 shares during the period. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK increased its stake in shares of WisdomTree Investments by 127.4% in the second quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 1,388,325 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,592,000 after buying an additional 777,671 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in shares of WisdomTree Investments by 0.9% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 71,310 shares of the company’s stock valued at $734,000 after buying an additional 610 shares during the period. 96.06% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/northcoast-research-research-analysts-decrease-earnings-estimates-for-wisdomtree-investments-inc-wetf.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be issued a $0.08 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 13th. This represents a $0.32 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.56%. WisdomTree Investments’s payout ratio is 160.00%. About WisdomTree Investments WisdomTree Investments, Inc is an asset management company that focuses on exchange-traded funds (ETFs). The Company’s family of ETFs includes fundamentally weighted funds that track its own indexes, funds that track third party indexes and actively managed funds. The Company operates through exchange traded products (ETP) sponsor and asset manager providing investment advisory services segment. Receive News & Ratings for WisdomTree Investments Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WisdomTree Investments Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Europe News European crisis: The markets are already there, says analyst Silvia Amaro | @Silvia_Amaro Wednesday, 8 Feb 2017 | 8:15 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Louisa Gouliamaki | AFP | Getty Images Concerns over the future of the European Union have increased as several key elections approach and issues surrounding sovereign debt remain. Italian, French and Greek government bond yield spreads over the German bund have reached new highs amid market nervousness that Europe could be back in a state of crisis. "Somehow the market is there already," Beat Wittmann, partner at Porta Advisors told CNBC on Wednesday. "We will have elections in the Netherlands, in France, in Germany, in one, two, three, four months and that's an eternity in politics, as we have seen in the last 12 months. So yes, in Europe, things will get rougher and more nervous but a lot of that is in the market already," Wittman added. The political calendar is busy, with core member states electing new leaders, but it could become busier with the possibility of snap elections in Italy and Greece. Snap Italian elections The yield on the Italian 10-year government bond rose to 201.8 basis points over Germany on Wednesday morning, the highest since February 2014. According to Alex Dryden, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management, this was due to political risks. He told CNBC over the phone that investors see the possibility of snap elections being called in the near future. "We do have some concerns if they call elections," Dryden added. Italy is under a caretaker government after former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi resigned late last year. However, President Sergio Mattarella has refused to call elections before political parties agreed on changes to the electoral law. A court ruling at the end of January upheld some changes to the constitution, supporting views that elections before the summer were possible. Investors are worried that that the Italian election would further destabilize the euro zone -- especially if the populist 5-star movement, which has promised a referendum on the country's membership of the euro, makes a strong showing in the polls. "The most immediate reason why Italian bonds fell this morning is their close connection to renewed tensions over the Greek bailout terms with new disagreements between the Eurogroup of sovereign creditors and the IMF," Jan Randolph, director of sovereign risk at IHS Markit told CNBC via email. show chapters Italy reform prospects are weaker with new govt: Eurasia    Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 1:17 AM ET | 01:31 Greek drama "This "Italian connection" pattern was established in past bailout tensions amongst Greece's public-based creditors; and highly indebted euro zone governments like Italy are seem as vulnerable. If Italy were to ever to get into debt trouble again – like in the last few weeks of the Berlusconi government – then a bailout would be virtually impossible if the euro zone creditors and IMF cannot agree on debt sustainability issues. This scenario would be potentially explosive for the Eurozone," he added. Greece has also returned to the headlines this week as it is once again at odds with its creditors over the need to impose further austerity measures. If such impasse isn't overcome over the next few weeks, then Greece might be in trouble to repay creditors in the summer and become another headache for European leaders at a time when their main focus in on winning elections. French farce? show chapters Why this week is crucial for France’s right-wing politicians    Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 1:31 AM ET | 03:53 This is the case in France, where the outcome of the presidential election gets more uncertain by the day. The 10-year government bond yields rose 78.8 points against the German bund on Wednesday morning, the highest since November 2012. "A Le Pen win in France with a clear program to put the EU, the euro, NATO, etc up for referendum of course is going to drive these spread yields as we get closer to the election," Wittman said. However, Dryden from JPMorgan belives that political risk is "overdone" in France, given that the election includes two rounds, which decreases the chances of a final win for the far-right of Le Pen. Nonetheless, as the political calendar advances and the European political landscape becomes clearer, there should be some buying opportunities around. "I am a firm believer that by the end of the year there's full integrity of the euro zone, I'd treat that as a buying opportunity (Italian bonds)," Wittman told CNBC. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Silvia AmaroDigital Reporter, CNBC.com To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. (CRESY) is Serengeti Asset Management LP’s 10th Largest Position Posted by William Strong on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Serengeti Asset Management LP increased its position in Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. (NASDAQ:CRESY) by 150.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 350,000 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 210,000 shares during the period. Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. accounts for about 1.6% of Serengeti Asset Management LP’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. Serengeti Asset Management LP’s holdings in Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. were worth $6,251,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CRESY. Bienville Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. by 32.6% in the second quarter. Bienville Capital Management LLC now owns 771,667 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,904,000 after buying an additional 189,820 shares during the last quarter. GAM Holding AG boosted its stake in shares of Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. by 109.1% in the third quarter. GAM Holding AG now owns 184,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,286,000 after buying an additional 96,000 shares during the last quarter. Dorsey Wright & Associates acquired a new stake in shares of Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. during the third quarter worth about $494,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new stake in shares of Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. during the second quarter worth about $367,000. 24.07% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. (NASDAQ:CRESY) traded down 1.46% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $17.49. 18,702 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $16.44 and a 200-day moving average price of $16.76. Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. has a one year low of $9.36 and a one year high of $18.35. The firm’s market capitalization is $872.16 million. WARNING: This article was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/cresud-s-a-c-i-f-y-a-cresy-is-serengeti-asset-management-lps-10th-largest-position.html. About Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. Cresud Sociedad Anonima Comercial, Inmobiliaria, Financiera y Agropecuaria is an agricultural company engaged in the production of basic agricultural commodities with presence in the agricultural sector of Brazil, through its investment in Brasilagro, as well as in other Latin American countries. In addition, the Company leases lands to third parties and perform agency and agro-industrial services, including a meat packing plant. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CRESY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. (NASDAQ:CRESY). Receive News & Ratings for Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Brookdale Senior Living Inc. (BKD) is SG Capital Management LLC’s 2nd Largest Position Next » Gavea Investimentos Ltda Takes Position in POSCO (PKX) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 February 2017 by Military News Coherus Prices Public Offering of Common Stock REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Feb. 08, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Coherus BioSciences, Inc. (Nasdaq:CHRS) today announced the pricing of its underwritten public offering of 5,154,640 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $24.25 per share. All of the shares of the common stock to be sold in the offering will be offered by Coherus. In addition, Coherus has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 773,196 shares of its common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discount, solely to cover over-allotments. Coherus intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for building the sales and marketing infrastructure for CHS-1701, inventory build, manufacturing and related activities to support the potential launch of CHS-1701, ongoing manufacturing and clinical trial activities for CHS-0214 and CHS-1420, and any remaining proceeds for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The offering is expected to close on or about February 13, 2017, subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions.  J.P. Morgan and Citigroup are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering.  Cowen and Company and BMO Capital Markets are acting as lead managers for the offering. A registration statement (including a prospectus) relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and became effective on January 21, 2016. This offering is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities LLC c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: 866-803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; or Citigroup Global Markets Inc. c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 800-831-9146. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Coherus BioSciences, Inc. Coherus is a leading pure-play, global biosimilar company that develops and commercializes high-quality therapeutics for major regulated markets. Biosimilars are intended for use in place of existing, branded biologics to treat a range of chronic and often life-threatening diseases, with the potential to reduce costs and expand patient access. Composed of a team of industry veterans with expertise in process science, analytical characterization, protein production and clinical-regulatory development, Coherus’ goal is to become a leader in the global biosimilar marketplace. Coherus is advancing three late-stage clinical products towards commercialization, CHS-1701 (pegfilgrastim biosimilar), CHS-0214 (etanercept biosimilar) and CHS-1420 (adalimumab biosimilar), as well as developing a robust pipeline of future products in four therapeutic areas, oncology, immunology (anti-TNF), ophthalmology and multiple sclerosis. Forward-Looking Statements Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding Coherus’ plans, potential opportunities including market opportunities, expectations, goals, objectives, strategies, product pipeline, clinical studies, product development, and the potential benefits of its products under development are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding completion, timing, size and use of proceeds of the proposed public offering that involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, risks and uncertainties related to market conditions and the satisfaction of closing conditions related to the proposed public offering. Such forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties that relate to future events and the actual results could differ significantly from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Coherus undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. For a further description of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in these forward-looking statements, as well as risks relating to Coherus’ business in general, please refer to the Company’s preliminary prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on February 7, 2017, including the documents incorporated by reference therein, which includes its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 9, 2016, August 9, 2016 and November 9, 2016 and its subsequent periodic reports filed with the SEC. 
Contact:
Patrick O’Brien
Senior Vice President, Investor Relations
Coherus BioSciences, Inc.
pobrien@coherus.com
+1 (650) 649-3527
 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBooks, Business, commission, Companies, company, general, Industry, major, Markets, private, Science, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MEI Pharma Reports Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Results Next PostNext Breyting frá áður birtu fjárhagsdagatali – Aðalfundur HB Granda verður haldinn 5. maí 2017 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Topics Trending more Topics Culture Policy & Politics World Business & Finance Technology Science & Health Identities Energy & Environment Explainers Video First Person Podcasts The Big Idea New Money Trending ✕ The return of an unfettered Wall Street Donald Trump says we need deregulation to help his friends get loans. Updated by Matthew Yglesias@mattyglesias Feb 8, 2017, 8:00am EST tweet share Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Donald Trump campaigned as a champion of the “forgotten man,” promising to make America great again with a focus on lunch-pail populism and steel mills. He accused both Ted Cruz and Hillary Clinton of being “totally controlled” by Wall Street. And he cleverly leveraged Bernie Sanders’s primary campaign accusations that Clinton was too close to banks into weapons he himself could wield. On the campaign trail, Trump alleged that “Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of US sovereignty,” and that the United States has merely “an illusion of democracy” but is “in fact controlled by a small handful of special global interests rigging the system.” In his campaign’s closing ad on the subject, Trump drove the point home by juxtaposing Clinton with pictures of various prominent Jewish financiers. Then, having won the election, he set about installing an incredible array of financial industry insiders at high levels of policymaking. They’re setting a policy trajectory that’s a stunning reversal of both Trump’s campaign rhetoric and the broad track of American policymaking over the years. After the crash of 2008, there was broad consensus that something had to be changed. The Obama administration, joined by a handful of Republicans, put together the Dodd-Frank act to overhaul financial regulation in the United States. Many critics on the left (and a few on the right) argued that the law didn’t go far enough and should have implemented hard caps on the size of financial institutions. Most Republicans rejected the law but embraced alternative theories of how regulation ought to be changed — in terms of stricter limits on bank borrowing, an end of government involvement in mortgage securitization, or some kind of effort to guarantee that there would be no government bailouts in the future. They are all different theories aimed at a similar goal — to restrain banks from engaging in excessive risk-taking that endangered the economy. Trump is, however, simply throwing all of that out the window in favor of the idea that what America needs is more rules written with input of the banks themselves and aimed at the goal of encouraging a return of risky lending. That’s likely to be great for bankers, bank shareholders, and maybe the odd wealthy real estate developer while doing nothing for Middle America or the middle class. Trump’s Wall Street team Trump’s set of policy advisers so far is drawn overwhelmingly from Wall Street. Even without formal new acts of Congress, an administration team that wants to do Wall Street’s bidding can easily get its way by simply encouraging regulatory agencies to turn a blind eye to enforcement. Trump’s National Economic Council chief, Gary Cohn, comes to the White House directly from service as chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs. For leaving the investment bank to join the government, he received a massive $285 million bonus from Goldman. Trump’s Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, is a hedge fund manager who used to work at Goldman Sachs. The populist wing of Trump’s administration is represented by senior counselor Steve Bannon, who used to work at Goldman Sachs, and the moderate wing of his administration is represented by Trump’s daughter Ivanka, who tapped Goldman Sachs’s Dina Powell to serve as her policy adviser. Then, on Friday, outside of a meeting with a new council of CEOs that includes JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon, Trump proclaimed that “there’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank” — the big financial regulation overhaul passed in the wake of the crisis — “than Jamie.” He proceeded to issue a vaguely worded executive order instructing his Treasury secretary to conduct a 120-day review of Dodd-Frank’s provisions and come up with proposals for things to scrap. It adds up to an administration that’s overwhelmingly likely to do the complete opposite of draining the swamp. Barack Obama’s financial regulatory apparatus almost certainly won’t be entirely thrown out the window, and it’s unlikely to be replaced by a sweeping new ideological vision. Instead, it will simply be implemented and overseen by and for the interests of the kind of wealthy business executives whose opinions Trump personally values. As Trump himself explained while unveiling the order, “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” To explain why, he referenced his rich friends. “I have so many people, friends of mine, with nice businesses, they can’t borrow money because the banks just won’t let them borrow, because of the rules and regulations and Dodd-Frank.” As Larry Summers, former Treasury secretary and National Economic Council chair, put it, this is more like grousing from “an East Hampton cocktail party than a serious policy discussion.” But of course, Trump has a lot more experience with society parties than with serious policy discussions. Bank deregulation without principles Throughout the Obama era, conservative opposition to the post-crisis regulatory landscape took two broad flavors. The basic premise of both the Federal Reserve and the White House was that, faced with financial crisis, the government had no choice but to intervene to rescue the system. Given that reality, a responsible government has an obligation to try to regulate the system in order to avoid the need for bailouts. One strand of opposition to Obama’s regulatory efforts, personified by House Financial Services Committee Chair Jeb Hensarling, basically rejects this premise. This strand’s view is that a drastically simplified regulatory framework — perhaps including a crude limit on bank borrowing and not much else — would be fine, and what the federal government really needs to do is tie itself more strongly to the mast of free markets and no bailouts. The other strand of opposition, reflected in industry, is simply that the industry would prefer not to be regulated. Bankers feel that if American banks weren’t regulated so much, they could do business more aggressively, which would be good. Trump’s choice of the COO of one giant bank as his top economic policy adviser and citation of the CEO of another giant bank as a leading authority on smart regulatory policy is a good sign of where he stands on this. His anecdote explaining that some of his rich friends are being told regulation is the reason they can’t get loans is, in its way, even more telling. Statistically speaking, there is more bank lending today than ever before. But it’s certainly true that if regulators allowed banks to engage in riskier behavior, some new risky bets could get made. The downside, of course, would be a much more fragile economy. Trump is laying the groundwork for the next financial crisis It’s noteworthy that Cohn, whom Trump is relying on for advice, was Goldman’s COO, a practical businessman whose job was to work to make the bank more profitable. Goldman Sachs also has a division dedicated to conducting big-picture analysis of the global economy. That research division is headed by Jan Hatzius, whose views of Trump’s economic policies are worth paying attention to. Goldman’s analysis of the Trump economy is a balance between the idea that Trump will deliver a short-term boost to growth thanks to fiscal stimulus and the concern that Trump will hurt the economy with chaos and trade wars. That Trump’s team of former Goldmanites will unleash prosperity by deregulating Goldman Sachs doesn’t strike Goldman’s economic analysts as plausible. In part, that’s simply because with the unemployment rate already low and the Federal Reserve already in the process of raising interest rates, there’s no room for this to work. Indeed, Cohn himself, speaking to the Wall Street Journal last week about his deregulatory agenda, said the United States has “the best, most highly capitalized banks in the world, and we should use that to our competitive advantage.” Weaker regulation, in other words, will let US-based banks gain more global market share relative to European or Japanese competitors. That’s great if you happen to be a bank shareholder or a bank executive, or have a yearly bonus pegged to bank share prices. But it has nothing to do with creating job opportunities for the long-term unemployed or increasing middle-class wages. There’s no great mystery as to how regulatory policy shaped primarily by the business interests of major banks ends — big profits, big bonuses, and eventually a big crash and a big bailout. But the genius of bank regulation as a policy area is that no matter how badly you screw it up, the odds are that on any given day, there won’t be a financial crisis anyway. A poorly supervised financial system can pile on egregious hidden risks for fun and profit and suffer no obvious bad consequences for years. If it happens to blow up in an election year, of course, you’re screwed. But while dramatic moves on immigration, health care, and budget policy are sure to provoke immediate blowback, on bank regulation, it’s entirely plausible that Trump will sow the seeds of destruction and nobody will notice until reelection is in the rearview mirror. Was this article helpful? Awesome, share it: tweet share Help us improve. Give us your feedback: Your email address: Next Up In Policy & Politics Whether or not Trump takes his immigration order to the Supreme Court, the legal battle’s still raging CNN reports that parts of the Russian dossier have been corroborated. Calm down. Donald Trump won’t let his voter fraud myth die Why Donald Trump keeps calling Elizabeth Warren “Pocahontas” Trump once again complained about nonexistent voter fraud in a closed-door meeting with Congress The one big hurdle to rewriting Trump's refugee ban so it holds up in court Most Read On Friday, a full moon, a lunar eclipse, and a green comet will light up the sky This philosopher predicted Trump's rise in 1998 — and he has another warning for the left Why Donald Trump keeps calling Elizabeth Warren “Pocahontas” CNN reports that parts of the Russian dossier have been corroborated. Calm down. The psychiatrist who wrote the guide to personality disorders says diagnosing Trump is “bullshit” Get Vox in your inbox Enter your email address By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 27. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Vox Sentences: Mike Flynn gets thrown under a Russia-shaped bus by Dara Lind and Dylan Matthews The national security adviser apparently assumed no one listens to phone calls with the Russian ambassador. Whether or not Trump takes his immigration order to the Supreme Court, the legal battle’s still raging by Dara Lind Here’s what’s next. What to expect from the 2017 Grammys by Aja Romano@ajaromano Beyoncé and Adele are already the talk of the evening. CNN reports that parts of the Russian dossier have been corroborated. Calm down. by Tara Golshan It wasn’t the sex tape. Tonight a full moon, a lunar eclipse, and a green comet will light up the sky by Brian Resnick@B_resnick Here’s how to watch. Donald Trump won’t let his voter fraud myth die by Jacob Gardenswartz@gardenswartzj He also called Elizabeth Warren “Pocahontas” again. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Visa Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts William Blair Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Visa Inc. (V) Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) – Equities researchers at William Blair dropped their Q2 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Visa in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. William Blair analyst R. Napoli now forecasts that the brokerage will post earnings per share of $0.76 for the quarter, down from their previous forecast of $0.79. William Blair also issued estimates for Visa’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.81 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.89 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $3.32 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $3.86 EPS. Several other research firms have also commented on V. Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Visa from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $92.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Wedbush raised shares of Visa from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $77.00 to $96.00 in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Vetr raised shares of Visa from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $87.75 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their target price on shares of Visa from $94.00 to $93.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, October 25th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Visa in a research note on Tuesday, November 15th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-nine have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $93.35. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “William Blair Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Visa Inc. (V)” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/william-blair-analysts-cut-earnings-estimates-for-visa-inc-v.html. Visa (NYSE:V) opened at 85.78 on Monday. Visa has a 52 week low of $67.43 and a 52 week high of $86.82. The company has a market capitalization of $199.36 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.25 and a beta of 1.00. The company has a 50 day moving average of $81.44 and a 200 day moving average of $80.97. Visa (NYSE:V) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.08. The company earned $4.46 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.29 billion. Visa had a net margin of 38.30% and a return on equity of 26.48%. Visa’s quarterly revenue was up 25.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.69 EPS. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of V. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Visa by 1.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 118,024,396 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $8,753,870,000 after buying an additional 1,207,526 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of Visa by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 51,126,744 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $4,228,182,000 after buying an additional 239,481 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 27,427,533 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,268,257,000 after buying an additional 967,565 shares during the period. Finally, Magellan Asset Management Ltd increased its stake in shares of Visa by 1.5% in the second quarter. Magellan Asset Management Ltd now owns 16,267,433 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $1,206,556,000 after buying an additional 238,821 shares during the period. 80.76% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “William Blair Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Visa Inc. (V)” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/08/william-blair-analysts-cut-earnings-estimates-for-visa-inc-v.html. In related news, EVP William M. Sheedy sold 125,372 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.74, for a total value of $10,749,395.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 365,769 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $31,361,034.06. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 0.14% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, March 7th. Investors of record on Friday, February 17th will be paid a $0.165 dividend. This represents a $0.66 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.77%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 15th. Visa’s dividend payout ratio is currently 26.09%. Visa Company Profile Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Jabre Capital Partners S.A. Invests $4,780,000 in Hershey Company (The) (HSY) Next » Xylem Inc. (XYL) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.56 Per Share, Boenning Scattergood Forecasts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations NI Assembly Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News JP Morgan turns down event designed to tempt London-based firms to Paris Published 08/02/2017 0 Comments Share JP Morgan turns down event designed to tempt London-based firms to Paris BelfastTelegraph.co.uk France's attempt to woo big City-based banks to Paris following Brexit has got off to a stuttering start after it emerged that JP Morgan did not attend a key summit held at London's Shard. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/jp-morgan-turns-down-event-designed-to-tempt-londonbased-firms-to-paris-35434553.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35434552.ece/5026a/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-fb61adff-f842-437c-bc14-69cf09ce9bd9_I1.jpg Email No JP Morgan representatives attended an event aimed at luring London-based financial firms to Paris, according to sources France's attempt to woo big City-based banks to Paris following Brexit has got off to a stuttering start after it emerged that JP Morgan did not attend a key summit held at London's Shard. Banking sources told the Press Association that despite being invited, not a single JP Morgan representative attended the event, which was aimed at luring London-based financial firms to the French capital. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments An invitation to attend a separate meeting with a French delegation of business leaders and politicians on the sidelines of Monday's event was also rejected, with organisers being told that JP Morgan representatives were not in London that day. It meant the US banking giant was missing in action at Monday's summit, which saw more than 60 representatives from UK-based banks, fund managers and insurance firms descend on the London's Shard skyscraper to hear about the benefits of choosing Paris as their post-Brexit destination. News of JP Morgan's absence represents a setback to French hopes of grabbing a slice of Britain's financial services sector pie. The Wall Street lender did, however, send staff from its German office to an invite-only event held by state regulators in Frankfurt at the end of January. Germany's financial watchdog Bafin hosted around 50 representatives from more than 20 banks, including JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs, for a workshop that set out guidelines for setting up shop in Frankfurt following Brexit. JP Morgan chie f executive Jamie Dimon has said around 4,000 of its 16,000 UK staff in London could be shifted out of Britain to protect its European business after Brexit, though a potential location has yet to be revealed. Mr Dimon was among a number of Wall Street bosses that met with Prime Minister Theresa May on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum's annual meeting in Davos, Switzerland, last month, shortly after the Government outlined plans to scrap access to the EU's single market. Experts have speculated that rival financial centres such as Dublin, Frankfurt and Paris could end up siphoning off some of the City's business as they court financial services firms ahead of Brexit. HSBC has already confirmed that it is on course to move 1,000 jobs from its London office to France, where it already has a full service universal bank after buying up Credit Commercial de France in 2002. A hard Brexit would effectively remove passporting rights that allow UK-based financial services to trade across the bloc without needing to apply for licenses in each member state. It has raised concerns among City firms who rely on EU business, including insurance market Lloyd's of London, which is searching for a European hub to host a portion of its business in light of Brexit. Sources close to Lloyd's told the Press Association that Luxembourg has emerged as the frontrunner on a short list of five sites - including Malta, Dublin, Frankfurt and Paris - for a potential EU subsidiary. JP Morgan declined to comment. Read More FTSE 100 rises as China trade data lifts mining stocks  The FTSE 100 ended the day higher thanks to a jump in mining stocks, as investors cheered Chinese data showing a rise in commodity imports. British Airways cabin crew to stage new four-day strike in dispute over pay  British Airways cabin crew are to stage a fresh four-day strike in a long-running dispute over pay. Apple's Tim Cook tells Theresa May he is 'very optimistic' about UK’s future after Brexit  Tim Cook has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Trickle-down economics 'does not work', says Archbishop of Canterbury  Rich people should pay more tax because trickle-down economics does not work, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said. Popular Video: Moment car transporter gets stuck under railway bridge in Northern Ireland  Video News PSNI investigating sudden death of officer at Portrush police station  Northern Ireland Slurry tanker crashes into Glenavy home  Northern Ireland Beautiful Armagh bride Sabrina Ryan died aged 32 - now her legacy is...  Northern Ireland West Belfast man Christopher O'Neill cleared of murdering his baby daughter...  Northern Ireland Watch: Horrifying moment NI car spins out of control Northern Ireland Assembly election candidates Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Bot Wednesday, Feb 8, [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Limelight for Sketchy [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland Unauthorised Union flag and pole removed from NI roundabout  News 'Catch a grip' - Gemma Garrett slams critics of BBC's beauty queen dating show  Northern Ireland Video of NI pupils fighting watched 1.5m times  Video News Daniel O’Donnell in wedding flashmob  Reviews Fifty Shades Darker review: 'An ordeal to watch because of its utter blandness'  Health Common way of cooking rice leaves traces of arsenic, Queen's scientist warns  World China to rebuild ancient Silk Road [Infographic]  NI Assembly Election Poll: Majority of nationalists want joint rule  NI Assembly Election DUP braced for shock RHI revelations as Jonathan Bell says: 'There is much more to come'  Features 'Iceland knows how to stop teen substance abuse but the rest of the world isn’t listening'  Technology Netflix: How to unlock all hidden categories  Northern Ireland Barcelona 'saviour' Patrick O'Connell honoured at Belfast's Windsor Park  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations NI Assembly Election Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson Economy Watch Company Profiles Business Awards Food and Drink Awards Food & Drink Awards Guide Entertainment Horoscopes News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Food & Drink Awards Guide Features Books Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video Search Go
Breaking News × PressTV Schedule Watch Live   News Middle East Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Iran Politics Economy Energy Nuclear Energy Culture Defence US UK Videos Programs A Simple Question Africa Today Comment Economic Divide Food for Thought Iran Iran Today Islam and Life On The News Line Pictures that Shake the World Press Plus The Sun Will Rise The Isle True Image Docs فارسی French فارسی French Saudi Aramco picks Israel-linked banker Wed Feb 8, 2017 11:42AM Home Middle East Palestine Oil tanks seen at the Saudi Aramco headquarters during a media tour at Damam city November 11, 2007. (Photo by Reuters) Saudi Arabian Oil Co. (Aramco) has chosen the New York-based boutique investment bank Moelis & Co to advise on its initial public offering, reports say. The sale of the world’s biggest oil company is the latest of several moves by the Saudi government to generate revenues in the face of a gaping budget deficit. Aramco had invited banks in January to pitch for an advisory position on what is expected to be the world's biggest initial public offering.   JPMorgan, which has been Aramco’s commercial banker for years, and Michael Klein, a former star Citigroup banker, had been advising Saudi authorities on the IPO. However, the kingdom’s decision to pick a small banker has surprised many observers. International business outlets such as Bloomberg and the Financial Times said the choice represents a coup for Moelis founded no sooner than 2007. The IPO, which is predicted to raise about $100 billion, is set to yield millions of dollars in fees and push Moelis up in global investment bank rankings. Last year, Moelis hired Shlomo Yanai, a retired Israeli military officer, to join the firm as a senior adviser. Yanai had earlier been offered the directorship of the Israeli spy agency Mossad by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu but he turned it down.  (L to R) Late Israeli president Shimon Peres, Shlomo Yanai and former Teva CEO Eli Hurvitz tour a Teva Pharmaceutical distribution center on March 1, 2011 in Shoham, Israel. (Photo by Getty Images) The oil giant’s initial public offering, holding $2 trillion in assets, is expected to take place in 2018 with an initial sale of a five-percent share. According to Bloomberg, Aramco expects Moelis to help it select underwriters for the sale, make decisions on potential listing venues and ensure the IPO goes smoothly. Saudi Arabia is currently dealing with a budget deficit of nearly $100 billion caused by a sharp slump in oil prices as well as Riyadh’s rising military expenditure. The kingdom emerged as the world’s third largest military spender in 2015 when it began its military campaign against Yemen. Read more:  Saudi Arabia going broke under huge costs  The Saudis have also been forced to introduce a series of austerity measures that include canceling of some bonuses offered to state employees and increasing of entry visa fees for residents and foreigners. The ruling Saudi family will transfer the revenue from the sale of Aramco to the country’s public investment fund (PIF), which will then be tapped to purchase strategic financial and industrial assets abroad. Loading ... Loading ...   News Iran Middle East US UK Asia-Pacific Africa Europe Americas Society Arts Business Sports Video News Bulletin Reports Interviews TV Watch Live Schedule Shows Documentaries PressTV About PressTV Frequencies Privacy Policy Contact Info SMS Subscribe PressTV © Copyright 2016 PressTV. All rights reserved. Top

RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, February 11, 2017 6:08 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Trump banking review raises fears for global standards talks Wednesday February 8, 2017 06:27 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Pompeii opens rare section to the public for Valentine’s day The Edit: Jeremy Scott blends Jesus, Presley and Monroe in latest collection The Edit: Adam Levine receives star on Hollywood Walk of Fame ProjekMMO: Siapa suruh masuk dapur? Syahindah main bola sepak Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article After signing, US President Donald Trump holds up an executive order rolling back regulations from the 2010 Dodd-Frank law on Wall Street reform at the White House in Washington DC, February 3, 2017. — Reuters picLONDON, Feb 8 — President Donald Trump’s review of post-crisis banking rules could sound the death knell for new global standards now being finalised and rip apart a common approach to regulating international lenders, bankers and regulators said. Central banks and watchdogs around the world have spent the past eight years drawing up regulation aimed at preventing a repeat of the 2007-2009 financial crisis, but there are fears that project could unravel after Trump said he wants the US to row back on capital rules. Trump’s order for a regulatory review to overcome what he sees as obstacles to lending came as banking watchdogs were trying to complete the final piece of global capital requirements, known as Basel III. Given that the United States wants to shrink the banking rulebook, there are doubts over whether the Basel rules can make it over the finishing line next month if they don’t have backing from the United States. Without support from the world’s biggest capital market, other countries would be less willing to commit too. The core aim of the outstanding part of Basel III that regulators are working on — dubbed Basel IV by critical banks who worry about more stringent capital requirements — is to impose more consistency into how banks calculate the amount of capital they hold against risky assets like loans. JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon said in the aftermath of the financial crisis that European rivals had been “a lot more aggressive” than American banks in calculating capital, meaning they were holding less. European policymakers have rejected that criticism, but their region’s banks have been lobbying against the remaining Basel rules, saying they would force them to increase significantly the amount of capital they need to hold. If the United States fails to approve the completion of Basel III, the perceived problem that European banks get away with holding less capital than US lenders may not be properly tackled, a source involved in the negotiations said. “It’s in the interests of American banks to get this done,” the source said. Others are less optimistic that a deal can now be done after Trump’s intervention. “It’s going to delay completing Basel III, and perhaps lead to it not being concluded,” an adviser to banks said on condition of anonymity. “I do fear that Basel IV is doomed,” a banking industry official added. There are headwinds from elsewhere, too. Patrick McHenry, Republican vice chairman of the House financial services committee, fired a warning shot at Federal Reserve Governor Janet Yellen about the Basel talks in a letter dated Jan. 31, ahead of Trump’s executive order. The Fed must “cease” all attempts to negotiate binding standards “burdening American business” until the Trump Administration has had the opportunity to nominate officials that prioritise “America’s best interests”, McHenry said. While lawmakers often call on regulators to ease pressure on firms, regulators said Trump’s intervention in banking rules gives more clout to McHenry’s warning. The Basel Committee declined to comment. Global cooperation Trump’s decision to review existing, post-crisis banking rules has rung alarm bells among regulators outside the country. Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, which regulates the euro zone’s main lenders, said on Monday that easing banking rules could threaten financial stability. Draghi was chairman of the Group of 20 Economies’ (G20) regulatory task force, the Financial Stability Board, which during the financial crisis was instrumental in building up a global approach to reinforcing banking standards. A former regulator said the United States would be scoring an own goal by withdrawing from multilateral bodies like Basel as it would no longer be shaping rules that impinge on US banking competitiveness globally. “It’s early days, but what we have seen in language and rhetoric from Washington is worrying,” said David Wright, a former top EU official who was part of crisis-era efforts to create the global regulatory consensus. “If you break international consensus, you are effectively opening up a regulatory race and heaven knows where it will end,” said Wright, now at Flint Global, which advises companies on regulatory matters. Wright was referring to what was seen in the run-up to the financial crisis, when countries like Britain resorted to a “light touch” approach to banks to make London a more attractive financial centre. Valdis Dombrovskis, the EU’s financial services chief, said last week that international regulatory cooperation had been vital in tackling the financial crisis and must continue. Much will hinge on how much regulatory change Trump can actually push through. Former Democratic Congressman Barney Frank, who jointly sponsored the Dodd Frank Act that Trump wants to review, told the BBC last week he does not expect Congress to approve the wholesale rolling back of rules, but the Trump administration could pressure US regulators to ease up on applying existing requirements. Anil Kashyap, a Bank of England policymaker, said last month that Trump’s nomination for the powerful role of Fed Vice Chair in charge of banking supervision would shape the US approach to international rule-making. It will have a “huge impact”, a regulatory source added. The fear among global regulators is that multilateral bodies like the Basel Committee and the Financial Stability Board could be abandoned by the United States under Trump. Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, chairman of Spain’s Bankia, told Spanish television on Tuesday he would be concerned if Trump was questioning the usefulness of international banking rules. “It would worry me very much because I think it’s very important, very relevant that there have been advances in the homogenisation of regulation amongst developed countries,” he said. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business China regulator still plans oil futures, weighs easing equity curbs Bursa Malaysia to trade higher next week Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform Uber suffers for Trump ties that leave Tesla’s Musk unsullied (VIDEO) If Trump hits China, regional demand would ease blow in Asia Bursa Malaysia opens easier Sri Lanka eyes China free trade deal this year, PM to visit in May Another day, another mall: How KL Gateway Mall hopes to succeed in a crowded market Ringgit opens slightly lower against US dollar Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Uber suffers for Trump ties that leave Tesla’s Musk unsullied (VIDEO) Dollar rises on hopes for Trump tax reform China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain Hundreds of immigrants arrested in ‘routine’ US enforcement surge Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Brussels think tank: 'Hard Brexit' could kill 30,000 London jobs and £1.5 trillion of assets Oscar Williams-Grut Feb. 8, 2017, 3:29 AM 853 facebook linkedin twitter email print A view of HSBC and Barclays' headquarters in Canary Wharf, London. Oscar Williams-Grut/Business Insider LONDON — Britain's financial and professional services industries could lose up to 30,000 jobs and at least €8 billion (£6.8 billion) in revenue, according to a new report from a Brussels think tank. Bruegel, a European economic think tank, estimates in a research paper released on Wednesday that Britain's looming "hard Brexit" will cut London's share of European wholesale finance markets from 90% to 60%. This is a result of the likely loss of passporting rights, meaning banks and financial institutions will not be able to sell products and services in EU states from London. As a result of this change, Bruegel estimates that as many as 10,000 wholesale finance jobs could move from London to EU countries. Bruegel's report adds that this banking exodus could lead to a domino effect for other industries, saying: "We estimate that a further 18,000 to 20,000 positions related to professional services (eg consultancy, legal and accounting) might be on the move." JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, and UBS have already publically said they will be forced to move jobs as a result of Brexit and Goldman Sachs is said to be considering moving as many as 3,000 jobs of its own out of the UK. Bruegel, which has close ties to the European Commission, predicts that Britain could lose €7.96 billion of annual revenue alone from the top 5 US banks relocating jobs out of London and says €1.8 trillion worth of assets could be moved to the continent, equivalent to 17% of all UK banking assets.Bruegel These estimates "are for the purposes of illustration and debate, and not intended as forecasts," Bruegel cautions. But they are also not pie in the sky numbers — they are derived from "discussions with market participants throughout Europe," the paper says. Bruegel's estimate of 30,000 job losses — 10,000 in wholesale banking and 20,000 in professional services — is in fact on the conservative end. Consultancy EY estimated last year that as many as 83,000 jobs could disappear as a result of Brexit. Simon Gleeson, a partner with Clifford Chance specialising in financial regulation, told the Financial Times on Wednesday: "In very broad terms, about 20% of the City of London’s volumes come from the EU. So in a hard Brexit scenario, the City loses 20% of its volumes overnight." €12 billion higher borrowing costs for the EU While the Bruegel report may appear grim reading for Brits with Brexit negotiations looming, there is some hope. The think tank says that "Brexit involves risks for market integrity and stability, because the EU including the UK has been crucially dependent on the Bank of England and the UK Financial Conduct Authority for oversight of its wholesale markets," and adds that "losing even partial access to the efficient London financial centre could entail a loss of efficiency for the EU27 economy." Bruegel estimates that a fragmenting of financial services across the EU27 post-Brexit could "amounts to an extra annual cost of €6 billion to €12 billion for households and corporates" when it comes to borrowing in the EU. This is because the efficiency of having settlement and clearing operations in one place would be lost. This estimate chimes with a leaked report last week from the EU that warned Europe could suffer unless it gets a "workable" deal with the City as part of Brexit negotiations. This theoretically strengthens Britain's negotiating position on Brexit and City Minister Simon Kirby told Business Insider last week: "I think we’re in a strong position and I’m confident that the future has many opportunities." However, Bruegel's policy paper says that Brexit is "an opportunity for the remaining EU27 to accelerate the development of its financial markets" and recommends that Europe harmonises its financial legislation and improves regulatory oversight in preparation for Brexit. If this happens, it could negate Britain's advantage in negotiations. NOW WATCH: PayPal's CEO reveals the 2 key trends that are driving the fintech revolution Loading video... More: EU Brexit Financial Services Jobs Financial Services Banking Banking Jobs Professional services Bruegel think tank Apester Poll facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Brussels think tank: 'Hard Brexit' could kill 30,000 London jobs and £1.5 trillion of assets Brussels think tank: 'Hard Brexit' could kill 30,000 London jobs and £1.5 trillion of assets LONDON — Britain's financial and... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Rio Tinto announces $500m share buyback as profits hit $5.1bn Industry is rebounding from a downturn that forced some of the top producers to sell assets, cut costs and rein in spending Jesse Riseborough, Perry Williams Wednesday 8 February 2017 08:57 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Higher iron ore prices boosted underlying profit 12 percent to $5.1 billion in 2016, London-based Rio said on Wednesday Reuters Rio Tinto Group will pay a much higher dividend than expected and buy back $500 million of shares after the world’s second-biggest mining company reported the first gain in annual profit since 2013. Higher iron ore prices boosted underlying profit 12 percent to $5.1 billion in 2016, London-based Rio said on Wednesday. That beat the $4.75 billion average estimate of analysts compiled by Bloomberg. The dividend fell 21 percent to 170 cents a share, reflecting a new policy aligning the payout to earnings. Still, that exceeded the average estimate of 136 cents in the Bloomberg survey and the company’s minimum payout of 110 cents. Rio will purchase U.K.-listed shares throughout this year. Read more Market Report: Rio Tinto's mining sector dominance derailed “What a difference a year makes,” Peter O’Connor, an analyst at Shaw & Partners Ltd. in Sydney, said in a note. “It’s been a long grind back from the global financial abyss that Rio slumped into. But it certainly looks and feels like the ’old school’ Rio swagger is back.” The global mining industry is rebounding from a downturn that forced some of the top producers to sell assets, cut costs and rein in spending after years of over-investment bloated balance sheets and left markets oversupplied. Iron ore, Rio’s main profit driver, surged 81 percent last year as Chinese stimulus supported local steel output, leading to better demand for overseas ore. “Rio is in good shape today,” Chief Executive Officer Jean Sebastien Jacques said on a call with reporters after the results. “We have kept our promises. We have delivered cost savings. We have strengthened the quality of our portfolio. We are investing for the long term and at the same time we have strengthened our balance sheet.” The company is in a “strong position to deliver superior shareholder returns,” he added. Shares Rebound Rio shares rebounded from a seven-year low to rally 60 percent in London in 2016. The stock is up 9 percent this year and reached an almost four-year high in late January. The Sydney-traded shares rose 0.8 percent to close at A$65.69 on Wednesday. Prices for iron ore delivered to China are near a two-year high. The main question for Rio and competitors including BHP Billiton Ltd. and Vale SA is whether the rally can be sustained. “The government has implemented stimulus packages for some time now and we believe they will continue, especially in the context of the leadership conference scheduled for the fourth quarter in Beijing,” Jacques told reporters. “The property and construction market is doing pretty well. As far as China is concerned, we do not have a big issue today.“ Banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc. are seeking to gauge how easily new low-cost supply will be absorbed and if higher prices will prompt additional output. There are signs that Chinese customers are well stocked. Inventories at Chinese ports reached a record last week and shipments from Australia’s Port Hedland hit an all-time high for the month of January. Shortly before taking over the CEO role from Sam Walsh in July, Jacques outlined his vision to grow the company through investing in existing projects and expanding profitable operations, rather than focusing on deals. Biggest business scandals in pictures 19 show all Biggest business scandals in pictures 1/19 Former HBOS bankers convicted of bribery and fraud over £245m loan scam - February 2017 Two former HBOS bankers were among six people found guilty of bribery and fraud that cost customers and shareholders hundreds of millions of pounds, the BBC reports. Lynden Scourfield, 54, a manager at HBOS, forced struggling clients to use the services of his friends David Mills, 60, and Michael Bancroft, 73. In return, the two businessmen arranged sex parties, cash and lavish gifts. On Monday, the three were convicted at Southwark Crown Court on accounts including bribery, fraud and money laundering. Mark Dobson, another manager at HBOS, Alison Mills, and John Cartwright were also convicted. Getty Images 2/19 Former Reckitt Benckiser executive linked to death of 100 people in South Korea jailed for seven years - Friday January 6 A former South Korean executive of UK-based Reckitt Benckiser has been jailed for seven years over the sale of a humidifier disinfectant that killed about 100 people and left hundreds with permanent lung damage. Shin Hyun-woo, head of Reckitt Benkiser’s Oxy subsidiary from 1991 to 2005, was found guilty of accidental homicide and falsely advertising the deadly product as being safe even for children. The consumer product disaster affected many families in South Korea, where children and pregnant women often battle dry winter seasons with humidifiers. Other retailers such as Lotte Mart and Homeplus were also found guilty of selling the deadly product. 3/19 Rogue trader A French court cut the damages owed by rogue trader Jerome Kerviel from €4.9bn (£4.2bn) to just €1m (£860,000). The court ruled on that Kerviel was “partly responsible” for massive losses suffered in 2008 by his former employer Societe Generale through his reckless trades. Kerviel has consistently maintained that bosses at the French bank knew what he was doing all along. AP 4/19 Lloyds chief apologises for damage caused by affair allegations - August 2016 Antonio Horta-Osorio, the chief executive of Lloyds Bank, has broken his silence over allegations about his private life admitting he regrets any "damage done to the group's reputation". In a message sent to the bank's 75,000 employees, the banker said that anyone can make mistakes while insisting that staff had to maintain the highest professional standards. Getty 5/19 Christine Lagarde faces court over £340m Bernard Tapie payment - July 2016 The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Christine Lagarde, must stand trial in France over a payment of €403 million (now £340m, then £290m) to tycoon Bernard Tapie, a France's highest appeals court has ruled. The court rejected Ms Lagarde's appeal against a judge's order in December for her to stand trial over allegations of negligence in her handling of the affair. Ms Lagarde could risk a maximum penalty of one year in prison and a fine of €15,000 euros if convicted. Reuters 6/19 HSBC senior manager arrested in FX rigging investigation at JFK airport in New York - July 2016 A senior executive at HSBC has been arrested at New York's JFK airport for his alleged involvement in a conspiracy to rig currency benchmarks, according to reports. Mark Johnson, global head of foreign exchange cash trading in London, was reportedly arrested on Tuesday. He will appear before a federal court in Brooklyn on Wednesday charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, Bloomberg said. Getty 7/19 Former PwC employees found guilty in 'Luxleaks' tax scandal - June 2016 Two ex- PricewaterhouseCoopers staffers were found guilty in Luxembourg of stealing confidential tax files that helped unleash a global scandal over generous fiscal deals for hundreds of international companies. Antoine Deltour and Raphael Halet face suspended sentences of 12 months and 9 months and were ordered to pay fines of €1,500 (£1,230) and €1,000 (£822) for their role in the so-called LuxLeaks scandal. Despite the minimal sentences, the ruling was described by Deltour’s lawyer as “shocking” and “a terrible anomaly.” The ruling “puts on guard future whistle-blowers,” Deltour told reporters.The LuxLeaks revelations sped beyond Luxembourg, causing European Union regulators to expand a tax-subsidy probe and propose new laws to fight corporate tax dodging, while EU lawmakers created a special committee to probe fiscal deals across the 28-nation bloc. reuters 8/19 Goldman Sachs dealmakers lavished Libyan officials with prostitutes to win contract - June 2016 A former Goldman Sachs dealmaker trying to persuade Gadaffi-era Libya to invest $1 billion with the investment bank procured prostitutes and invited Libyan officials to lavish parties in the hope of winning the business, the High Court heard on Monday June 13.The Libyan Investment Authority sovereign wealth fund is suing Goldman Sachs for inappropriately coercing its naïve staff into giving its sovereign wealth fund cash to the bank to invest in products they did not understand. The products were designed to generate big profits for Goldman, the LIA claims.Goldman denies wrongdoing and says the LIA was treated as an arms-length customer Reuters 9/19 Former boss of BHS said his life was threatened - June 2016 Darren Topp, the former boss of BHS, has said former owner Dominic Chappell threatened to kill him when he challenged him over a £1.5 million transfer out of the business. MPs on the Business, Innovation and Skills Committee asked Mr Topp about a £1.5 million transfer Mr Chappell made from BHS to a company called BHS Sweden. 10/19 Sports Direct founder Mike Ashley admits paying workers below the minimum wage - June 2016 Mike Ashley admitted paying Sports Direct employees below the minimum wage at a hearing in front of MPs. The company founder said that workers were paid less than the statutory minimum because of bottlenecks at security in an admission that could result in sanctions from HMRC. Reuters 11/19 Mitsubishi admits ‘improper’ fuel tests - April 2016 Mitsubishi has admitted to using false fuel methods dating back to 1991. The scale of the scandal is only just coming to light after it was revealed in April that data was falsified in the testing of four types of cars, including two Nissan cars. AP 12/19 Panama Papers: Millions of leaked documents expose how world’s rich and powerful hid money - April 2016 Millions of confidential documents have been leaked from one of the world’s most secretive law firms, exposing how the rich and powerful have hidden their money. Dictators and other heads of state have been accused of laundering money, avoiding sanctions and evading tax, according to the unprecedented cache of papers that show the inner workings of the law firm Mossack Fonseca, which is based in Panama. 13/19 Google's tax avoidance Google reached a deal with the HM Revenue and Customs to pay back £130 million in so-called “back-taxes” that have been due since 2005. George Osborne championed the deal as a “major success”. But European MEPs have since called for the Chancellor to appear in front of the committee on tax rulings to explain the tax deal. 14/19 Turing Pharmaceuticals and Martin Shkreli Martin Shkreli became known as the “most hated man in the world” after his drug company, Turing, increased the price of a 62-year-old drug that treated HIV patients by 5,000% to $750 a pill. He was charged with illegally taking stock from Retrophin, a biotechnology firm he started in 2011, and using it pay off debts from unrelated business dealings. Shkreli, who maintains he is innocent, and says there is little evidence of fraud because his investors didn't lose money. 15/19 Volkswagen emissions scandal VW admitted to rigging its US emission tests so that diesel-powered cars would looks like they were emitting less nitrous oxide, which can damage the ozone layer and contribute to respiratory diseases. Around 11 million cars worldwide were affected. 16/19 Quindell, the scandal-ridden insurance firm Quindell was once a darling of AIM but its share price fell in April 2014 when its accounting practices were attacked in a stinging research note by US short seller Gotham City. In August the group was forced to disclose that the £107 million pre-tax profit it had reported for 2013 was incorrect, and it had in fact suffered a £64million loss. 17/19 Toshiba Accounting Scandal The boss of Toshiba, the Japanese technology giant, resigned in disgrace in the wake of one of the country’s biggest ever accounting scandals. His exit came two months after the company revealed that it was investigating accounting irregularities. An independent investigatory panel said that Toshiba’s management had inflated its reported profits by up to 152 billion yen (£780m) between 2008 and 2014. 18/19 FIFA Corruption Scandal Fifa, football's world governing body, has been engulfed by claims of widespread corruption since the summer of 2015, when the US Department of Justice indicted several top executives. It has now claimed the careers of two of the most powerful men in football, Fifa President Sepp Blatter and Uefa President Michel Platini, after they were banned for eight years from all football-related activities by Fifa's ethics committee. A Swiss criminal investigation into the pair is ongoing. Getty Images 19/19 Libor fraudster City trader Tom Hayes, 35, has become the first person to be convicted of rigging Libor rates following a trial at London's Southwark Crown Court. Hayes worked as a trader in yen derivatives at UBS before joining the American bank Citigroup in Tokyo. He was fired from Citigroup following an investigation into his trading methods. He returned to the UK in December 2012 and was arrested following a two-and-a-half year criminal investigation by the SFO. Getty Images Jacques is leading the 144-year-old mining giant’s retreat from coal as part of a broader plan to slim Rio’s asset base that has resulted in $7.7 billion of disposals since 2013. Last month, he agreed to sell most of the company’s thermal coal assets to a firm controlled by China’s Yanzhou Coal Mining Co. for $2.45 billion. The sale, which would leave Rio with just two remaining coal mines once completed, had raised expectations of bigger returns to shareholders. Rio’s net debt fell 30 percent to $9.6 billion at the end of last year. The coal disposal could help reduce borrowings to $3.9 billion by the end of 2017, Deutsche Bank AG has said. Bloomberg More about: Rio Tinto Mining Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance E.On Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aetna Inc. (AET) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald MB Financial Inc. (MBFI) Receives $44.60 Consensus PT from Analysts Macquarie Analysts Give ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) a €29.00 Price Target Statoil ASA (STO) Receives $15.16 Average Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Price Target at $49.30 Brokerages Set American Express Company (AXP) PT at $76.64 NewStar Financial, Inc. (NEWS) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Issues FY16 Earnings Guidance Xylem Inc. (XYL) Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity XPO Logistics, Inc. (XPO) Research Coverage Started at Seaport Global Securities Lyon William Homes (WLH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein Traders Buy Exelon Corporation (EXC) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Robert W. Baird Diana Shipping inc. (DSX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Cousins Properties Incorporated (CUZ) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.16 EPS Bank of America Corporation Analysts Give E.On Se (EOAN) a €6.40 Price Target February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Bank of America Corporation set a €6.40 ($6.88) target price on E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) in a research note released on Friday. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on EOAN. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) set a €7.75 ($8.33) price target on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Commerzbank Ag set a €7.40 ($7.96) price target on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Societe Generale set a €6.60 ($7.10) price target on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 18th. Morgan Stanley set a €6.60 ($7.10) price target on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 19th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co restated a buy rating on shares of E.On Se in a research report on Thursday, October 20th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €7.55 ($8.12). Shares of E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) opened at 6.91 on Friday. E.On Se has a 12 month low of €5.99 and a 12 month high of €8.56. The stock’s market capitalization is €13.49 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is €6.84 and its 200-day moving average is €6.96. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/bank-of-america-corporation-analysts-give-e-on-se-eoan-a-6-40-price-target.html. Receive News & Ratings for E.On Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EMCORE Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EMCORE Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Doug Burger Acquires 100,000 Shares of Wavefront Technology Solutions Inc. (WEE) Stock Insider Selling: Silvercorp Metals Inc (SVM) Director Sells C$22,650.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Leaf Group Ltd (LFGR) CEO Sells $22,829.10 in Stock Absolute Software (ABT) Expected to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share Sage Group Unspon (SGPYY) Upgraded by BNP Paribas to Outperform Jefferies Group Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) David Green Sells 3,239 Shares of Harvard Bioscience, Inc. (HBIO) Stock Sergei Stetsenko Buys 605,000 Shares of Greatbanks Resources Ltd (GTB) Stock Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) Given a $47.00 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein Kumba Iron Ore Ltd (KIROY) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Sell” from Brokerages Harris Corporation (HRS) Director James F. Albaugh Purchases 1,000 Shares Eric Wei Sells 6,575 Shares of Caladrius Biosciences, Inc. (CLBS) Stock Donaldson Capital Management LLC Has $3,421,000 Position in Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) Southern Company (The) (SO) Shares Sold by Donaldson Capital Management LLC Donaldson Capital Management LLC Sells 125 Shares of Toyota Motor Corp Ltd Ord (TM) Donaldson Capital Management LLC Sells 32 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) American Express Company (AXP) Shares Bought by Bragg Financial Advisors Inc Qualstar Corporation (QBAK) Major Shareholder Sells $39,500.00 in Stock Insider Selling: ConforMIS, Inc. (CFMS) Insider Sells $30,657.71 in Stock Meg Energy Corp (MEGEF) Upgraded to Outperform at Raymond James Financial, Inc. EMCORE Corporation (EMKR) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet EMCORE Corporation (NASDAQ:EMKR) announced its earnings results on Tuesday. The company reported $0.13 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $30.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $29.03 million. EMCORE Corporation had a return on equity of 2.28% and a net margin of 8.98%. EMCORE Corporation’s revenue was up 34.2% compared to the same quarter last year. EMCORE Corporation (NASDAQ:EMKR) opened at 9.45 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $8.93 and a 200 day moving average price of $6.69. EMCORE Corporation has a 52-week low of $4.90 and a 52-week high of $9.78. The company has a market capitalization of $248.02 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.19 and a beta of 0.73. In related news, CEO Jeffrey Rittichier sold 38,220 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, January 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.15, for a total value of $311,493.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 196,157 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,598,679.55. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 0.77% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY increased its stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation by 86.9% in the third quarter. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY now owns 2,227,670 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,698,000 after buying an additional 1,035,986 shares during the period. potrero capital research llc purchased a new stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation during the second quarter valued at about $1,474,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation by 6.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 392,534 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,237,000 after buying an additional 24,718 shares during the period. California State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation by 31.3% in the second quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 54,805 shares of the company’s stock valued at $326,000 after buying an additional 13,049 shares during the period. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of EMCORE Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,391,000. 66.63% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Several brokerages have commented on EMKR. Dougherty & Co began coverage on EMCORE Corporation in a report on Thursday, October 20th. They set a “buy” rating and a $7.50 target price on the stock. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $10.00 price objective on shares of EMCORE Corporation in a research report on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research raised EMCORE Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.75 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, TheStreet raised EMCORE Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. EMCORE Corporation currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $8.56. WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/08/emcore-corporation-emkr-releases-quarterly-earnings-results.html. About EMCORE Corporation EMCORE Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing indium phosphide (InP) optical chips, components, subsystems and systems for the broadband and specialty fiber optics market. The Company focuses on linear fiber optic transmission technology. The Company operates through Fiber Optics segment. Receive News & Ratings for EMCORE Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EMCORE Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Metro Report Morning PIX Team Contests Traffic Transit Events Closings Weather 38° 38° Low 37° High 44° Sun 36° 39° Mon 26° 38° Tue 34° 37° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Protesters rally in front of Goldman Sachs against Trump’s financial regulations Posted 1:57 AM, February 8, 2017, by Ayana Harry Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video MANHATTAN – For Wall Street, this was a different type of work meet-up Tuesday evening. Hundreds of men and women convened on Liberty Street around 6 p.m., most with signs in hand and their voices raised together in a rally against Donald Trump and his potential plans to roll back financial regulations put in place after the 2008 recession during the Obama administration. They met on the steps of a banking skyscraper - home to JP Morgan Chase. "Tonight we want to get across that Trump is basically helping bankers rob America," one protester said. "Rob it from working families and cause another economic session." Although President Trump campaigned on a promise to "Drain the Swamp" or to rid Washington of insider politics, many told PIX11 the recent Cabinet appointments including former Goldman Sachs partner Steve Mnuchin as Secretary of Treasury leaves them concerned. "We now have basically Goldman Sachs on power and Jamie Diamond in power righting legislation to roll back Dodd Frank which was put in place to protect us the American consumer," a demonstrator said. Alex Green was among the crowd hoping that under the current administration the interests of everyday Americans will not come to second to the demands of big banks. "I'm an accountant I work as a CPA," Green said. "I think we need to keep Dodd Frank [because] it keeps the banks and financial markets from being risky with people's money and that's important when things go bad for the financial markets, rich people are OK... and everybody else gets screwed." Filed in: News Topics: Dodd-Frank, Donald Trump, Goldman Sachs, Jamie Diamond, Steve Mnuchin Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular Matthew Badger, father who lost his 3 daughters in 2011 Christmas fire, is dead Badly decomposed body found in Queens park: NYPD Help wanted: City hiring snow laborers for $15/hour New York City public schools closed Thursday as ‘significant snowfall’ looms Latest News UFC 208: Battle in Brooklyn at Barclays Center Democrats, advocates question ICE enforcement raids after hundreds of arrests Deadly Staten Island fire caused by improper disposal of ‘smoking materials,’ FDNY says 2 missing New Mexico college students found driving slowly in Idaho News Trump begins dismantling Obama financial regulations of Wall Street with new executive order Manhattan Protesters brave rainy weather to protest Trump’s Cabinet picks outside Goldman Sachs News Protest movements surge ahead of Trump’s inauguration News Trump chooses Steven Mnuchin for Treasury, Wilbur Ross for Commerce News Dow Jones industrial average closes at a record high as investors reposition for Trump presidency Manhattan Protesters rally in midtown against Steve Bannon’s controversial remarks News 217 people arrested, 6 officers injured in day of protests in Washington, DC News Demonstrators worldwide rally in solidarity with Women’s March on Washington News Thousands gather in NYC, cities across country for third night of anti-Trump protests Manhattan Police arrest anti-Trump protesters by Columbus Circle Manhattan News PHOTOS: Protesters rally at Women’s March on NYC Manhattan News Protesters in NYC speak out against Trump’s presidency on Inauguration Day Politics Protesters stand in solidarity against President-elect Trump for fourth day Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Industries Banking Deutsche Bank's Jeffrey Urwin in talks to depart By Jenny Strasburg Published: Feb 8, 2017 2:22 a.m. ET Share By JennyStrasburg Deutsche Bank AG's corporate and investment-banking chief, Jeffrey Urwin, is in discussions to leave the role, and the lender has been in talks to move its finance chief, Marcus Schenck, to oversee the business, according to people familiar with the matter. The timing of any potential move isn't clear. If the changes occur, they would mark the second major shake-up in the bank's most senior management ranks since John Cryan became chief executive in 2015. A Deutsche Bank spokesman declined to comment. Mr. Urwin, a former J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. banker who joined Deutsche Bank in early 2015, was named to the management board later that year in an overhaul under Mr. Cryan. Mr. Urwin, 61 years old, has told colleagues he plans to retire, according to people familiar with the matter. He is British and has been overseeing the investment bank while based in New York. Mr. Urwin didn't respond to requests for comment. Mr. Schenck, 51 years old, joined Deutsche Bank in January 2015 from Goldman Sachs Group Inc., where he was a banker and partner. A German, he previously was chief financial officer of German utility E.ON SE. Mr. Schenck didn't respond to requests for comment. The discussions come at a time when the Frankfurt-based lender has been battling a costly series of legal matters and faced investor uncertainty over its strategy and capital position. A reshuffling of senior executives would follow moves that have already started to cut expenses and thousands of jobs and exit businesses. Mr. Cryan, who replaced Deutsche Bank co-CEO Anshu Jain in mid-2015, later that year split the investment bank in half, separating deal-advisory and securities underwriting from the trading unit. In that restructuring, Mr. Urwin was named to run the corporate and investment bank while Garth Ritchie, who had run equities trading, was named head of global markets. The move elevated both men to the management board. Mr. Urwin told colleagues and senior executives around that time that he was reluctant to take on the management-board role, which carries legal liabilities and other added duties shared by the top executives, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. Urwin did take on the role. He since has been focused on helping rebuild Deutsche Bank's strained relationships with regulators and hiring for senior banker jobs, such as European investment-banking chief and global head of mergers and acquisitions. Seven months ago, Mr. Urwin took on expanded management-board duties, including oversight of U.S. operations at the corporate level. A Briton, Mr. Urwin has been overseeing the investment bank from New York. The expanded role involves managing sometimes-thorny relationships with U.S. regulators and operations of a newly organized holding company that includes the U.S. trading and banking businesses. The past year has been tumultuous for the German bank, which has struggled to stem billions of dollars in fines for past alleged misbehavior. Since December, it has agreed to pay roughly $8 billion to settle allegations tied to toxic mortgage securities and what regulators described as lax controls to prevent money laundering. Other potential legal settlements still loom. The legal fines, along with weak performances in key businesses and waning market share in trading, have cut into Deutsche Bank's capital cushion. This is what banks set aside to meet regulatory demands and protect against losses. Deutsche Bank dramatically cut employee bonuses this year, and management-board members aren't getting bonuses for the second year in a row. The austerity measures, along with job cuts and shrinking businesses, have hurt morale, bankers and other employees say. At the same time, the bank has had some wins. It nabbed a lead underwriting role in last month's public offering of Blackstone Group LP's Invitation Homes Inc. The offering raised $1.54 billion, making it the largest U.S.-listed IPO in more than a year. The corporate and investment bank, with more than 16,000 employees, had EUR7.5 billion ($8 billion) in revenue in 2016, a 7% decline from 2015, and 2016 income before taxes of EUR1.7 billion. The business's 2015 results were burdened by investment-bank write-downs and legal costs. Write to Jenny Strasburg at jenny.strasburg@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? Brady Leads Patriots to Historic Super Bowl Victory Trump on Putin: U.S. Isn't Innocent Either Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Man Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Man Group Plc (EMG) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several brokerages have updated their recommendations and price targets on shares of Man Group Plc (LON: EMG) in the last few weeks: 2/1/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 143 ($1.78) to GBX 167 ($2.08). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/26/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Morgan Stanley from GBX 159 ($1.98) to GBX 130 ($1.62). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 1/25/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 130 ($1.62) to GBX 135 ($1.68). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 1/24/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Liberum Capital from GBX 125 ($1.56) to GBX 148 ($1.84). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/24/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) from GBX 140 ($1.74) to GBX 160 ($1.99). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/17/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target lowered by analysts at J P Morgan Chase & Co from GBX 155 ($1.93) to GBX 150 ($1.87). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 1/10/2017 – Man Group Plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 120 ($1.49) price target on the stock. 1/6/2017 – Man Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc.. 12/13/2016 – Man Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The). They now have a GBX 140 ($1.74) price target on the stock. Shares of Man Group Plc (LON:EMG) opened at 137.00 on Wednesday. Man Group Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 102.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 166.10. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 122.52 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 118.97. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.30 billion. In other Man Group Plc news, insider Jonathan Sorrell sold 639,489 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 125 ($1.56), for a total transaction of £799,361.25 ($995,716.55). Man Group plc is the holding company for the Man group of companies and affiliated entities (the Group). The Company operates in the alternative investment management sector. The Company has a geographically diverse investor base. It distributes to private investors through a network of over 4,000 intermediaries, and manages its institutional relationships directly. Receive News & Ratings for Man Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SAT, FEB 11, 2017 | -1 °C Overcast Full Text Archive Events Police and Fire In Your Neighbourhood Wellness Contact Us Business Listings In Your Neighbourhood Movies Walk-In Clinics Newsletter Signup Print Editions Advertise with us Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news sports what's on opinion community Obituaries Autos Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Police and Fire Ontario Canada World 2 hours ago Trump cites voter fraud in NH without providing evidence Trump cites voter fraud in NH without providing evidence Latest News SEE MORE Quebec ticket takes Lotto Max jackpot Nighttime Philippines quake kills at least 6, damages runway New Zealanders refloat 100 pilot whales after 400 stranded Baseball Basketball Football Hockey Soccer Olympics 48 minutes ago Day 3: Bangladesh 246-6 at tea, still 441 runs behind India Kohli hits another double as India pile on runs Latest Sports SEE MORE Willett regains lead at Maybank Championship Malaysia Reid takes 3rd-round lead at LET's season-opening Vic Open Green gets rare triple-double as Warriors beat Grizzlies Contests Events Movies Wow Celebrity 1 hour ago Ed Sheeran wants to be remembered as a 'good dad' Chart-topping musician Ed Sheeran has hinted he's ready to start a family. Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE George Michael's boyfriend tried to revive him for an hour Courtney Stodden and Doug Hutchison split Christina Ricci recalls her naked scene in Z: The Beginning of Everything Columns Editorial 6 hours ago Ivanka’s dreary garments have no place at the Bay: Mallick I cannot fathom why they sell Ivanka Trump’s line. It’s tragic, writes... 6 hours ago Dads to George Clooney: SEE YOU IN COURT: Menon Every man’s hero has succumbed to the diaper-changing drudgery of the rest... Small Business Week Environment Family Home and Garden Money Matters Wellness 14 hours ago Nine-year-old Toronto tax whiz takes media by storm After being profiled in The Mirror last year for her impressive tax skills,... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Schizophrenia: What the experts say Sugary drinks pose threat to health: study DOLLARS & SENSE: Have a candid conversation with adviser about mutual funds Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories discount: 50% | value: $500.00 | You Save: $250.00 Time Remaining: 17 Days 8 ways to help improve your credit score Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories discount: 50% | value: $500.00 | You Save: $250.00 Time Remaining: 17 Days Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Home Opinion Columns Little guy stands to lose when Trump targets... | Feb 07, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Little guy stands to lose when Trump targets banking law: Wells Dodd-Frank banking act includes consumer protection agency that has come under fire from Trump administration OurWindsor.Ca By Jennifer Wells On the issue of financial regulation, Donald Trump sounds very much like he does on the NAFTA file. It’s a “disaster,” or “some aspects you could leave,” or a plan will be released that will come “close to a dismantling of Dodd-Frank,” or “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” Even after the president signed an executive order Friday directing a 120-day review of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act there’s no street consensus on how much of the act will get undone. Predictably, the president’s scant specifics are viewed through personal experience. So the fact that “friends of mine that have nice businesses . . . can’t borrow money, they just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank” is a problem for the president. Trump was referring there to imposed higher capital standards. The act is a little more complicated than that. Passed by Congress six years ago, Dodd-Frank covers a vast landscape in its 848 pages, including swap markets, whistle blower protections, mortgage reform, anti-predatory lending and conflict minerals. It was Dodd-Frank’s push for transparency in the chain of minerals fuelling war in the Congo, and Canada’s inaction on the same issue, that prompted an on-the-ground Toronto Star investigation of artisanal miners near the Congo’s eastern border. So what we’re talking about here is legislation far more sweeping than that which affects Trump’s own “friends.” But let’s stay on that point for a bit. When Trump referred to the banking woes of his pals, he was speaking at a gathering of his newly formed Strategy and Policy Forum, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon (“There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie”) and Larry Fink, CEO of the supersized asset manager BlackStone (“Larry did a great job for me. He managed a lot of my money, and, I have to tell you, he got me great returns last year.”) What the putative populist has neglected to mention is that Dodd-Frank was of two-fold design: attempting to prevent another financial crisis by reining in the big banks and their risk-taking behaviour was one (who can forget the image of the collapsing Lehman Brothers in the fall of 2008). Protecting the little guy was the other. The part of the act that’s most vulnerable in Main Street terms is Title X — the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), referred to by White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer as an “unconstitutional new agency that does not adequately protect consumers.” I have written about the bureau before, both for its clamping down on payday lenders and for the $100-million (U.S.) fine it levied against Wells Fargo for its “illegal practice of secretly opening unauthorized deposit and credit card accounts.” Remember, thousands of Wells Fargo employees were pushed to meet cross-selling sales targets and created phantom accounts to meet those goals. Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren tore a strip off Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf before the Senate Banking Committee last September, saying that Stumpf should be both fired and criminally investigated. Stumpf was out the door a month later. Warren, zealous both in her advocacy for the little guy and her fight for rigorous financial industry regulation, was central to the bureau’s creation. In November, the bank disclosed that the U.S. Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission were looking into its sales practices. It would be interesting to case study duped Wells Fargo clients to see how many voted for Trump in the belief that he would be the standard bearer for the average American once elected. To date the CFPB has collected $11.7 billion as a result of enforcement actions, and itemizes on its web page actions against misleading reverse mortgage advertising, pawnbrokers failing to disclose the true cost of loans, improper debt collection practices and on and on. As critics of the bureau point out, the Los Angeles Times first broke the story of the sales culture at Wells Fargo. Perhaps giving newspapers the power to take enforcement action and levy fines is the answer to the media’s financial challenges. That’s not going to happen. But a diligent free press and a well-armed consumer protection agency does make a potent force. The CFPB was a Republican target before Trump’s election. In October, the U.S. Court of Appeals declared the bureau’s single-director model unconstitutional, which could clear the way, if upheld, for Trump to remove Richard Cordray as head of the agency and introduce a commission model. Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chair of the Financial Services Committee, has been pushing to rename the bureau the Consumer Financial Opportunity Commission, with a mandate to protect not just consumers but markets. Undoubtedly, the president’s friends will like the sound of that. It’s the rest of us who won’t much like how it feels. Toronto Star | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest Local News News Braving the cold an eye-opening experience Snapshot News No snow, no worries for tubing championships Snapshot News Health Aging Fair to get people thinking health first Snapshot News Making every penny count in St. Thomas Snapshot The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Braving the cold an eye-opening experience $30M air cargo class action to be distributed Urban Farm gets vertical with hydroponic success No snow, no worries for tubing championships Could Sarah Palin be the new ambassador to Canada? In Your Neighbourhood Today WEALTH MATTERS: 5 robo advisor myths revisited No, we're not a team of robots. And yes, you really can pick up the phone and call us. Robo... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Open your mind and floor space with multi-purpose furniture So, you’ve moved into a rather small, but cute apartment and you want to make it feel like home.... Tax tips for new business owners Starting a new business venture shouldn't be any more taxing than it needs to be — which is why you... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Make your rental space more functional and fashionable as your New Year's resolution Bigger is often considered better, but consider breaking this rule with your New Year's resolution... Online audit tool can improve the energy efficiency of your home through retrofits Your energy dollars may literally be flying out of your window. However, if you don't know how the... 10 ways to make your cozy apartment feel festive So, you live in a 500-square-foot rental but still want to decorate your place for the holidays.... Be chair aware when designing your apartment living space So, you're looking to make the best use of space in your rental apartment unit and also create a... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... 5 ideas for growing your business There are a number of ways to boost your business through effective marketing and offering unique... Use your ‘snow how’ and stay safe on the roads this winter Winter is coming, and Ontario municipalities are ready for it! Snow plows are standing by, plow... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Party Planning 101: Informing neighbours in a rental building You may love to celebrate with your close friends and family during the holiday season, but that... How to convert trial users to loyal customers with online communications There's no doubt that connecting with new customers digitally is an effective marketing method for... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 50% off a Cemetery Monument or Accessories $250 View Deal View All Deals MORE COLUMNS Ivanka’s dreary garments have no place at the Bay: Mallick Dads to George Clooney: SEE YOU IN COURT: Menon Finding order in the Trump chaos will be job one for Trudeau: Hébert The feds love to consult us. But does anyone listen? Delacourt Canada’s kowtow pilgrimage to Donald Trump’s Washington: Walkom PreviousNext Amazon comes through for dying man: Roseman Meet Lawren Harris, anti-icon The Weekly News Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Join our Team Mobile Newsletter Sign-Up Order a Photo Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca GuelphMercuryTribune.com KitchenerPost.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca NorfolkNews.ca OurLondon.ca OurPerth.ca OurWindsor.ca Sachem.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca TheRecord.com TheSpec.com WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources Goldbook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Dakota Pipeline Protests TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Trump Met with CEOs of America’s Largest Companies to Push Pro-Jobs Agenda by Lucy Bayly President Donald Trump delivers opening remarks at the beginning of a policy forum with, from left, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Blackstone Group Chairman and CEO Stephen Schwarzman, General Motors CEO Mary Barra and other business leaders in the State Dining Room at the White House on Feb. 3. Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement President Donald Trump convened with the heads of some of America's largest corporations on Friday at the White House for a meeting intended to make good on the administration's pledge to reduce regulation, promote women in the workplace, and cut taxes. Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017 Jack Welch, former CEO of General Electric, told CNBC it had been a "fabulous meeting" and said the president "engaged forcefully" on every topic. Steve Schwarzman, CEO of private equity firm Blackstone and chairman of the council that arranged Friday's meeting, said the session had been "spirited intellectually" and that the members had had a "balanced discussion" about "taxes, trade, infrastructure, women's issues, education, and how to bring home jobs in terms of training people in technology." Other attendees at Friday's business huddle included members of Trump's economic advisory council, such as JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney's Bob Iger, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon, and Mary Barra of General Motors. The meeting also included First Daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, senior adviser to the president; as well as Vice President Mike Pence and White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. One notable absentee was Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who resigned from his spot on the president's council Thursday amid fierce backlash from customers furious at Kalanick's seeming connection to Trump's controversial immigration ban that limits travel to America from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Kalanick said Thursday that his participation on Trump's council was not meant to be construed as any endorsement of Trump's policies. However, billionaire inventor and environmentalist Elon Musk, also heavily criticized for his position on the board due to seemingly contradictory stances with Trump, has not shied away from his role. In contrast to Kalanick, Musk tweeted a message on Thursday explaining that he was remaining on the board in order to "serve the greater good." Regarding the meeting at the White House: pic.twitter.com/8b1XH4oW6h— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 3, 2017 Corporate America is struggling to please an increasing divide: Customers and investors who oppose Trump's hard-line policies, and those who applaud his strong-arm techniques. And many business leaders on the president's council are stuck between a rock and a hard place as they seek to advise — or at least appease — the president while remaining firm on their own values and satisfying those of their client base. Related: Many CEOs 'Scared Out of Their Minds', Won't Speak Out Against Trump Trump has already called out several major companies via Twitter, including General Motors, L.L. Bean, and Ford. In December, he tweeted, "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" Following his tweet, Boeing stocks slid by more than 1 percent in premarket trade. Lucy Bayly Email Topics Business News, Politics News First Published Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Next Story Top Fed Regulator to Resign in April, Setting Stage for Trump Shakeup advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business February 7, 2017 6:26 PM Global advertising firm GTB acquires Miami-based Zubi advertising Coral Gables-based Zubi Advertising Services has been acquired by local firm GTB. Zubi Advertising i By Chabeli Herrera cherrera@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Global advertising and communications firm GTB has acquired Coral Gables-based Zubi Advertising Services, GTB announced last week, in a strategic move to better cater to the Hispanic consumer. Zubi, founded in 1976 by Cuban-born Tere Zubizarreta, is a full-service agency that focuses on the Hispanic market. It counts Ford Motor Company, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, and Dunkin’ Donuts among its clients. The agency also has offices in Los Angeles and Detroit, and employs about 120 people. Following Zubizarreta’s death in 2007, her children, Joe Zubi and Michelle Zubizarreta, now run the agency as chief operating officer and chief administrative officer, respectively. “This affiliation is part of our evolution to provide our clients with best-in-class resources and to work together to grow through new business opportunities,” said Joe Zubi of the acquisition in a statement. “Michelle and I are confident that the legacy of Tere Zubi will continue for decades to come.” Michigan-headquartered GTB was founded in 2007 and changed its name last year after combining three agencies that handled Ford business: Team Detroit, Blue Hive and Retail First. The agency is wholly owned by WPP, the world’s largest communications services group with offices in 113 countries. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 5:03 Miami doctor 'removed from all clinical duties' following attack on Uber driver Pause 2:32 Melania Trump's focus as First Lady is to end cyberbullying 2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school 2:41 Heat's Goran Dragic says there's only one other player in the league as versatile as James Johnson 8:39 Boy Scouts executive: 'We have not lost our way' 2:08 Critics thrown out of the County Commission chambers 2:30 Heat's James Johnson goes for season-high 26 points in win at Brooklyn 1:47 President Donald Trump's Guantánamo 2:08 Looting and chaos continue in Venezuela 0:26 Key deer infected with screwworm on road to recovery Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 14 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 0:42 14 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 1:05 15 days ago Norwegian's Free At Sea - January 2017 0:41 a month ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top View more video Business Here’s how to fix South Florida’s mid-market housing crunch What will $700,000 buy? A new starter home in Coconut Grove Investors, startups to share tips for success at free 2017 Business Plan Bootcamp South Florida trade numbers fall for fourth straight year How to buy a home in South Florida now Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BCE Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages BCE Inc. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $3.51 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (BCE) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet BCE Inc. (TSE:BCE) (NYSE:BCE) – Investment analysts at National Bank Financial cut their FY2017 earnings per share estimates for shares of BCE in a report issued on Thursday. National Bank Financial analyst A. Shine now forecasts that the brokerage will post earnings of $3.51 per share for the year, down from their prior estimate of $3.56. National Bank Financial has a “Sector Perform” rating and a $59.00 price objective on the stock. National Bank Financial also issued estimates for BCE’s FY2018 earnings at $3.60 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/bce-inc-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-3-51-per-share-national-bank-financial-forecasts-bce.html. Several other analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Canaccord Genuity decreased their target price on BCE from C$64.00 to C$60.00 in a research note on Friday. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) decreased their target price on BCE from C$67.00 to C$65.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Royal Bank Of Canada downgraded BCE from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and decreased their target price for the company from C$61.00 to C$60.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Bank of America Corporation decreased their target price on BCE from C$64.00 to C$60.00 in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co decreased their target price on BCE from C$66.00 to C$64.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of C$62.08. BCE (TSE:BCE) traded up 0.044% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $57.435. The stock had a trading volume of 395,469 shares. BCE has a 12 month low of $54.95 and a 12 month high of $63.41. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $58.20 and its 200-day moving average price is $60.05. The stock has a market cap of $50.01 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.248. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/bce-inc-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-3-51-per-share-national-bank-financial-forecasts-bce.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, April 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be paid a $0.7175 dividend. This is an increase from BCE’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.68. This represents a $2.87 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 5.00%. About BCE BCE Inc is a communications company. The Company provides a range of broadband communications and content services to consumer, residential, business and government customers in Canada. The Company offers various services under the Bell and Bell Aliant brands, such as fiber-based Internet protocol television (IPTV) and high-speed Internet services, home phone and business network and communications services. Receive News & Ratings for BCE Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip   Opponents of the Dakota Access oil pipeline rally outside the Bank of North Dakota in Bismarck, North Dakota, U.S., January 31, 2017. REUTERS/Terray Sylvester    Giant Public Pension Calls Divesting From Dakota Pipeline An ‘Ineffective Strategy’ Chris White 3:22 PM 02/07/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5467040 Staff members at the largest retirement pension in the U.S. believe the fund should continue investing in the Dakota Access pipeline despite calls for the group to sell off assets associated with the contentious project. California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS) staff said divesting stocks of companies connected to the so-called DAPL might give the perception the fund is fighting companies that cause global warming, but it also limits CalPERS ability to change corporate behavior through engagement. They were responding to Democrats calling on California to pass legislation compelling the $300 billion fund divest from all companies investing in the project. The bill would compel CalPERS to sell off shares in Dakota Access LLC and Energy Transfer Partners, the company behind the 1,178-mile-long project. It would also have to sever relations with Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and JPMorgan Chase, among others. “There is considerable evidence that divesting is an ineffective strategy for achieving social or political goals, since the consequence is generally a mere transfer of ownership of divested assets from one investor to another,” staff said Monday in its recommendation. The CalPERS Investment Committee plans to meet Feb. 13 in to discuss the bill’s merits. Citi Group and TD Bank of Canada are also being pressured by anti-fracking activists and members of the Standing Rock Sioux to halt any and all monetary backing of the company responsible for constructing the DAPL. They believe the project, which is slated to run underneath the Lake Oahe, could trample the tribe’s sacred ground and poison its water supply. Opposition to the multi-billion pipeline ratcheted up recently after President Donald Trump signed a pair of executive orders in January approving the construction of the DAPL and Keystone XL. The Army Corps of Engineers, through the Obama administration, rejected the route Dakota was supposed to take across Lake Oahe. Democrats have targeted CalPERS in the past. Democratic Congressmen Ted Lieu and Mark DeSaulnier, for instance, sent a letter to the fund’s CEO Anne Stausboll in March 2016 suggesting the pension fund’s decision to invest in Exxon Mobil is “morally suspect.” The letter urged CalPERS to purge all of its assets in the oil company — if not for the climate, the lawmakers argue, then at least to put the pension fund in line with other major institutions choosing divestment. The fund is making the argument against those calling for divestment from DAPL that it made against Lieu and DeSaulnier: CalPERS will lose the “ability to influence companies if we divest.” CalPERS promised it would use an “aggressive” three-prong strategy against companies like Exxon and DAPL that includes “engagement, where we push for change at companies,” advocate companies make changes to better Earth’s climate, as well as integrate a company’s pro-climate decisions into the pension’s own investment decisions. Follow Chris on Facebook and Twitter Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org. Tags: CalPERS, Dakota Access Pipeline, Energy, Energy Transfer Partners, Standing Rock Sioux Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Capital Agency Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Capital Agency Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Avalon Global Asset Management LLC Has $3,560,000 Position in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Capital Innovations LLC Acquires New Stake in ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Capital Innovations LLC Invests $287,000 in Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Capital Innovations LLC Has $287,000 Position in Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Fibria Celulose S.A. (FBR) Stake Reduced by Capital Innovations LLC Surmodics, Inc. (SRDX) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Nokomis Capital, L.L.C. Buys 12,340 Shares of Vishay Precision Group, Inc. (VPG) Stock Winmark Corporation (WINA) Major Shareholder Sells $153,581.19 in Stock Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Shares Sold by United Services Automobile Association Microchip Technology Incorporated (MCHP) Shares Sold by United Services Automobile Association Kforce, Inc. (KFRC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.23 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Leerink Swann Comments on Gilead Sciences, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GILD) MetLife, Inc. (MET) Rating Reiterated by RBC Capital Markets Omega Advisors Inc. Acquires Shares of 136,800 Ryerson Holding Corporation (RYI) Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Central Garden & Pet Company (CENT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research United Services Automobile Association Lowers Stake in Philip Morris International Inc (PM) Steven J. Kafka Sells 10,415 Shares of Foundation Medicine, Inc. (FMI) Stock Joseph B. Burton Sells 4,409 Shares of Plantronics, Inc. (PLT) Stock DTE Energy Company (DTE) Price Target Raised to $108.50 American Capital Agency Corp. (AGNC) PT Lowered to $20.00 February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet American Capital Agency Corp. (NASDAQ:AGNC) had its price objective cut by Maxim Group from $21.50 to $20.00 in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Maxim Group’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 4.17% from the stock’s current price. A number of other research analysts have also issued reports on AGNC. Compass Point lowered American Capital Agency Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $20.00 to $19.00 in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded American Capital Agency Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Bank of America Corporation lowered American Capital Agency Corp. from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Vetr upgraded American Capital Agency Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $19.53 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, October 6th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group lowered American Capital Agency Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $21.00 to $19.50 in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $20.21. American Capital Agency Corp. (NASDAQ:AGNC) opened at 19.2161 on Friday. American Capital Agency Corp. has a 12 month low of $17.18 and a 12 month high of $20.43. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $18.69 and a 200-day moving average price of $19.20. The stock has a market cap of $6.36 billion, a PE ratio of 10.7173 and a beta of 0.14. American Capital Agency Corp. (NASDAQ:AGNC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.64 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.59 by $0.05. American Capital Agency Corp. had a return on equity of 10.64% and a net margin of 67.21%. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.54 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that American Capital Agency Corp. will post $2.27 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a jan 17 dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 8th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st will be given a dividend of $0.18 per share. The ex-dividend date is Friday, January 27th. American Capital Agency Corp.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 118.68%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/american-capital-agency-corp-agnc-pt-lowered-to-20-00.html. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of American Capital Agency Corp. by 49.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,844,226 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $94,657,000 after buying an additional 1,604,808 shares during the period. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in shares of American Capital Agency Corp. by 0.8% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 728,251 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $14,230,000 after buying an additional 6,100 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in shares of American Capital Agency Corp. by 32.8% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 701,012 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $13,698,000 after buying an additional 173,052 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of American Capital Agency Corp. by 4.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 17,267,617 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $337,409,000 after buying an additional 801,080 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in shares of American Capital Agency Corp. by 0.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 9,806,561 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $191,620,000 after buying an additional 74,324 shares during the period. 56.28% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About American Capital Agency Corp. AGNC Investment Corp., formerly American Capital Agency Corp., is an internally managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company primarily invests on a leveraged basis in agency mortgage-backed securities (agency MBS). The Company’s investments consist of residential mortgage pass-through securities and collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) for which the principal and interest payments are guaranteed by a government-sponsored enterprise, such as the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), or by the United States Government agency, such as the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae) (collectively, GSEs). Receive News & Ratings for American Capital Agency Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Capital Agency Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Little guy stands to lose when Trump targets banking law: Wells Dodd-Frank banking act includes consumer protection agency that has come under fire from Trump administration. President Donald Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for a review of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped U.S. financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis.  (Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP FILE PHOTO)   By Jennifer WellsBusiness Columnist Tues., Feb. 7, 2017 On the issue of financial regulation, Donald Trump sounds very much like he does on the NAFTA file. It’s a “disaster,” or “some aspects you could leave,” or a plan will be released that will come “close to a dismantling of Dodd-Frank,” or “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” Even after the president signed an executive order Friday directing a 120-day review of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act there’s no street consensus on how much of the act will get undone. Predictably, the president’s scant specifics are viewed through personal experience. So the fact that “friends of mine that have nice businesses . . . can’t borrow money, they just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank” is a problem for the president. Trump was referring there to imposed higher capital standards. The act is a little more complicated than that. Passed by Congress six years ago, Dodd-Frank covers a vast landscape in its 848 pages, including swap markets, whistle blower protections, mortgage reform, anti-predatory lending and conflict minerals. It was Dodd-Frank’s push for transparency in the chain of minerals fuelling war in the Congo, and Canada’s inaction on the same issue, that prompted an on-the-ground Star investigation of artisanal miners near the Congo’s eastern border. So what we’re talking about here is legislation far more sweeping than that which affects Trump’s own “friends.” Article Continued Below But let’s stay on that point for a bit. When Trump referred to the banking woes of his pals, he was speaking at a gathering of his newly formed Strategy and Policy Forum, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon (“There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie”) and Larry Fink, CEO of the supersized asset manager BlackStone (“Larry did a great job for me. He managed a lot of my money, and, I have to tell you, he got me great returns last year.”) What the putative populist has neglected to mention is that Dodd-Frank was of two-fold design: attempting to prevent another financial crisis by reining in the big banks and their risk-taking behaviour was one (who can forget the image of the collapsing Lehman Brothers in the fall of 2008). Protecting the little guy was the other. The part of the act that’s most vulnerable in Main Street terms is Title X — the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), referred to by White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer as an “unconstitutional new agency that does not adequately protect consumers.” I have written about the bureau before, both for its clamping down on payday lenders and for the $100-million (U.S.) fine it levied against Wells Fargo for its “illegal practice of secretly opening unauthorized deposit and credit card accounts.” Remember, thousands of Wells Fargo employees were pushed to meet cross-selling sales targets and created phantom accounts to meet those goals. Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren tore a strip off Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf before the Senate Banking Committee last September, saying that Stumpf should be both fired and criminally investigated. Stumpf was out the door a month later. Warren, zealous both in her advocacy for the little guy and her fight for rigorous financial industry regulation, was central to the bureau’s creation. In November, the bank disclosed that the U.S. Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission were looking into its sales practices. It would be interesting to case study duped Wells Fargo clients to see how many voted for Trump in the belief that he would be the standard bearer for the average American once elected. To date the CFPB has collected $11.7 billion as a result of enforcement actions, and itemizes on its web page actions against misleading reverse mortgage advertising, pawnbrokers failing to disclose the true cost of loans, improper debt collection practices and on and on. As critics of the bureau point out, the Los Angeles Times first broke the story of the sales culture at Wells Fargo. Perhaps giving newspapers the power to take enforcement action and levy fines is the answer to the media’s financial challenges. That’s not going to happen. But a diligent free press and a well-armed consumer protection agency does make a potent force. The CFPB was a Republican target before Trump’s election. In October, the U.S. Court of Appeals declared the bureau’s single-director model unconstitutional, which could clear the way, if upheld, for Trump to remove Richard Cordray as head of the agency and introduce a commission model. Jeb Hensarling, the Republican chair of the Financial Services Committee, has been pushing to rename the bureau the Consumer Financial Opportunity Commission, with a mandate to protect not just consumers but markets. Undoubtedly, the president’s friends will like the sound of that. It’s the rest of us who won’t much like how it feels. jenwells@thestar.ca Read more about: Donald Trump Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 0°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Once Upon A City: The maid, the master — and murder The city was captivated in 1915 when a poor 18-year-old servant from England shot and killed her employer from one of Toronto's most prominent families. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Mosque Attack Canada 150 Panama Papers Peacekeeping Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: 2016 Elections | Donald Trump | trump | banking | review | global standards Trump Banking Review Raises Fears for Global Standards Talks  (AP) Tuesday, 07 Feb 2017 11:42 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    President Donald Trump's review of post-crisis banking rules could sound the death knell for new global standards now being finalized and rip apart a common approach to regulating international lenders, bankers and regulators said. Central banks and watchdogs around the world have spent the past eight years drawing up regulation aimed at preventing a repeat of the 2007-2009 financial crisis, but there are fears that project could unravel after Trump said he wants the U.S. to row back on capital rules. Trump's order for a regulatory review to overcome what he sees as obstacles to lending came as banking watchdogs were trying to complete the final piece of global capital requirements, known as Basel III. Given that the United States wants to shrink the banking rule book, there are doubts over whether the Basel rules can make it over the finishing line next month if they don't have backing from the United States. Without support from the world's biggest capital market, other countries would be less willing to commit too. The core aim of the outstanding part of Basel III that regulators are working on - dubbed Basel IV by critical banks who worry about more stringent capital requirements - is to impose more consistency into how banks calculate the amount of capital they hold against risky assets like loans. JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon said in the aftermath of the financial crisis that European rivals had been "a lot more aggressive" than American banks in calculating capital, meaning they were holding less. European policymakers have rejected that criticism, but their region's banks have been lobbying against the remaining Basel rules, saying they would force them to increase significantly the amount of capital they need to hold. If the United States fails to approve the completion of Basel III, the perceived problem that European banks get away with holding less capital than U.S. lenders may not be properly tackled, a source involved in the negotiations said. "It's in the interests of American banks to get this done," the source said. Others are less optimistic that a deal can now be done after Trump's intervention. "It's going to delay completing Basel III, and perhaps lead to it not being concluded," an adviser to banks said on condition of anonymity. "I do fear that Basel IV is doomed," a banking industry official added. There are headwinds from elsewhere, too. Patrick McHenry, Republican vice chairman of the House financial services committee, fired a warning shot at Federal Reserve Governor Janet Yellen about the Basel talks in a letter dated Jan. 31, ahead of Trump's executive order. The Fed must "cease" all attempts to negotiate binding standards "burdening American business" until the Trump Administration has had the opportunity to nominate officials that prioritize "America's best interests," McHenry said. While lawmakers often call on regulators to ease pressure on firms, regulators said Trump's intervention in banking rules gives more clout to McHenry's warning. The Basel Committee declined to comment.   GLOBAL COOPERATION Trump's decision to review existing, post-crisis banking rules has rung alarm bells among regulators outside the country. Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, which regulates the euro zone's main lenders, said on Monday that easing banking rules could threaten financial stability. Draghi was chairman of the Group of 20 Economies' (G20) regulatory task force, the Financial Stability Board, which during the financial crisis was instrumental in building up a global approach to reinforcing banking standards. A former regulator said the United States would be scoring an own goal by withdrawing from multilateral bodies like Basel as it would no longer be shaping rules that impinge on U.S. banking competitiveness globally. "It's early days, but what we have seen in language and rhetoric from Washington is worrying," said David Wright, a former top EU official who was part of crisis-era efforts to create the global regulatory consensus. "If you break international consensus, you are effectively opening up a regulatory race and heaven knows where it will end," said Wright, now at Flint Global, which advises companies on regulatory matters. Wright was referring to what was seen in the run-up to the financial crisis, when countries like Britain resorted to a "light touch" approach to banks to make London a more attractive financial center. Valdis Dombrovskis, the EU's financial services chief, said last week that international regulatory cooperation had been vital in tackling the financial crisis and must continue. Much will hinge on how much regulatory change Trump can actually push through. Former Democratic Congressman Barney Frank, who jointly sponsored the Dodd Frank Act that Trump wants to review, told the BBC last week he does not expect Congress to approve the wholesale rolling back of rules, but the Trump administration could pressure U.S. regulators to ease up on applying existing requirements. Anil Kashyap, a Bank of England policymaker, said last month that Trump's nomination for the powerful role of Fed Vice Chair in charge of banking supervision would shape the U.S. approach to international rule-making. It will have a "huge impact," a regulatory source added. The fear among global regulators is that multilateral bodies like the Basel Committee and the Financial Stability Board could be abandoned by the United States under Trump. Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, chairman of Spain's Bankia, told Spanish television on Tuesday he would be concerned if Trump was questioning the usefulness of international banking rules. "It would worry me very much because I think it's very important, very relevant that there have been advances in the homogenization of regulation amongst developed countries," he said.    © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk President Donald Trump's review ofpost-crisis banking rules could sound the death knell for newglobal standards now being finalized and rip apart a commonapproach to regulating international lenders, bankers andregulators said.Central banks and watchdogs around the world... trump, banking, review, global standards 924 Tuesday, 07 Feb 2017 11:42 AM 2017-42-07 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Readers React Letters to the editor and readers' opinions. Opinion Readers React Opinion Trump is letting the Wall Street foxes guard the hen house Wall Street Jin Lee / Associated Press A Wall Street sign hangs near the New York Stock Exchange in 2011. A Wall Street sign hangs near the New York Stock Exchange in 2011. (Jin Lee / Associated Press) To the editor: I highly object to the headline, in that it mischaracterizes what’s actually happening. In truth, President Trump is planning to rescind protective measures for the nation’s consumers and the financial system. (“Trump orders review of Dodd-Frank financial regulations, suspends retirement advisor rule,” Feb. 3) For Trump to defer to JP Morgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Jamie Dimon for advice on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act is like giving the fox the keys to the hen house. The idea that Trump’s business friends can’t get loans really means that we have been relieved from having to be responsible for their loan shortfalls.  I don’t appreciate this journalistic soft soaping of the executive branch’s self-serving intentions.  Sylvia Dohnal, Arcadia .. Submit a Letter to the Editor Please fill in your full name, mailing address, city of residence, phone number and e-mail address below. Submissions that do not include this information cannot be published. This information is seen only by the letters editors and is not used for any commercial purpose. We generally do not publish... Please fill in your full name, mailing address, city of residence, phone number and e-mail address below. Submissions that do not include this information cannot be published. This information is seen only by the letters editors and is not used for any commercial purpose. We generally do not publish...Read the story To the editor: Isn’t it curious that the new president wishes to explore the relaxation of bank lending regulations? He contends the rules are too strict and his friends have good businesses but cannot get loans.  If he would show us his tax returns, we could decide for ourselves if he took advantage of billions in loans before he took his corporations bankrupt. If he says he just took advantage of existing corporate laws, obviously those laws should remain strict — any relaxation is a further insult to our intelligence. Kevin H. Park, Mission Hills Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Jamie Dimon Courts shouldn't try to plumb the 'original intent' of Trump's travel ban Trump’s trash talk on judges makes trouble for Gorsuch House Republicans side with Wall Street against the little guy Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 60°
Home Issues Experts Newsletters & Trading Services Login Where will all the upside come from? Posted on February 7, 2017 by Nilus Mattive When it comes to money, I’m pretty conservative. And when it comes to investing, I’m downright paranoid. Yes, I’m willing to take risks. Occasionally, I’ll even take a big one if the payoff is really worth it. But overall, I believe in Warren Buffett’s first rule of investing — “Don’t lose money.” (This also happens to be his second rule of investing.) This is precisely why I’m not all that excited by stocks or bonds right now. Sure, we are starting four years under a business-friendly president. No doubt a Republican-controlled Congress will be wind in his sails, too. However, this is precisely why the S&P 500 has ALREADY had a very sharp post-election rally. And that’s just been the latest surge in a bull market that is already the second-oldest in history … As this bull market approaches its eighth year, can the good times continue? Most Wall Street prognosticators have answered in the affirmative. UBS analyst Julian Emanuel says the S&P 500 will hit 2,300 by year-end. JPMorgan’s Dubravko Lakos-Bujas has issued a similar target. Analysts from Citi and Deutsche Bank are even more bullish, calling for 2,325 and 2,350, respectively. While none of those predictions imply massive gains, they keep returns positive for 2017. Still, WHY should stocks continue to go higher? What fundamental developments haven’t yet been priced in? The S&P 500 is now trading at roughly 21 times last year’s earnings (though not all results are in yet, obviously). That’s about the highest level since 2002. If we’re about to see a new round of corporate earnings growth, this makes sense. However, I’m not clear where that growth is going to come from. I don’t believe it will come from infrastructure spending. I don’t believe it will come from a major new technological boom out of Silicon Valley. And I don’t believe it will come from surging demand in overseas markets that are struggling to stay afloat. I’m failing to see where it will come from at all. Therefore, I’d bet we’re closer to a top than a new basecamp when it comes to equities. No doubt I could be wrong, and I hope I am. But as I explained last month, I recently told my dad to take more than $54,000 in banked profits off the table … and for my Income Superstars newsletter, I am keeping my recommendations to tried-and-true investments that can survive market downdrafts and kick off dividends during periods of limited upside. Now, let’s look at bonds. We’ve already seen some air come out of fixed-income, which makes sense given a couple of interest-rate hikes. However, that cycle has probably just begun. Or at the very least, rates can’t reverse course very far. Do I want to lock in current bond yields for 10, 20 or 30 years? Not in a big way. Maybe for a small portion of a portfolio as a hedge and safety net. I would also continue to focus on more niche categories like GNMAs, TIPS, etc. It’s also worth reiterating that I don’t just see poor upside catalysts. I also see plenty of potential threats that most other investors seem to be ignoring. Misguided government policies are just one of those things. Look at what recently happened in India: Literally overnight, common forms of cash became illegal. People were forced to change their bills for new ones by a certain deadline. ATM withdrawals were restricted. Bank lines were long. And for many people living in a cash-based economy, chaos ensued. I’ve read accounts of rural citizens who couldn’t buy food at their markets, even one who died because there was no way to pay for needed healthcare. There are also less-extreme examples already playing out in more-industrialized areas. The European Union has banned 500-euro notes. Australia has a goal of becoming cash-free by 2022. Even in the United States, there has been plenty of talk about doing away with $100 bills. Speaking of Europe, we still have the very real possibility that the entire European Union will fall apart — which carries all sorts of implications to currencies, global trade and the entire financial system. We also can’t rule out the possibility of a new — and serious — geopolitical event. Saber-rattling from North Korea, increased tensions with China and other rumblings all bring some concerns in 2017 and beyond. While gold and silver don’t offer perfect protection against these possibilities, they offer more than most. That’s why I also think a small allocation to precious metals can make a lot of sense for many portfolios … even if these non-income-bearing investments are outside my usual realm of coverage. In short, I see relatively expensive investment valuations … few upside catalysts … and a lot of risk that isn’t priced in at all right now. But hey, maybe I’m just paranoid. Best wishes, Nilus Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment 
 Name * Email * Website ← Previous Next → Nilus Mattive Nilus Mattive has been obsessed with dividend-paying stocks since the sixth grade. He’s not sure exactly what inspired him — it could have been the movie Wall Street or the popular T.V. show character Alex P. Keaton (played by Michael … → Recently by Nilus Mattive 07 Feb Where will all the upside come from? 31 Jan The very best sectors, stocks & dividends 24 Jan President Obama’s Retirement 17 Jan Five Changes to Social Security in 2017 Weiss Research Contact Us Uncommon Wisdom Daily 4400 Northcorp Parkway Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 Copyright © 2017 Uncommon Wisdom Daily | Contact | Privacy | Terms | Advertising
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe RBS Curtails Self-Rule at Queen’s Bank Coutts With Referral Plan by Richard Partington @RJPartington More stories by Richard Partington February 7, 2017, 9:49 AM EST Private bank’s CEO Flavel seeks to forge closer links with RBS Bank has target to gain 30% of new customers from RBS Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc is pushing to end years of quasi-independence at Coutts & Co., as the new chief of the private bank to Queen Elizabeth II seeks to extend links with its taxpayer-owned parent. Almost a year into his tenure as chief executive officer of the U.K.’s largest private bank, Peter Flavel wants 30 percent of new clients to come from RBS. He’s already helped double internal referrals to 20 percent of new customers, Flavel said in an interview. “There’s enormous upside and potential for Coutts to work with the commercial bank” at RBS, Flavel, 56, said at the 325-year-old lender’s London headquarters. “While our greatest opportunity is our existing client base, the next opportunity is this relationship and collaboration.” Coutts is focusing on the U.K. market after RBS sold its international business as financial scandals in recent years underscored the risks of operating a global private bank. Switzerland’s financial regulator fined RBS 6.5 million Swiss francs ($6.5 million) earlier this month for violating money-laundering rules and illegally profiting from transactions associated with 1Malaysia Development Bhd. Flavel said the issue was handled by RBS and that he doesn’t deal with legacy issues. Crown Jewel A former CEO of Asia wealth management at JPMorgan Chase & Co., Flavel was brought in by RBS chief Ross McEwan in March with a mandate to pull Coutts into line after years of relative autonomy. Coutts rarely served the wealthy business owners that were already corporate clients of RBS, and former senior executives at the private bank had pushed for it to operate separately from RBS or even be sold, according to people familiar with the matter. “Some private banks try and run themselves separately from the universal bank,” said Flavel. “The way I look at it is that, if you’re running RBS, you would definitely want Coutts to be a part of the bank. It’s the jewel in the crown.” Read more: RBS’s efforts to boost Coutts profitability Coutts competes with domestic lenders offering private banking such as HSBC Holdings Plc and Barclays Plc, global firms including UBS Group AG and specialist money managers such as St. James’s Place Plc. It’s the largest firm offering full-service private banking from current accounts to loans and investments in Britain’s 1.3 trillion-pound ($1.6 trillion) wealth market. Coutts clients typically have at least 1 million pounds of assets to invest or seek to borrow a similar amount. The bank operates a separate IT platform from RBS and its  offices in central London, its home since 1904, has a pond with Japanese Koi carp in an ornate central atrium that belies RBS’s taxpayer ownership. The building, which the firm bought last year, has a special entrance reserved for the monarch. Revenue Increase RBS’s commercial bank, the largest in the U.K. with about 153 billion pounds of assets, could prove a rich source of potential customers, Flavel said. However, RBS is cutting back its investment bank, a business that typically helps attract customers seeking complex investments. RBS’s private-banking division, housing Coutts and its smaller Scottish counterpart Adam & Co., increased client assets under management to 16.6 billion pounds in September, from 13.5 billion pounds a year earlier, while lending rose from 11.1 billion pounds to 11.8 billion pounds. The unit increased revenue by 2 percent to 496 million pounds in the nine months through September from a year earlier, while costs excluding litigation and restructuring charges fell by 2 percent to 365 million pounds. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Yet, the business is failing to meet profitability targets, with a cost to income ratio of 74 percent dragging on McEwan’s ambition to reduce the measure for RBS as a whole to below 50 percent. Although Flavel said he’ll maintain headcount at about 1,800 employees, he’ll cut administrative jobs as he looks to grow some parts of the business. The bank will invest more than 20 million pounds a year in digital and wealth operations for the next four years. RBS sold its international private banking business to Switzerland’s Union Bancaire Privee two years ago in a retreat from the global wealth market. The sale included businesses in Monaco, Singapore and Hong Kong and about 32 billion Swiss francs of assets under management. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kirkland's Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kirkland's Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hartford Investment Management Co. Increases Position in Simon Property Group, Inc. (SPG) National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Rating Increased to Hold at Stifel Nicolaus bluebird bio, Inc. (BLUE) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: ResMed Inc. (RMD) Director Sells $1,366,400.00 in Stock NVR, Inc. (NVR) Director Sells $1,223,118.33 in Stock Procter & Gamble Company (The) (PG) Shares Sold by Commonwealth Bank of Australia Cameco Corporation (CCJ) Position Cut by Commonwealth Bank of Australia American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Shares Sold by Commonwealth Bank of Australia Commonwealth Bank of Australia Has $25,942,000 Stake in Nucor Corporation (NUE) Golub Capital BDC, Inc. (GBDC) Declares $0.32 Quarterly Dividend Chipotle Mexican Grill’s (CMG) “Underweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Stephens Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Travelzoo Inc. (TZOO) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Price Target Raised to $130.00 at RBC Capital Markets Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. Cut by KeyCorp (BWLD) Anchor Capital Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in 3M Company (MMM) Anchor Capital Advisors LLC Cuts Position in Woodward, Inc. (WWD) Kirkland’s, Inc. (KIRK) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Kirkland’s, Inc. (NASDAQ:KIRK) – Equities researchers at B. Riley reduced their FY2017 EPS estimates for Kirkland’s in a research report issued on Monday. B. Riley analyst J. Van. Sinderen now expects that the firm will post earnings of $0.58 per share for the year, down from their prior forecast of $0.70. B. Riley currently has a “Neutral” rating and a $14.00 price target on the stock. B. Riley also issued estimates for Kirkland’s’ Q4 2017 earnings at $0.80 EPS. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised Kirkland’s from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 25th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $17.40. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/kirklands-inc-kirk-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-0-58-per-share-b-riley-forecasts.html. Kirkland’s (NASDAQ:KIRK) traded down 0.396% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $11.315. The company had a trading volume of 27,931 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $14.58 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.88. Kirkland’s has a 52 week low of $10.10 and a 52 week high of $18.19. The stock has a market capitalization of $179.90 million, a PE ratio of 14.305 and a beta of 1.71. Kirkland’s (NASDAQ:KIRK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, November 22nd. The company reported ($0.05) EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.10) by $0.05. Kirkland’s had a return on equity of 10.96% and a net margin of 2.22%. The company had revenue of $138.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $137.50 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted ($0.02) earnings per share. Kirkland’s’s revenue was up 7.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in KIRK. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. bought a new position in Kirkland’s during the second quarter valued at approximately $729,000. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its position in Kirkland’s by 1.5% in the second quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 21,020 shares of the company’s stock valued at $309,000 after buying an additional 314 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Kirkland’s by 1.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 115,195 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,691,000 after buying an additional 1,725 shares during the last quarter. B. Riley Financial Inc. bought a new position in Kirkland’s during the second quarter valued at approximately $238,000. Finally, Foundry Partners LLC raised its position in Kirkland’s by 18.6% in the third quarter. Foundry Partners LLC now owns 266,490 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,246,000 after buying an additional 41,740 shares during the last quarter. 88.64% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/kirklands-inc-kirk-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-0-58-per-share-b-riley-forecasts.html. In other news, Director Carl Kirkland sold 40,736 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.06, for a total value of $613,484.16. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 467,011 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,033,185.66. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Over the last three months, insiders sold 171,795 shares of company stock valued at $2,406,182. Corporate insiders own 10.50% of the company’s stock. About Kirkland’s Kirkland’s, Inc is a specialty retailer of home decor and gifts in the United States. The Company’s merchandise categories include wall decor, art, mirrors, lamps, decorative accessories, accent furniture, textiles, fragrance and accessories, frames, housewares, impulse and personal accessories, outdoor living and artificial floral products. Receive News & Ratings for Kirkland's Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kirkland's Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Brexit USA for sale? British firms target America after Brexit bruises the pound Silvia Amaro | @Silvia_Amaro Tuesday, 7 Feb 2017 | 8:57 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Two FTSE-listed companies have recently announced acquisitions in the U.S. and a third is reportedly in talks to do the same. These acquisitions are taking place despite a weaker pound, which means U.K. firms are currently paying a lot more to gain access to the United States. Analysts believe that the attractiveness of U.S. equities make such acquisitions a clever move in the medium to long term and news of further deals should be expected in the coming months. "The FTSE All-Share has a number of industry leading global companies. Some of these companies are looking to expand into new markets, or consolidate their position in existing markets. This is particularly pertinent for companies that want to boost their top-line growth," Callum Abbot, U.K. equity and fund manager at JPMorgan Asset Management, told CNBC via email. "The U.S. equity market is attractive from this perspective as companies are exposed to the growing U.S. and global economies. The U.S. may be particularly attractive if the Trump administration follows through on its campaign policies including easy fiscal policy, corporate tax cuts and simplification of regulation," he added. So far, since the start of the year, the health goods producer Reckitt Benckiser agreed to buy baby food maker Mead Johnson Nutrition and British American Tobbaco is acquiring Reynolds American. Last week, news reports said that Sports Direct was in talks to acquire the U.S.-based retailer Eastern Outfitters. None of the companies above were available for comment. British American Tobacco said in an email to CNBC that the reasons for the purchase remain those outlined on January 17, when the deal was announced and did not want to make any further comment. At the time, the firm mentioned in a press release that the size of the U.S. market as well as a bigger exposure to high growth emerging markets were two of the main factors leading to the acquisition. "It is widely expected that monetary policy will tighten over the medium term, in fact, globally, bond yields have already started to rise. With this in mind, the window for taking on cheap debt is narrowing and so there is a time incentive to get deals done in the near term," Abbot from JP Morgan told CNBC. Tom Whelan, Hogan Lovells' global head of private equity, told CNBC over the phone that indeed there is room for further similar deals and "open to all sectors," but there is also interest from U.S. firms in the U.K. market. According to Whelan, companies decide on acquisitions always based on "strategic reasons". He added that fears over Trump's protectionism and border tax could be among such "strategic reasons". This is because, non-US-based companies could soon face further restrictions when buying a U.S. companies. Silvia AmaroDigital Reporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BATO ---
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 February 2017 by Military News Beyond Operational Excellence: An IQPC Guide to Business Transformation Across Industries LONDON, February 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — For many years, operational and process excellence has been a chief concern for organizations across industries. Adopting continuous improvement methodologies and new Lean Six Sigma ways of working have resulted in untold efficiencies for enterprises over the years. But now, with the proliferation of new digital technologies and the rise of automated processes, organizations face a new challenge. Increasingly, enterprises are undergoing extensive transformation, both cultural and technological, in order to ensure the excellence of their organization for the future. This transformation brings with it great change, and with change comes resistance. Donald Kuk, VP Global Business Transformation at BNY Mellon is a guru when it comes to business transformation. Donald’s successes include leading enterprise transformation and operational excellence for GE, JPMorgan Chase Bank, Computer Associates and AIG. Known by Fortune Magazine as the „Enterprise Whisperer”, Donald is a multi-industry award winning executive who has delivered record growth, margin and customer and employee satisfaction improvement through his analysis of enterprise and strategic processes, technologies and controls. Donald will join the OPEX Exchange to explore what an organization looks like beyond operational excellence and share lessons on how it’s possible to deliver a holistic enterprise transformation to achieve a more efficient and profitable enterprise. Donald will speak on how to connect processes and operations to the winder enterprise strategy to deliver a holistic transformation across the organization. Discover how to: To get more information on Donald’s session, and to learn more about the other topics explored, get a copy of the agenda here >> http://bit.ly/2k8mSgo << The OPEX Exchange will explore concerns surrounding business transformation and operational excellence in greater depth with 60 Senior Executives of OPEX and Business Transformation from leading enterprises across the United States, as well as innovative solution providers at the Hilton Del Mar, San Diego (5th – 7thApril 2017). To request an invitation visit http://bit.ly/2k8iD4D , call +44(0)207-368-9484 or email exchangeinfo@iqpc.com. SOURCE IQPC Exchange – OPEX Exchange CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computing, Industry, Technology, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Artist Legacy Group Signs The Zombies To Global Brand Representation Deal Next PostNext Forbes, HSBC & Nike Share Their Digital Strategy Secrets Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Election nerves push French bond yields to highest over Germany since 2012 By Reuters Published: 12:56 EST, 7 February 2017 | Updated: 12:56 EST, 7 February 2017 e-mail By Abhinav Ramnarayan LONDON, Feb 7 (Reuters) - Investor concerns that the far right could win France's presidential vote and take it out of the European Union pushed the premium investors demand to hold French government debt over German bonds to its highest since November 2012 on Tuesday. The gap between French and German 10-year borrowing costs widened to 78 basis points in early trades as nervous investors sought safety in low-risk German government bonds. Though the spread between the two narrowed as the session wore on, it remained near multi-year highs. Bets against French bonds had already risen dramatically in the wake of Donald Trump's surprise win in the U.S. election in November. These have intensified over the past two weeks as support for conservative challenger Francois Fillon has tumbled in the wake of a financial scandal. The former prime minister had been seen as a shoo-in for the Elysee palace before the scandal erupted, but opinion polls now show him crashing out in the first round. Fillon has lost ground to independent centrist Emmanuel Macron and, more alarmingly for investors, the anti-EU National Front leader Marine Le Pen. Le Pen promises to haul France out of the euro zone and hold a referendum on EU membership. But while Le Pen has long been expected to reach the spring election's second round, polls show her being soundly defeated in that runoff. As political uncertainty grows in France, the relationship between French and German bonds has weakened while that between French and lower-rated Italian debt has strengthened, suggesting French bonds are behaving more like peripheral peers. The correlation between daily changes in 10-year bond yields in France and Germany over a 60-day period is now lower than the equivalen correlation between French and Italian yields. The last time the correlations crossed over was early 2012 when Italian spreads widened and concerns over a euro breakup were on the rise, according to Thomson Reuters' IFR. "LE PEN CAN'T WIN" "The market is pricing in the tail risk of Le Pen winning the presidential elections," said DZ Bank strategist Daniel Lenz. The phrase "tail risk" refers to an unlikely but potentially disruptive event. French Finance Minister Michel Sapin weighed in on Tuesday, saying some investors failed to understand France's electoral system and Le Pen would not win the election. "Those who, in good faith or by speculation, bet against France because they think Le Pen can win are not only wrong, but I'll be frank: they will lose a lot of money," he said. While his comments chimed voter surveys, Britain's Brexit vote and Donald Trump's U.S. election win revealed the depth of of anti-establishment feeling and highlighted the unreliability of opinion polls. BlackRock's global chief investment strategist, Richard Turnill, said in a note that he believed the risk priced into European markets around this year's French and German elections was overstated. Such sentiment helped push yields lower as the session wore on, with France's 10-year bond yield down 4 basis points on the day at 1.10 percent, and the gap to German equivalents narrowing to 73 bps. "There is always the conflict between fear and greed," said Commerzbank strategist David Schnautz. "I guess fear pushed the yields so high that some investors could not resist." The cost of insuring against volatility in the euro versus the dollar over the next three months rose to its highest in over a week on Tuesday as contracts took in the date of the final round of France's presidential vote. French stocks underperformed the pan-European STOXX 600 index, though traders ascribed this to a fall in banking shares after BNP Paribas shares reported sub-forecast fourth-quarter profits and its shares fell 4 percent. Doubts over a rescue package for Greece were also stoking concerns over the future stability of the euro zone. Greece's two-year bond yield topped 10 percent for the first time since June on growing worries over whether the European Union and the International Monetary Fund can reach an agreement over a third Greek bailout. (Additional reporting by Vikram Subhedar and Dhara Ranasinghe and Michel Rose in Paris; Editing by Richard Lough) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Most U.S. aid groups working abroad hobbled by banking barriers -survey Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Tue Feb 7, 2017 | 8:05pm IST Most U.S. aid groups working abroad hobbled by banking barriers -survey By Yeganeh Torbati | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Most U.S. aid groups working abroad face the unintended consequences of U.S. banking regulations aimed at preventing terrorist financing, just as the number of people displaced worldwide has reached record levels, according to a survey published on Tuesday. Two-thirds of U.S. non-profits working internationally experience banking problems, according to the survey commissioned by the Charity & Security Network and funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. (Survey: bit.ly/2kLTwqE) Fifteen percent of non-profits experienced those problems constantly or regularly. Smaller organizations were more likely to face banking barriers, the report found. Major western banks have pulled out of certain lines of business or parts of the world because they fear violating tighter U.S. regulations, a trend referred to as "de-risking." Those hit hardest include charities, money remittance services, and even entire regions. The most common problems charities face include delayed wire transfers, sometimes stretching into weeks, requests for more documentation, and higher fees, the survey found. Some non-profits see their accounts closed or banks refuse to open accounts for them in the first place. Non-profits are forced to use riskier ways to move money, including carrying cash, the report said. The Swasia Charity Foundation has had problems accessing banking services ever since it was founded in New Jersey in 2012 to provide aid to Syrians affected by the civil war, Rami Bitar, a board member, said in an interview. In 2014, Bank of America Corp blocked a transfer for about $35,000 because Swasia's treasurer mentioned the money was destined for an education program in a Syrian village. The bank asked for more information and in the end did not complete the transfer, Bitar said. The same year, JPMorgan Chase & Co gave the group two months' notice before it closed its account, Bitar said. "We did not inquire about why or whether they can do it or not," Bitar said. "We assumed the reason behind it is that we are a charity for the Syrian people and simply that was it." Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase declined to comment. Critics say the U.S. government is primarily concerned with stopping terrorist financing, an approach they argue drives transactions outside the formal financial system and makes it harder to track illicit activity. "They want the bad guys out and that's the only thing they're set up to do," said Scott Paul, senior humanitarian policy advisor at Oxfam America. A State Department official said the U.S. government's interests are served by charities being allowed to do their work, but that priority competes with that of protecting the global financial system from abuse. "It's not like there are great solutions that are leaping forward that are being ignored by anyone," said the official, on condition of anonymity. The Treasury Department declined to comment. (Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Yara Bayoumy and Lisa Shumaker) Next In World News Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure MANILA Four people died and more than 100 were injured after a powerful earthquake struck the island of Mindanao in the southern Philippines late Friday, damaging some structures and cutting power in many areas, local officials said. China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain BEIJING Combining public bluster with behind-the-scenes diplomacy, China wrested a concession from the United States as the two presidents spoke for the first time this week, but Beijing may not be able to derive much comfort from the win on U.S. policy toward Taiwan. U.S. elections official asks Trump for evidence of voter fraud WASHINGTON A member of the Federal Election Commission on Friday called on President Donald Trump to share any evidence he has to support a statement that voter fraud caused him and former Senator Kelly Ayotte to lose in New Hampshire in the 2016 U.S. election. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Assembly Elections Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 267/6 (88) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home World Most U.S. aid groups working abroad hobbled by banking barriers -survey Shares1 Tue, 7 Feb 2017-07:35pm , Reuters Most U.S. aid groups working abroad face the unintended consequences of U.S. banking regulations aimed at preventing terrorist financing, just as the number of people displaced worldwide has reached record levels, according to a survey published on Tuesday. Two-thirds of U.S. non-profits working internationally experience banking problems, according to the survey commissioned by the Charity & Security Network and funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. (Survey: http://bit.ly/2kLTwqE) Fifteen percent of non-profits experienced those problems constantly or regularly. Smaller organizations were more likely to face banking barriers, the report found. Major western banks have pulled out of certain lines of business or parts of the world because they fear violating tighter U.S. regulations, a trend referred to as "de-risking." Those hit hardest include charities, money remittance services, and even entire regions. The most common problems charities face include delayed wire transfers, sometimes stretching into weeks, requests for more documentation, and higher fees, the survey found. Some non-profits see their accounts closed or banks refuse to open accounts for them in the first place. Non-profits are forced to use riskier ways to move money, including carrying cash, the report said. The Swasia Charity Foundation has had problems accessing banking services ever since it was founded in New Jersey in 2012 to provide aid to Syrians affected by the civil war, Rami Bitar, a board member, said in an interview. In 2014, Bank of America Corp blocked a transfer for about $35,000 because Swasia's treasurer mentioned the money was destined for an education program in a Syrian village. The bank asked for more information and in the end did not complete the transfer, Bitar said. The same year, JPMorgan Chase & Co gave the group two months' notice before it closed its account, Bitar said. "We did not inquire about why or whether they can do it or not," Bitar said. "We assumed the reason behind it is that we are a charity for the Syrian people and simply that was it." Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase declined to comment. Critics say the U.S. government is primarily concerned with stopping terrorist financing, an approach they argue drives transactions outside the formal financial system and makes it harder to track illicit activity. "They want the bad guys out and that's the only thing they're set up to do," said Scott Paul, senior humanitarian policy advisor at Oxfam America. A State Department official said the U.S. government's interests are served by charities being allowed to do their work, but that priority competes with that of protecting the global financial system from abuse. "It's not like there are great solutions that are leaping forward that are being ignored by anyone," said the official, on condition of anonymity. The Treasury Department declined to comment. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World New York City: Two men plead guilty to plotting terror attack for ISIS World US expresses objection to Palestinian as UN envoy to Libya World Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defence tension World Melania Trump & Akie Abe | Both unconventional First Ladies yet poles apart World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills 6 Live Cricket Score Live BAN 267/6 (88) BAN trail by 420 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related CEOs of major US companies to meet with Trump amid tension over his policies Iran deal offers faint hope for Iranian-American banking woes Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags JPMorgan Chase Bill Melinda Gates Foundation New Jersey Scott Paul U. S. Bank of America Corp America Corp JPMorgan Chase & Co Oxfam America state department Treasury Department SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News India wants Pak to take action against terrorists: Bambawale 3 killed after inhaling 'toxic gases' on board barge BJP reaches out to small groups within North Indian community HC grants interim relief to Sharma in Kabbadi league case UP Elections 2017 | Akhilesh govt playing with aspirations of youth for political gains: PM Modi Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Govt removes duty anomalies to boost medical devices mfg: Min Sebi says remedial actions underway in NSE co-location case Oils and Oilseeds: Edible, non-edibles weakens further Bullion: Both the precious metals, gold and silver Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Most U.S. aid groups working abroad hobbled by banking barriers -survey By Reuters Published: 09:03 EST, 7 February 2017 | Updated: 09:03 EST, 7 February 2017 e-mail By Yeganeh Torbati WASHINGTON, Feb 7 (Reuters) - Most U.S. aid groups working abroad face the unintended consequences of U.S. banking regulations aimed at preventing terrorist financing, just as the number of people displaced worldwide has reached record levels, according to a survey published on Tuesday. Two-thirds of U.S. non-profits working internationally experience banking problems, according to the survey commissioned by the Charity & Security Network and funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. (Survey: http://bit.ly/2kLTwqE) Fifteen percent of non-profits experienced those problems constantly or regularly. Smaller organizations were more likely to face banking barriers, the report found. Major western banks have pulled out of certain lines of business or parts of the world because they fear violating tighter U.S. regulations, a trend referred to as "de-risking." Those hit hardest include charities, money remittance services, and even entire regions. The most common problems charities face include delayed wire transfers, sometimes stretching into weeks, requests for more documentation, and higher fees, the survey found. Some non-profits see their accounts closed or banks refuse to open accounts for them in the first place. Non-profits are forced to use riskier ways to move money, including carrying cash, the report said. The Swasia Charity Foundation has had problems accessing banking services ever since it was founded in New Jersey in 2012 to provide aid to Syrians affected by the civil war, Rami Bitar, a board member, said in an interview. In 2014, Bank of America Corp blocked a transfer for about $35,000 because Swasia's treasurer mentioned the money was destined for an education program in a Syrian village. The bank asked for more information and in the end did not complete the transfer, Bitar said. The same year, JPMorgan Chase & Co gave the group two months' notice before it closed its account, Bitar said. "We did not inquire about why or whether they can do it or not," Bitar said. "We assumed the reason behind it is that we are a charity for the Syrian people and simply that was it." Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase declined to comment. Critics say the U.S. government is primarily concerned with stopping terrorist financing, an approach they argue drives transactions outside the formal financial system and makes it harder to track illicit activity. "They want the bad guys out and that's the only thing they're set up to do," said Scott Paul, senior humanitarian policy advisor at Oxfam America. A State Department official said the U.S. government's interests are served by charities being allowed to do their work, but that priority competes with that of protecting the global financial system from abuse. "It's not like there are great solutions that are leaping forward that are being ignored by anyone," said the official, on condition of anonymity. The Treasury Department declined to comment. (Reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Yara Bayoumy and Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Trending: Ask Stacy: Should I Pay for Identity Theft Protection and Credit Monitoring?Is Your TV Tracking You? Here’s How to Tell — and Prevent ItHow the Trump Tax Plan Will Affect YouEver Owned a DVD Drive? You Might Be Owed $107 Ways to Build Willpower That Creates Success9 Ways Your Phone Can Slash Grocery Costs Register / Login Articles Trending Ask Stacy: Should I Pay for Identity Theft Protection and Credit Monitoring? Is Your TV Tracking You? Here’s How to Tell — and Prevent It How the Trump Tax Plan Will Affect You Ever Owned a DVD Drive? You Might Be Owed $10 7 Ways to Build Willpower That Creates Success 9 Ways Your Phone Can Slash Grocery Costs Categories Around The House Business Cars College Credit & Debt Eco-Friendly Family Insurance Investing Jobs & Work Real Estate Retirement Shopping Taxes Tech Travel Ripoffs Ask Stacy Video Vintage Deals Coupons Solutions MTN Solutions Center No matter what your financial situation, whether you have more debt than you can deal with or are just looking for a credit card with better rewards, we can help you find what you need. Get help with Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Register Login Deals Coupons Solutions Search for: Search Search for: Search Sign up for our free newsletter and we'll send you a PDF with 205 ways to save! Click here to sign up now! Sign up Grow Consumer Protections Under Threat From Executive Order More Great Articles! Our free newsletter is filled with articles just like this. Sign up now and get a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up We respect your privacy and do not share or sell email addresses. See our Privacy Policy for more information. Daily Tips That Can Change Your Life Join our 367,482 active subscribers! Daily tips to make more, spend less, and reach your goals Fun-to-watch videos, easy-to-read articles Get any money question answered in our forums Sign up Thank you for all of the advice and news you share; it is priceless! I post so many of your things on Facebook. Please keep up the great work. Harmony These are real, unsolicited comments from our readers. Find Solutions Get help with ... Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better ... Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Popular Videos Things You Must Buy at the Dollar Store Things You Shouldn't Buy at the Dollar Store Best and Worst Things to Buy in January 2017 Simple Tricks to Make You Richer 9 Secret Ways to Use Toothpaste How to Make Things Last Longer Recent Videos How to Get Started Investing With $500 or Less More Romance, Less Money: Valentine's Day Savings How to Make Things Last Longer 10 Pet Dangers You Don't Know About Better Investing What's Hot How a Mexican Tariff Will Boost the Cost of 6 Common PurchasesFamily Report: Walmart to Begin Selling CarsCars How to Protect Yourself From the ‘Can You Hear Me?’ Phone ScamFamily Trump Scraps FHA Rate Cut — What Does It Mean for You?Borrow This Free Software Brings Old Laptops Back to LifeMore 10 Overlooked Expenses That Ruin Your BudgetFamily Protecting Trump Will Cost Taxpayers $35 MillionFamily 8 Creative Ways to Clear ClutterAround The House 8 Tuition-Free U.S. CollegesCollege Study: People Who Curse Are More HonestFamily Tax Hacks 2017: Don’t Miss These 16 Often-Overlooked Tax BreaksTaxes The 3 Golden Rules of Lending to Friends and FamilyBorrow Porta-Potties for Presidential Inauguration Cause a StinkFamily 12 Surprising Ways to Wreck Your Credit ScoreBorrow These Are the 25 Best Jobs in the U.S.Jobs & Work Initiatives by President Donald Trump and GOP lawmakers promise major changes to financial regulations that could undermine some recent consumer protections. By Geof Wheelwright on February 7, 2017 Photo by Action Sports Photography / Shutterstock.com The Trump administration recently signaled it will move ahead with changes to U.S. financial regulations that could have a significant impact on American consumers, investors and borrowers. President Donald J. Trump signed an executive order called “Core Principles for Regulating the U.S. Financial System,” which he unveiled after a meeting with American business leaders including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty and Chairman and CEO of General Motors Mary Barra. Although not specifically named in the executive order, the president has said it will include a review of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, a law passed in 2010 to help the nation recover from the 2007-2008 financial crisis and the subsequent Great Recession. Trump wants the review on his desk in 120 days. Targeting Dodd-Frank Last week, when announcing a planned cut in regulations for small businesses, Trump told a gathering of small-business leaders, “Dodd-Frank is a disaster. We’re going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank.”On Friday, he went on to say, “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because, frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can’t borrow money, they just can’t get any money because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank.” The new executive order is just one of a string of actions taken by both the new president and the Republican-controlled House and Senate in recent weeks to reduce oversight and regulation of the financial services industry and businesses. In addition, Republicans in the Senate have proposed the “Financial CHOICE Act” to roll back many of the financial services oversight rules put in place during President Barack Obama’s administration as it worked to help the economy recover from the financial crisis. Here’s are some of the key consumer protections that are likely targets for major change: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau In the administration’s crosshairs is the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), established by the Dodd-Frank Act in July 2011. According to its website, the bureau’s mission is: [T]o make consumer financial markets work for consumers, responsible providers, and the economy as a whole. We protect consumers from unfair, deceptive, or abusive practices and take action against companies that break the law. We arm people with the information, steps, and tools that they need to make smart financial decisions. Among other initiatives, the bureau has fought to rein in payday lenders from taking advantage of borrowers, helped combat discrimination in lending and determine when credit card companies are misleading consumers about their reward programs. Now under consideration are these moves to defang the CFPB: Potential elimination of new federal CFPB rules on prepaid cards: Last week a group of Republican lawmakers introduced a joint resolution to “disapprove” of a new rule that would have required greater accountability from issuers of prepaid cards. The rule, designed to ensure that users of prepaid cards were provided with most of the same protections as users of traditional bank-issued debit cards (including disclosure of fees and a limit on consumer liability when cards are lost or stolen), was slated to take effect this fall but would not if the resolution passes. Structure of the CFPB (and likely its very survival): Last year, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling said in a speech that the CFPB needs a major overhaul and a different leadership structure. “The CFPB may arguably be the single most powerful and least accountable federal agency in the history of our nation,” he said. “The CFPB director — one man — has the unbridled and unprecedented power to unilaterally declare virtually any mortgage, credit card or bank account ‘unfair’ or ‘abusive’ at which point Americans can’t have it – even if they need it, want it, understand it and can afford it.” Courts have also weighed in on the structure of the CFPB and its constitutionality. White House press secretary Sean Spicer also declined to rule out elimination of the CFPB when asked a direct question about it last week. “I think we’ll have further updates on that (whether or not the CFPB will stay in place),” he said. “That’s an area that we need to work with Congress on.” Bank oversight The new administration’s drive to eliminate “red tape” affecting consumers, small businesses and corporations puts a couple of rules that beef up bank oversight at risk: Mortgage lending:  Loose lending practices contributed heavily to the subprime mortgage crisis and widespread foreclosures that sparked the financial crisis 10 years ago. If new rules introduced to help troubled borrowers are now treated the same way as the rules on prepaid cards (discussed above), and therefore end up not being implemented, homeowners may face fewer options to avoid foreclosure. One example of such a rule was introduced by the CFPB last year. It aims to help borrowers who apply for “loss mitigation” — a process whereby the holder of the loan (such as a bank or mortgage company) is supposed to work with a struggling borrower to try and find alternatives to foreclosure. The updated rules are designed to ensure that borrowers get that help — and if the rules aren’t implemented as planned, borrowers may not get it. Potential elimination of the Volcker Rule: This provision of Dodd-Frank prevents banks from making what could be perceived as risky investments with bank money. Critics of the rule have suggested it stifles “entrepreneurship” by banks, while supporters maintain that it ensures banks don’t make unwise investments and then ask the taxpayers to bail them out. More to come You can be sure that there are many more changes ahead, particularly as Trump receives and acts on the report he has requested in his recent executive order. The order lays out the following “core principles” for financial services reform: (a) empower Americans to make independent financial decisions and informed choices in the marketplace, save for retirement, and build individual wealth; (b) prevent taxpayer-funded bailouts; (c) foster economic growth and vibrant financial markets through more rigorous regulatory impact analysis that addresses systemic risk and market failures, such as moral hazard and information asymmetry; (d) enable American companies to be competitive with foreign firms in domestic and foreign markets; (e) advance American interests in international financial regulatory negotiations and meetings; (g) restore public accountability within federal financial regulatory agencies and rationalize the federal financial regulatory framework. Your thoughts? How do you think the new president’s plans to roll back financial regulations will affect the economy and your financial circumstances? Share your thoughts in comments below or on our Facebook page. It's not the usual blah, blah, blah I know... every site you visit wants you to subscribe to their newsletter. But our news and advice is actually worth reading! For 25 years, I've been making people richer without making their eyes glaze over. Take 5 seconds and join our family by clicking here. You'll be glad you did. I guarantee it! Want to learn to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Want tons of ways to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Looking to get out of the rat race? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Daily tips to make and save money Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up 💰🗣📰 Read Next: 11 Ways to Find a Bank With More Bang for Your Buck Promoted Content More Money Talks News 11 Ways to Find a Bank With More Bang for Your Buck Ask Stacy: Should I Pay for Identity Theft Protection and Credit Monitoring? Is Your TV Tracking You? Here’s How to Tell — and Prevent It How the Trump Tax Plan Will Affect You Ever Owned a DVD Drive? You Might Be Owed $10 7 Ways to Build Willpower That Creates Success 9 Ways Your Phone Can Slash Grocery Costs How to Get Started Investing When You Don’t Have Much Money Comments Check Out Our Hottest Deals! We're always adding new deals and coupons that'll save you big bucks. See the deals to the right and hundreds more in our Deals section. Click here to explore 1,798 more deals! The North Face Men's Bombay Insulated Jacket for $52 + free shipping 24 Long-Stem Roses for $25 + at Whole Foods stores © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. As Seen on TV! We air as part of the local newscast on more than 80 NBC, CBS, ABC, and Fox television affiliates around the country. Find your local affiliate on our map or contact your favorite station and tell them you want Money Talks News. × It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Articles to help you save money and build wealth, delivered daily. Sign up now and receive a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up No thanks, I'm not all that into money.
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 267/6 (88) - IND 687/6 (166) Live SL 296/8 (50) - SA 384/6 (50) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Rahul Gandhi Sasikala Assembly Elections 2017 UP Elections 2017 Raees Home World Trump banking review raises fears for global standards talks Shares1 Tue, 7 Feb 2017-07:15pm , Reuters President Donald Trump's review of post-crisis banking rules could sound the death knell for new global standards now being finalised and rip apart a common approach to regulating international lenders, bankers and regulators said. Central banks and watchdogs around the world have spent the past eight years drawing up regulation aimed at preventing a repeat of the 2007-2009 financial crisis, but there are fears that project could unravel after Trump said he wants the U.S. to row back on capital rules. Trump's order for a regulatory review to overcome what he sees as obstacles to lending came as banking watchdogs were trying to complete the final piece of global capital requirements, known as Basel III. Given that the United States wants to shrink the banking rule book, there are doubts over whether the Basel rules can make it over the finishing line next month if they don't have backing from the United States. Without support from the world's biggest capital market, other countries would be less willing to commit too. The core aim of the outstanding part of Basel III that regulators are working on - dubbed Basel IV by critical banks who worry about more stringent capital requirements - is to impose more consistency into how banks calculate the amount of capital they hold against risky assets like loans. JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon said in the aftermath of the financial crisis that European rivals had been "a lot more aggressive" than American banks in calculating capital, meaning they were holding less. European policymakers have rejected that criticism, but their region's banks have been lobbying against the remaining Basel rules, saying they would force them to increase significantly the amount of capital they need to hold. If the United States fails to approve the completion of Basel III, the perceived problem that European banks get away with holding less capital than U.S. lenders may not be properly tackled, a source involved in the negotiations said. "It's in the interests of American banks to get this done," the source said. Others are less optimistic that a deal can now be done after Trump's intervention. "It's going to delay completing Basel III, and perhaps lead to it not being concluded," an adviser to banks said on condition of anonymity. "I do fear that Basel IV is doomed," a banking industry official added. There are headwinds from elsewhere, too. Patrick McHenry, Republican vice chairman of the House financial services committee, fired a warning shot at Federal Reserve Governor Janet Yellen about the Basel talks in a letter dated Jan. 31, ahead of Trump's executive order. The Fed must "cease" all attempts to negotiate binding standards "burdening American business" until the Trump Administration has had the opportunity to nominate officials that prioritize "America's best interests", McHenry said. While lawmakers often call on regulators to ease pressure on firms, regulators said Trump's intervention in banking rules gives more clout to McHenry's warning. The Basel Committee declined to comment. GLOBAL COOPERATION Trump's decision to review existing, post-crisis banking rules has rung alarm bells among regulators outside the country. Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, which regulates the euro zone's main lenders, said on Monday that easing banking rules could threaten financial stability. Draghi was chairman of the Group of 20 Economies' (G20) regulatory task force, the Financial Stability Board, which during the financial crisis was instrumental in building up a global approach to reinforcing banking standards. A former regulator said the United States would be scoring an own goal by withdrawing from multilateral bodies like Basel as it would no longer be shaping rules that impinge on U.S. banking competitiveness globally. "It's early days, but what we have seen in language and rhetoric from Washington is worrying," said David Wright, a former top EU official who was part of crisis-era efforts to create the global regulatory consensus. "If you break international consensus, you are effectively opening up a regulatory race and heaven knows where it will end," said Wright, now at Flint Global, which advises companies on regulatory matters. Wright was referring to what was seen in the run-up to the financial crisis, when countries like Britain resorted to a "light touch" approach to banks to make London a more attractive financial centre. Valdis Dombrovskis, the EU's financial services chief, said last week that international regulatory cooperation had been vital in tackling the financial crisis and must continue. Much will hinge on how much regulatory change Trump can actually push through. Former Democratic Congressman Barney Frank, who jointly sponsored the Dodd Frank Act that Trump wants to review, told the BBC last week he does not expect Congress to approve the wholesale rolling back of rules, but the Trump administration could pressure U.S. regulators to ease up on applying existing requirements. Anil Kashyap, a Bank of England policymaker, said last month that Trump's nomination for the powerful role of Fed Vice Chair in charge of banking supervision would shape the U.S. approach to international rule-making. It will have a "huge impact", a regulatory source added. The fear among global regulators is that multilateral bodies like the Basel Committee and the Financial Stability Board could be abandoned by the United States under Trump. Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, chairman of Spain's Bankia, told Spanish television on Tuesday he would be concerned if Trump was questioning the usefulness of international banking rules. "It would worry me very much because I think it's very important, very relevant that there have been advances in the homogenization of regulation amongst developed countries," he said. (Additional reporting by Paul Day in Madrid, editing by Giles Elgood) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Rift with Mamata govt: Bengal Advocate-General Jayanta Mitra resigns   Comments   Also Read World New York City: Two men plead guilty to plotting terror attack for ISIS World US expresses objection to Palestinian as UN envoy to Libya World Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defence tension World Melania Trump & Akie Abe | Both unconventional First Ladies yet poles apart World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills 6 < Previous ArticleNext Article > Rift with Mamata govt: Bengal Advocate-General Jayanta Mitra resigns Live Cricket Score Live BAN 267/6 (88) BAN trail by 420 runs IND 687/6 (166) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live SL 296/8 (50) SA beat SL by 88 runs SA 384/6 (50) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Trump weighs revised travel ban, Supreme Court test still possible China jubilant over Donald Trump's U-turn on Taiwan In setback for Trump, federal appeals court rejects travel ban; President calls it 'political decision' Video WATCH: Priyanka Chopra says "Bollywood has been reduced to a Zumba class" Watch: This video urges you to stop asking women to cover up Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger View all Tags United States Donald Trump David Wright European Central Bank Barney Frank Congress Financial Stability Board BBC England House Jamie Dimon London Madrid Spain Valdis Dombrovskis Washington Basel Committee Basel III EU U. S. Trump administration Federal Reserve Central Bank Janet Yellen Mario Draghi Anil Kashyap Britain Giles Elgood Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri President Donald Trump republican Spain Bankia SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News India wants Pak to take action against terrorists: Bambawale 3 killed after inhaling 'toxic gases' on board barge BJP reaches out to small groups within North Indian community HC grants interim relief to Sharma in Kabbadi league case UP Elections 2017 | Akhilesh govt playing with aspirations of youth for political gains: PM Modi Sport #INDvBAN | Watch: Mushfiqur Rahim survives run out appeal, commentators stunned by third umpire's decision Paired together Lahiri, Shubhankar have outside chance Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe Golf-Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe "The timing could not have been better. A lot of quality Entertainment The Kapil Sharma Show: Rishi Kapoor REVEALS he'll enact episodes from his book 'Khullam Khulla' on stage 'Kaabil' director Sanjay Gupta begins work on his next! Varun mum on Govinda's remarks on father David Dhawan WATCH: Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt & Tom Holland on day 1 of 'Avengers: Infinity War' shoot Akshay Kumar's 'Crack' SHELVED or not? Director Neeraj Pandey BREAKS SILENCE on his delayed film Money Govt removes duty anomalies to boost medical devices mfg: Min Sebi says remedial actions underway in NSE co-location case Oils and Oilseeds: Edible, non-edibles weakens further Bullion: Both the precious metals, gold and silver Gold prices recover by Rs 225, silver tops Rs 43,000 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages NEA Management Company LLC Holds Position in Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (ADAP) February 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet NEA Management Company LLC held its stake in shares of Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (NASDAQ:ADAP) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 9,880,999 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC makes up 3.1% of NEA Management Company LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 6th largest position. NEA Management Company LLC owned about 0.14% of Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC worth $69,661,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new stake in shares of Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC during the third quarter worth $149,000. New Leaf Venture Partners L.L.C. acquired a new stake in shares of Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC during the second quarter worth $1,035,000. Finally, Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. increased its stake in shares of Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC by 34.8% in the second quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 1,550,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,633,000 after buying an additional 400,000 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 43.86% of the company’s stock. Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (NASDAQ:ADAP) opened at 4.53 on Tuesday. Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC has a 12 month low of $3.76 and a 12 month high of $11.59. The stock’s market cap is $320.66 million. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $4.24 and its 200 day moving average price is $5.67. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “NEA Management Company LLC Holds Position in Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (ADAP)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/07/nea-management-company-llc-holds-position-in-adaptimmune-therapeutics-plc-adap.html. A number of brokerages have commented on ADAP. Zacks Investment Research raised Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $4.50 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Leerink Swann reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $15.00 price objective on shares of Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC in a research note on Friday, November 11th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation cut Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Monday, October 24th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $12.63. Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC Company Profile Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on cancer immunotherapy products based on its T-cell receptor (TCR) platform. The Company has developed a platform that enables it to identify cancer targets in the form of peptides, which are short sequences of amino acids, find and genetically engineer TCRs, and produce TCR therapeutic candidates for administration to patients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ADAP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (NASDAQ:ADAP). Receive News & Ratings for Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump banking review raises fears for global standards talks By Reuters Published: 08:41 EST, 7 February 2017 | Updated: 08:41 EST, 7 February 2017 e-mail By Huw Jones LONDON, Feb 7 (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's review of post-crisis banking rules could sound the death knell for new global standards now being finalised and rip apart a common approach to regulating international lenders, bankers and regulators said. Central banks and watchdogs around the world have spent the past eight years drawing up regulation aimed at preventing a repeat of the 2007-2009 financial crisis, but there are fears that project could unravel after Trump said he wants the U.S. to row back on capital rules. Trump's order for a regulatory review to overcome what he sees as obstacles to lending came as banking watchdogs were trying to complete the final piece of global capital requirements, known as Basel III. Given that the United States wants to shrink the banking rule book, there are doubts over whether the Basel rules can make it over the finishing line next month if they don't have backing from the United States. Without support from the world's biggest capital market, other countries would be less willing to commit too. The core aim of the outstanding part of Basel III that regulators are working on - dubbed Basel IV by critical banks who worry about more stringent capital requirements - is to impose more consistency into how banks calculate the amount of capital they hold against risky assets like loans. JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon said in the aftermath of the financial crisis that European rivals had been "a lot more aggressive" than American banks in calculating capital, meaning they were holding less. European policymakers have rejected that criticism, but their region's banks have been lobbying against the remaining Basel rules, saying they would force them to increase significantly the amount of capital they need to hold. If the United States fails to approve the completion of Basel III, the perceived problem that European banks get away with holding less capital than U.S. lenders may not be properly tackled, a source involved in the negotiations said. "It's in the interests of American banks to get this done," the source said. Others are less optimistic that a deal can now be done after Trump's intervention. "It's going to delay completing Basel III, and perhaps lead to it not being concluded," an adviser to banks said on condition of anonymity. "I do fear that Basel IV is doomed," a banking industry official added. There are headwinds from elsewhere, too. Patrick McHenry, Republican vice chairman of the House financial services committee, fired a warning shot at Federal Reserve Governor Janet Yellen about the Basel talks in a letter dated Jan. 31, ahead of Trump's executive order. The Fed must "cease" all attempts to negotiate binding standards "burdening American business" until the Trump Administration has had the opportunity to nominate officials that prioritize "America's best interests", McHenry said. While lawmakers often call on regulators to ease pressure on firms, regulators said Trump's intervention in banking rules gives more clout to McHenry's warning. The Basel Committee declined to comment. GLOBAL COOPERATION Trump's decision to review existing, post-crisis banking rules has rung alarm bells among regulators outside the country. Mario Draghi, president of the European Central Bank, which regulates the euro zone's main lenders, said on Monday that easing banking rules could threaten financial stability. Draghi was chairman of the Group of 20 Economies' (G20) regulatory task force, the Financial Stability Board, which during the financial crisis was instrumental in building up a global approach to reinforcing banking standards. A former regulator said the United States would be scoring an own goal by withdrawing from multilateral bodies like Basel as it would no longer be shaping rules that impinge on U.S. banking competitiveness globally. "It's early days, but what we have seen in language and rhetoric from Washington is worrying," said David Wright, a former top EU official who was part of crisis-era efforts to create the global regulatory consensus. "If you break international consensus, you are effectively opening up a regulatory race and heaven knows where it will end," said Wright, now at Flint Global, which advises companies on regulatory matters. Wright was referring to what was seen in the run-up to the financial crisis, when countries like Britain resorted to a "light touch" approach to banks to make London a more attractive financial centre. Valdis Dombrovskis, the EU's financial services chief, said last week that international regulatory cooperation had been vital in tackling the financial crisis and must continue. Much will hinge on how much regulatory change Trump can actually push through. Former Democratic Congressman Barney Frank, who jointly sponsored the Dodd Frank Act that Trump wants to review, told the BBC last week he does not expect Congress to approve the wholesale rolling back of rules, but the Trump administration could pressure U.S. regulators to ease up on applying existing requirements. Anil Kashyap, a Bank of England policymaker, said last month that Trump's nomination for the powerful role of Fed Vice Chair in charge of banking supervision would shape the U.S. approach to international rule-making. It will have a "huge impact", a regulatory source added. The fear among global regulators is that multilateral bodies like the Basel Committee and the Financial Stability Board could be abandoned by the United States under Trump. Jose Ignacio Goirigolzarri, chairman of Spain's Bankia, told Spanish television on Tuesday he would be concerned if Trump was questioning the usefulness of international banking rules. "It would worry me very much because I think it's very important, very relevant that there have been advances in the homogenization of regulation amongst developed countries," he said. (Additional reporting by Paul Day in Madrid, editing by Giles Elgood) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management Featured Stories 40-Person Family Fraud Ring Tornadoes Rip Louisiana News Markets Jobs Front Page National International Most Popular Magazine Forums Blogs Videos/Podcasts Newsletters News Most Popular National International East Midwest South Central Southeast West Topics P&C Companies Agents & Brokers Government Markets/Coverages Operations Claims More Topics Magazines East Midwest South Central Southeast West Subscribe Research Directories Jobs Sales Marketing Management Finance Claims Underwriting Other Features Events Forums Buyers Guide Insurance Twitter Market Directories Ad Showcase Quotes Polls Subscribe Brazil Healthcare Insurer Intermédica Prepares for IPO: Sources By Tatiana Bautzer | February 7, 2017 Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Article Comments Brazilian healthcare services provider NotreDame Intermédica Sistema de Saude SA has hired banks to manage its initial public offering, which could be launched with a series of investor meetings as early as this week, two people with direct knowledge of the plans said on Monday. Morgan Stanley & Co. has been hired as the leading underwriter for the IPO, alongside the investment banking units of Banco Bradesco SA, Credit Suisse AG, Itaú Unibanco Holding SA, JPMorgan Chase & Co and UBS AG, according to the sources who spoke on condition of anonymity. Reuters reported in October that Bain Capital LP, Intermédica’s controlling shareholder, was considering listing the company to take advantage of growing investor demand for shares of healthcare and personal services companies in Brazil. The banks and Intermédica declined to comment. NotreDame Intermédica, a low-cost health insurer, has managed to ride out a deep recession in Brazil by picking up customers at the expense of its higher-priced peers. Intermédica’s IPO would add to a flurry of bond and equity offerings so far this year, the busiest such period in at least six years, as investors show confidence that South America’s largest economy will emerge from the recession and implement much-needed fiscal, pension and labor reforms this year. (Reporting by Tatiana Bautzer; editing by Daniel Flynn, Paul Simao and Bernard Orr) Copyright 2017 Reuters. Click for restrictions. Get Insurance Journal Every Day Subscribe Email This Print Newsletters Tweet Categories: International News Topics: Brazil, Brazil healthcare, Brazil IPO, Brazilian market, Business Moves & Mergers, Intermédica, NotreDame Intermédica Have a hot lead? Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com Advertisers See Comments (0)Add a Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Comment Notify me of comments via e-mail More News Undoing U.S. Financial Regulations Could Bar U.S. Firms from EU U.S. Court Deals Opponents of Obama Fiduciary Rule a Setback Supreme Court Nominee Gorsuch Could Decide Class Action Waiver Cases Federal Judge Halts Anthem-Cigna Merger as Harmful to Competition Tornadoes Across Southeast Louisiana Cause Widespread Damage Top 10 Employment Discrimination Claims in 2016 Melania Trump’s $150 Million Libel Suit Claims Lost Business Opportunities Why the Insurance Industry Supports and Hires VeteransMore News Features 2016: Year in Review Most Popular Now This Week Commented Zenefits' New CEO Announces 430 Layoffs in First Week on Job Update: Blackstone to Buy Aon's Benefits Outsourcing Unit Driver in Double Fatal Tesla Crash in Indiana Was Drunk, Police Say Tow Truck Market Gets Hit Hard as Carriers Exit Market Undoing U.S. Financial Regulations Could Bar U.S. Firms from EU Tow Truck Market Gets Hit Hard as Carriers Exit Market Demotech Suspends Florida Insurer Rating Criteria; Says Downgrades Coming Amica Mutual Downgraded by A.M. Best Citing Increasing Catastrophe Losses, Auto Claims Top 10 Employment Discrimination Claims in 2016 Trump Halts Fiduciary Rule Opposed by Financial Advisors; Orders Dodd-Frank Review Trump: Replacing Obamacare May Not Happen Until 2018 | Comments (135) House Speaker Ryan Says Obamacare Replacement Bill to Pass This Year | Comments (24) Trump Halts Fiduciary Rule Opposed by Financial Advisors; Orders Dodd-Frank Review | Comments (23) Melania Trump's $150 Million Libel Suit Claims Lost Business Opportunities | Comments (22) Why the Insurance Industry Supports and Hires Veterans | Comments (13) More Top Stories Industry Impact Insurance Careers Month Seeks to ‘Spread the Word’ Insurance Industry Rethinking Recruitment Strategies Why Young Insurance Agents Are So Optimistic Insurance Industry Not Alone in Missing the Mark with Millennials How to Interest Millennials in Insurance Careers Research and White Papers Free Newsletters Sign up to receive insurance news alerts! Daily Headlines Most Popular This Week MyNewMarkets.com Daily Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly) Carrier Management (new) Have a news tip? Tell us. Current Issue Read Online Download PDF Subscribe Available on the iPad Featured Videos Top 10 Employment Discrimination Claims in 2016Watch Now Weekly Top Picks: February 6, 2017Watch Now Editors and Contributors Elizabeth Blosfield Get Ready for Another Year of 'Cautious Optimism' Predict P/C Executives Chris Burand The Importance of Proper Accounting in Insurance Agencies Andrea Wells Tow Truck Market in Need of Repair Amy O' Connor North Carolina Rate Bureau Withdraws 19.6% Rate Filing, Plans to Refile Soon Quote of Note We think this is really an important coverage for the state of California. More Quotes Partner Center Reader Poll Which of these Trump Administration priorities should most benefit the P/C insurance industry? Insurance Jobs Underwriter, Management Liability - Chicago, IL 60606 Inside & Outside Producers - Beaumont & Port Arthur Production Assistant - Canonsburg, PA Producer/Broker - Canonsburg, PA Commercial Account Manager - Memphis, TN Direct Premium Written Up 3.9% Among Top 25 P/C Insurers Business Interruption, Market Developments, Cyber, Top Global Corporate Risks Trump's Impact on the EPLI Market Cyber Market Faces Insurability Challenges NASCAR Creates Traveling Safety Team for 2017 Judge Reminds NFL Retirees of Concussion Settlement Most Experts Recommend Kids Under 16 Shouldn’t Use ATVs Summer Weather Prediction up in the Air as La Nina Ends Feb 6: California's New Work Comp Laws FEB 16: Finding Your Prospect's Pain FEB 9: Home-Based Businesses in the Era of AirBNB and VRBO Insurance News News by Region News by Topic Yesterday Site Search Features Insurance Markets Directory Forums A.M. Best Company Ratings Industry Events Agencies Wanted / For Sale Buyers Guide Newswire Ad Showcase Insurance Jobs Connect with us Email Newsletters Magazine Subscriptions For Your Website RSS Feeds Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Insurance Journal Submit News Advertise Subscribe Reprints Link to Us Contact Us Wells Media Group Network Insurance Journal Online MyNewMarkets.com Claims Journal Insurance Journal TV Academy of Insurance Carrier Management © 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search How Much Will Banks Actually Benefit From Trump’s Nixing Of Dodd-Frank? February 7, 2017 6:40am NYSE:XLF ShareTweet From Brad Hoppmann: During the presidential campaign, candidate Donald Trump often criticized Wall Street and the banking system for its role in America’s financial difficulties. On Friday, President Trump did an about-face of sorts. He embraced some of Wall Street’s brightest luminaries and did something that the financial industry has wanted for nearly seven years. The president signed executive orders that begin the process of rolling back financial industry regulations. With industry leaders such as Larry Fink, CEO of BlackRock (BLK), and Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan (JPM), gathered around him, Trump proudly put his signature on executive orders designed to dismantle Dodd-Frank. The 2010 law was put in place as a response to the 2008 financial crisis. But critics say it stifles bank activity, and tightens bank lending. Now, the Trump administration has essentially laid out at least the beginnings of a framework that’s aimed at undoing those regulations. The executive orders instruct heads of regulatory agencies to report back to him within 120 days with suggestions on ways to change existing financial regulations. As you might expect, banking and financial stocks vaulted higher on the news. Now the question is who will likely benefit most, and what does that mean for investors? That’s the conclusion from sector analysts at Morningstar. In an article on the company’s website, Morningstar analysts offered up the following assessment of the Trump action:Despite the rise in large-cap financial stocks Friday (and since Election Day), at least one group of analysts says that any banking deregulation is “no panacea for big banks.” We see Trump’s plans as an opening salvo in an effort to ease the regulatory burden on the nation’s banks. However, efforts to repeal or replace the law in its entirety will be far more difficult, and we don’t expect significant boosts to banks’ profitability in the near future as a result of the rule review alone. I agree with the assessment that the “near future” isn’t likely to see a jump in bank bottom lines. After all, Washington’s wheels grind slowly, and any rewrite of the Dodd-Frank law will take time. It also will cost the president some significant amount of political capital. Yet that doesn’t mean financial stocks won’t continue to trade higher based on the expectation of a lightened regulatory burden. After all, think about the run higher in not only financials, but in the major market indices nearly across the board since Election Day. The Financial SPDR (XLF) is up 13.5% since the U.S. election. Sure, the economic data has improved over the past couple of months (albeit slightly). But that’s not the reason for the buying. The reason for the buying is all about the great expectations of growth that might be engineered by the Trump policies. A rollback of Dodd-Frank and other financial industry regulations is a step in the right direction in terms of making that growth a reality. But there’s still a long way to go before we can actually start seeing corporate bottom lines benefit. The same is true for the all-important corporate tax reform proposals. Wall Street would love to see corporate taxes go to 20% from 35%. In fact, the Trump administration’s goal on this front is far more important than rewriting Dodd-Frank. Yet so far, we’ve seen mixed signals on corporate tax reform, at least in terms of urgency. Rumblings out of Washington point to as far away as 2018 for any real progress on corporate tax reform. And that’s not good news for bulls who hope the 2017 rally will continue. So, is Dodd-Frank reform a good thing, and will it juice up the economy? Generally, I say yes, but it depends on how the law is amended. It depends whether a rewrite helps banks lend more freely. If lending does get easier, and banks are able to open up their vaults to borrowers, then that will be good for American business. The same goes for the economy at large, for banking and financial stocks — and, of course, for investors with exposure to these sectors. The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE:XLF) rose $0.05 (+0.21%) in premarket trading Tuesday. Year-to-date, XLF has gained 1.55%, versus a 2.42% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. XLF currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 38 ETFs in the Financial Equities ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of Uncommon Wisdom Daily. Tags: Dodd-Frank Donald Trump financial NYSE:XLF Categories: NYSE:XLF Read Next Trump’s Rollback Of Dodd-Frank Sets The Stage For New Financial Crisis Financial ETFs Surge As Trump Signs Executive Order To Cancel Dodd-Frank These Are The Best Banking Stocks To Buy For Trump’s Presidency Will Trump Tear Up Dodd-Frank? The Market Is Betting on It BlackRock: Financials A Big Winner from Trump Victory Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular What To Make Of Another Record Close For The Dow Jones Industrial Average Like The Dow, The Boom-Bust Barometer Is Making New All-Time Highs Is It Time To Sell The Trump Rally? Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Latest News Nation Elections 2017 World Business Budget 2017 Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation Elections 2017 World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Budget 2017 Latest News Hold your tongue, I have your entire janam patri: PM Modi to Congress UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key Bengal budget has Rs 250 crore to aid those hit by demonetisation Sasikala vs OPS: Raj Bhavan keeps both waiting Abu Dhabi module recruited nine Indians for Islamic State, sent some to Syria: NIA probe Home Business World Market Indonesian court postpones hearing in billion-dollar dispute of Goldman, tycoon Indonesian court postpones hearing in billion-dollar dispute of Goldman, tycoon Goldman had taken the unusual step of counter-suing the retail-to-property businessman - Benny Tjokrosaputro - in a Jakarta court claiming reputational damage By: Reuters | Jakarta | Published:February 7, 2017 5:49 pm FILE – In this Aug. 15, 2014, file photo, a lighted sign marks the Goldman Sachs trading post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) An Indonesian court postponed on Tuesday the hearing of a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs and a local tycoon by two weeks, granting him time to gather more evidence to prove a claim the US bank’s unit unlawfully sold shares he owned. Goldman had taken the unusual step of counter-suing the retail-to-property businessman – Benny Tjokrosaputro – in a Jakarta court claiming reputational damage. The court hearing on Tuesday was set to have given Tjokrosaputro a chance to rebuff Goldman’s assertion, but it is now delayed until Feb. 21. Watch what else is in the news The dispute comes at a time when Indonesia, Southeast Asia’s largest economy, is embarking on its biggest drive for foreign investment in a decade. Its government recently raised investor concerns by cutting business ties with JPMorgan over a negative research report and partially reversing a mining policy. At stake in the Goldman case is the protection of the rights of foreigners, amid a general lack of transparency in Indonesian court proceedings, legal experts say. “This lack of transparency can result in very surprising decisions, especially when you have a foreign party seeking recovery from a well-resourced and well-connected local party,” Bill Sullivan, senior foreign counsel at Indonesian law firm Christian Teo & Partners, told Reuters in an email. Goldman’s dispute with Tjokrosaputro, president director of property developer PT Hanson International Tbk, stems from an arcane area of the financial market in which individuals or firms sell shares in return for short-term funding, according to court documents and people familiar with the matter. Such a repurchase agreement, or a repo, effectively acts as a loan but the deal involves temporarily transferring legal ownership of the shares. Tjokrosaputro had pledged 425 million Hanson shares to US hedge fund Platinum Partners in return for funding on the basis that he could get the shares back upon repayment, according to Tjokrosaputro’s lawyers and court documents. Goldman Sachs International, a London-based unit of Goldman, bought the Hanson shares from Platinum as a hedge for the derivatives it had entered into with the fund, a bank spokesman said. In late 2014, New York-based Platinum fell into financial difficulties and had trouble paying back a large number of investors, according to US authorities who recently charged top executives of the fund with running a $1 billion fraud. Goldman started selling the Hanson shares last year, but was forced to stop after Tjokrosaputro filed a police complaint. He went on to sue Goldman in September for 15 trillion rupiah ($1.1 billion), alleging the transaction was conducted “unlawfully”. In response, Goldman counter-sued the tycoon last month for at least $1.1 billion. Goldman “lawfully” acquired the shares from Platinum through the negotiated board of the Indonesian Stock Exchange and the transactions were validly settled, it says in its court documents. A key area of the dispute relates to who actually owned the shares during the repo transaction. Goldman says in its court filings that it “understands” Platinum originally acquired the Hanson shares from an entity named Newrick Holdings Ltd, rather than from Tjokrosaputro. According to the “Panama Papers” online database as of 2015, which compiled millions of leaked documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca, Newrick is a company registered in the British Virgin Islands in which Tjokrosaputro was a shareholder. A bank spokesman told Reuters that Goldman Sachs International was not aware of any dealings between Tjokrosaputro or his affiliated entities and Platinum Partners, nor any restrictions on the shares it purchased. The tycoon’s lawyer reiterated on Tuesday that Tjokrosaputro was the legal owner of the shares in the repo transaction with Platinum and, since he did not breach any contract with Platinum, only he had the right to sell them. Tjokrosaputro’s lawyer did not immediately provide comment on Goldman’s claim that Platinum had acquired the shares from Newrick. Platinum has earlier declined to comment on the dispute. ($1 = 13,327.00 rupiah) Election 2017 Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Phase 1 Live Updates: Polling begins in 73 constituencies of western region UP Assembly Elections 2017: Battle for heartland begins in west that may hold the key UP Assembly Elections 2017: Day before first phase, Muslim clerics back Mayawati Best of Express Setback for Sasikala as TN education minister Pandiarajan joins Panneerselvam camp EntertainmentJolly LLB 2 movie review : Akshay Kumar, Saurabh Shukla make this an unalloyed delight EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan, Aamir Khan's first selfie in 25 years is one of a kind. See pic EntertainmentAvengers Infinity War: This behind-the-scenes teaser is everything Marvel fans need to begin the weekend. Watch video EntertainmentBadrinath Ki Dulhania song Tamma Tamma Again: Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt teleport you to the 90s. Watch video Must Read SportsIndia vs Bangladesh Live Score SportsTendulkar applauds Kohli in record-breaking form SportsSouth Africa reclaim top spot in ODI after SL whitewash TechnologyApple iPhone 5s offers on Valentine's Day: Is this deal worth it? TechnologyLatest Samsung leak suggests the logo for the Galaxy S8+ TechnologyWhatsApp now supports two-step verification: Here's how to enable LifestyleDrink (water) through the day, it helps Feb 11: Latest News Anusuya supports Winner song Suya Suya, gives fitting reply to trolls Uttarakhand election 2017 Live updates: What happens in Rudrapur, spreads across the country in minutes, says PM Modi Tamil Nadu crisis LIVE: Sasikala leaves Poes Garden, to meet her MLAs at resort Star-packed North favourites to lift T20 inter-zonals Rajinikanth, Aamir Khan, Mohanlal not part of SS Rajamouli’s Mahabharata                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,316.10 8.23 (0.36%) Dow 30 20,269.37 96.97 (0.48%) Nasdaq 5,734.13 18.95 (0.33%) Indonesian court postpones hearing in billion-dollar dispute of Goldman, tycoon By Eveline Danubrata ReutersFebruary 7, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A sign is displayed in the reception of Goldman Sachs in Sydney, Australia, May 18, 2016. REUTERS/David Gray/File PhotoMore By Eveline Danubrata JAKARTA (Reuters) - An Indonesian court postponed on Tuesday the hearing of a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs <GS.N> and a local tycoon by two weeks, granting him time to gather more evidence to prove a claim the U.S. bank's unit unlawfully sold shares he owned. Goldman had taken the unusual step of counter-suing the retail-to-property businessman - Benny Tjokrosaputro - in a Jakarta court claiming reputational damage. The court hearing on Tuesday was set to have given Tjokrosaputro a chance to rebuff Goldman's assertion, but it is now delayed until Feb. 21. The dispute comes at a time when Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, is embarking on its biggest drive for foreign investment in a decade. Its government recently raised investor concerns by cutting business ties with JPMorgan over a negative research report and partially reversing a mining policy. At stake in the Goldman case is the protection of the rights of foreigners, amid a general lack of transparency in Indonesian court proceedings, legal experts say. "This lack of transparency can result in very surprising decisions, especially when you have a foreign party seeking recovery from a well-resourced and well-connected local party," Bill Sullivan, senior foreign counsel at Indonesian law firm Christian Teo & Partners, told Reuters in an email. Goldman's dispute with Tjokrosaputro, president director of property developer PT Hanson International Tbk <MYRX.JK>, stems from an arcane area of the financial market in which individuals or firms sell shares in return for short-term funding, according to court documents and people familiar with the matter. Such a repurchase agreement, or a repo, effectively acts as a loan but the deal involves temporarily transferring legal ownership of the shares. Tjokrosaputro had pledged 425 million Hanson shares to U.S. hedge fund Platinum Partners in return for funding on the basis that he could get the shares back upon repayment, according to Tjokrosaputro's lawyers and court documents. Goldman Sachs International, a London-based unit of Goldman, bought the Hanson shares from Platinum as a hedge for the derivatives it had entered into with the fund, a bank spokesman said. In late 2014, New York-based Platinum fell into financial difficulties and had trouble paying back a large number of investors, according to U.S. authorities who recently charged top executives of the fund with running a $1 billion fraud. Goldman started selling the Hanson shares last year, but was forced to stop after Tjokrosaputro filed a police complaint. He went on to sue Goldman in September for 15 trillion rupiah ($1.1 billion), alleging the transaction was conducted "unlawfully". In response, Goldman counter-sued the tycoon last month for at least $1.1 billion. Goldman "lawfully" acquired the shares from Platinum through the negotiated board of the Indonesian Stock Exchange and the transactions were validly settled, it says in its court documents. A key area of the dispute relates to who actually owned the shares during the repo transaction. Goldman says in its court filings that it "understands" Platinum originally acquired the Hanson shares from an entity named Newrick Holdings Ltd, rather than from Tjokrosaputro. According to the "Panama Papers" online database as of 2015, which compiled millions of leaked documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca, Newrick is a company registered in the British Virgin Islands in which Tjokrosaputro was a shareholder. A bank spokesman told Reuters that Goldman Sachs International was not aware of any dealings between Tjokrosaputro or his affiliated entities and Platinum Partners, nor any restrictions on the shares it purchased. The tycoon's lawyer reiterated on Tuesday that Tjokrosaputro was the legal owner of the shares in the repo transaction with Platinum and, since he did not breach any contract with Platinum, only he had the right to sell them. Tjokrosaputro's lawyer did not immediately provide comment on Goldman's claim that Platinum had acquired the shares from Newrick. Platinum has earlier declined to comment on the dispute. ($1 = 13,327.00 rupiah) (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata in Jakarta and Lawrence Delevingne in New York; Additional reporting by Cindy Silviana in Jakarta; Editing by Michelle Price, Himani Sarkar and Muralikumar Anantharaman) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Official Says Trump’s Tax Plan, Led by Cohn, Will Be Released in Weeks Bloomberg Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored The biggest players today on Wall Street? Algorithms AFP Mexico's own populist politician softens tone in bid for presidency Reuters Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Reuters This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Bloomberg Americans Renouncing Citizenship at Record High Bloomberg Spicer gets into heated exchange with reporters after insisting Gorsuch's comments had nothing to do with Trump Business Insider Top 8 Credit Cards For Those With Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored US officials reportedly confirm elements of Russia dossier that targeted Trump Business Insider Four accused in Facebook Live beating plead not guilty in Chicago Reuters Cramer Remix: The off-the-radar defense play on fire that... CNBC Videos Coming Soon to Montgomery County Ryan HomesSponsored Shopping for the Ivanka Trump brand is a nightmare in NYC Yahoo Finance Exclusive - Trump border 'wall' to cost $21.6 billion, take 3.5 years to build: internal report Reuters Protests Erupt in Los Angeles Following Reports of Immigration Raids D J: if you are here illlegally, YOU ARE A CRIMINAL. PERIOD. You have broken the law. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.9k Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets China News - Citi, JPMorgan Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC2 days ago Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC2 days ago                                                                               Citigroup's China unit said on Tuesday that it had received the so-called "Type A" bond settlement agent license from China's central bank, allowing it to add to its offering of sales, trading and research in the fixed-income business. Reuters reports that Citigroup is the first U.S.-based bank to be granted the Type A license to act as a bond settlement agent in China's interbank bond market. Other global banks with such a license include Deutsche Bank and BNP Paribas. Type A license holders in China can trade, settle and provide custody for interbank bond market products both on a proprietary basis and on behalf of foreign investors. The news agency also reports that JPMorgan Chase said on Monday it had received approval and license to underwrite corporate bonds in China's interbank bond market, making it the first U.S.-headquartered bank to do so. The license enables JPMorgan to underwrite debt financing instruments issued by non-financial entities, including commercial papers, medium-term notes and other instruments approved by regulators, it said. Citigroup gets bond settlement agent license in China JPMorgan gets China corporate bond underwriting license And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Indonesian court postpones hearing in billion-dollar dispute of Goldman, tycoon By Reuters Published: 06:36 EST, 7 February 2017 | Updated: 06:37 EST, 7 February 2017 e-mail By Eveline Danubrata JAKARTA, Feb 7 (Reuters) - An Indonesian court postponed on Tuesday the hearing of a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs and a local tycoon by two weeks, granting him time to gather more evidence to prove a claim the U.S. bank's unit unlawfully sold shares he owned. Goldman had taken the unusual step of counter-suing the retail-to-property businessman - Benny Tjokrosaputro - in a Jakarta court claiming reputational damage. The court hearing on Tuesday was set to have given Tjokrosaputro a chance to rebuff Goldman's assertion, but it is now delayed until Feb. 21. The dispute comes at a time when Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, is embarking on its biggest drive for foreign investment in a decade. Its government recently raised investor concerns by cutting business ties with JPMorgan over a negative research report and partially reversing a mining policy. At stake in the Goldman case is the protection of the rights of foreigners, amid a general lack of transparency in Indonesian court proceedings, legal experts say. "This lack of transparency can result in very surprising decisions, especially when you have a foreign party seeking recovery from a well-resourced and well-connected local party," Bill Sullivan, senior foreign counsel at Indonesian law firm Christian Teo & Partners, told Reuters in an email. Goldman's dispute with Tjokrosaputro, president director of property developer PT Hanson International Tbk, stems from an arcane area of the financial market in which individuals or firms sell shares in return for short-term funding, according to court documents and people familiar with the matter. Such a repurchase agreement, or a repo, effectively acts as a loan but the deal involves temporarily transferring legal ownership of the shares. Tjokrosaputro had pledged 425 million Hanson shares to U.S. hedge fund Platinum Partners in return for funding on the basis that he could get the shares back upon repayment, according to Tjokrosaputro's lawyers and court documents. Goldman Sachs International, a London-based unit of Goldman, bought the Hanson shares from Platinum as a hedge for the derivatives it had entered into with the fund, a bank spokesman said. In late 2014, New York-based Platinum fell into financial difficulties and had trouble paying back a large number of investors, according to U.S. authorities who recently charged top executives of the fund with running a $1 billion fraud. Goldman started selling the Hanson shares last year, but was forced to stop after Tjokrosaputro filed a police complaint. He went on to sue Goldman in September for 15 trillion rupiah ($1.1 billion), alleging the transaction was conducted "unlawfully". In response, Goldman counter-sued the tycoon last month for at least $1.1 billion. Goldman "lawfully" acquired the shares from Platinum through the negotiated board of the Indonesian Stock Exchange and the transactions were validly settled, it says in its court documents. A key area of the dispute relates to who actually owned the shares during the repo transaction. Goldman says in its court filings that it "understands" Platinum originally acquired the Hanson shares from an entity named Newrick Holdings Ltd, rather than from Tjokrosaputro. According to the "Panama Papers" online database as of 2015, which compiled millions of leaked documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca, Newrick is a company registered in the British Virgin Islands in which Tjokrosaputro was a shareholder. A bank spokesman told Reuters that Goldman Sachs International was not aware of any dealings between Tjokrosaputro or his affiliated entities and Platinum Partners, nor any restrictions on the shares it purchased. The tycoon's lawyer reiterated on Tuesday that Tjokrosaputro was the legal owner of the shares in the repo transaction with Platinum and, since he did not breach any contract with Platinum, only he had the right to sell them. Tjokrosaputro's lawyer did not immediately provide comment on Goldman's claim that Platinum had acquired the shares from Newrick. Platinum has earlier declined to comment on the dispute. ($1 = 13,327.00 rupiah) (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata in Jakarta and Lawrence Delevingne in New York; Additional reporting by Cindy Silviana in Jakarta; Editing by Michelle Price, Himani Sarkar and Muralikumar Anantharaman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One NFL Contact Us Privacy Policy Free Trial Consulting IR EB5 Mergers & Acquisitions CrowdFunding Contributors Marketing Metals Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations By Paul Ebeling on February 7, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations $COG. $DAL, $FDX, $NVDA, $X Daily HeffX-LTN reviews Wall Street analysts research reports to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some reports cover stocks to buy, and others cover stocks to sell or avoid. Below is a list of Wall Streets top analysts upgrades, downgrades and initiations for Tuesday, as follows; Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. (NYSE:COG) Susquehanna Financial raised its rating to Positive from Neutral and JPMorgan raised its rating to Overweight from Neutral with a 27 price target. Cabot Oil & Gas has a 52-wk trading range of 18.48 – 26.74 and a consensus price target of 27.78. Delta Air Lines Inc. (NYSE:DAL) was raised to Outperform from Market Perform at Bernstein. Delta’s 52-wk trading range is 32.60 – 52.76. FedEx Corp. (NYSE:FDX) analysts raised to Outperform from Market Perform with a 210 price target at Raymond James. FedEx trades in a 52-wk range of 122.78 – 201.57. It has a consensus analyst price target of 210.10. NVIDIA Corp. (NASDAQ:NVDA) analysts downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Roth Capital. NVIDIA’s 52-wk trading range is 24.75 – 119.93, and it has a 100.54 consensus target price. United States Steel Corp. (NYSE:X) analysts raised to Buy from Hold with a 39 price target Argus. US Steel has a consensus target price of 33.73 and a 52-wk trading range of 6.67 – 39.14 Stay tuned…   buy, COG. DAL, FDX, hold, ideas, market, NVDA, price, sell, target, trade, trading, Wall Street, X Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations added by Paul Ebeling on February 7, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) Zika Virus Update for Spring Travelers - February 11, 2017 President Trump Wants Snowden, Expect President Putin to Give Him Up - February 10, 2017 Buying Stocks: Growth Investing - February 10, 2017 Related posts: Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Consulting Contact Us Privacy Policy Contributors CrowdFunding EB5 Free Trial IR Live Trading Room Marketing Mergers & Acquisitions Metals Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Caterpillar Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caterpillar Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Rating Increased to Overweight at Barclays PLC Posted by William Strong on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) was upgraded by research analysts at Barclays PLC from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a $110.00 price target on the stock. Barclays PLC’s price target points to a potential upside of 18.45% from the stock’s previous close. Several other research firms have also recently commented on CAT. Credit Suisse Group set a $101.00 target price on Caterpillar and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, November 19th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $85.00 target price on shares of Caterpillar in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Vetr raised Caterpillar from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $90.02 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Longbow Research reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Caterpillar in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $85.00 target price (up previously from $82.00) on shares of Caterpillar in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $86.58. Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) traded up 0.40% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $93.24. The stock had a trading volume of 4,275,444 shares. Caterpillar has a 52 week low of $60.51 and a 52 week high of $99.46. The company’s market cap is $54.62 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of $94.34 and a 200 day moving average of $88.47. Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.83 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.17. The company earned $9.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.87 billion. Caterpillar had a positive return on equity of 13.44% and a negative net margin of 0.17%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 13.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.74 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Caterpillar will post $3.06 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, February 18th. Stockholders of record on Friday, January 20th will be given a $0.77 dividend. This represents a $3.08 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.32%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, January 18th. Caterpillar’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -2,369.23%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/caterpillar-inc-cat-rating-increased-to-overweight-at-barclays-plc.html. In other news, Director Daniel M. Dickinson sold 950 shares of Caterpillar stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $93.52, for a total value of $88,844.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 17,476 shares in the company, valued at $1,634,355.52. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 0.15% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Patten Group Inc. boosted its position in Caterpillar by 0.4% in the third quarter. Patten Group Inc. now owns 1,148 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Caterpillar by 5.3% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,282 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the period. Enterprise Financial Services Corp raised its stake in shares of Caterpillar by 7.0% in the third quarter. Enterprise Financial Services Corp now owns 1,204 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 79 shares during the period. Integrated Wealth Management raised its stake in shares of Caterpillar by 34.6% in the third quarter. Integrated Wealth Management now owns 1,246 shares of the company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 320 shares during the period. Finally, Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Caterpillar by 5.0% in the third quarter. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC now owns 1,369 shares of the company’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 70.88% of the company’s stock. Caterpillar Company Profile Caterpillar Inc is a manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. The Company operates through its three product segments: Resource Industries, Construction Industries, and Energy & Transportation. It also provides financing and related services through its Financial Products segment. Receive News & Ratings for Caterpillar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caterpillar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Price Target Increased to $95.00 by Analysts at Barclays PLC Next » Nokia Corporation (NOK) Upgraded to Overweight at Morgan Stanley Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing BCE Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for BCE Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BCE) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet BCE Inc. (TSE:BCE) (NYSE:BCE) – Research analysts at Cormark issued their Q1 2017 EPS estimates for shares of BCE in a research report issued on Friday. Cormark analyst D. Mcfadgen expects that the firm will earn $0.83 per share for the quarter. Cormark also issued estimates for BCE’s Q2 2017 earnings at $0.95 EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at $0.92 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.81 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $3.55 EPS. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/research-analysts-issue-forecasts-for-bce-inc-s-q1-2017-earnings-bce.html. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Bank of America Corporation dropped their price objective on shares of BCE from C$64.00 to C$60.00 in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Royal Bank Of Canada dropped their price objective on shares of BCE from C$60.00 to C$59.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a report on Friday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc dropped their price objective on shares of BCE from C$67.00 to C$65.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. J P Morgan Chase & Co dropped their price objective on shares of BCE from C$66.00 to C$64.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Friday. Finally, National Bank Financial dropped their price objective on shares of BCE from C$60.00 to C$59.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a report on Friday. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of C$62.08. BCE (TSE:BCE) opened at 57.41 on Monday. BCE has a 12-month low of $54.95 and a 12-month high of $63.40. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $58.20 and its 200-day moving average price is $60.04. The company has a market cap of $49.99 billion and a PE ratio of 17.24. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/07/research-analysts-issue-forecasts-for-bce-inc-s-q1-2017-earnings-bce.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, April 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be issued a $0.7175 dividend. This represents a $2.87 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 5.00%. This is a positive change from BCE’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.68. BCE Company Profile BCE Inc is a communications company. The Company provides a range of broadband communications and content services to consumer, residential, business and government customers in Canada. The Company offers various services under the Bell and Bell Aliant brands, such as fiber-based Internet protocol television (IPTV) and high-speed Internet services, home phone and business network and communications services. Receive News & Ratings for BCE Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Snap-On Incorporated Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.41 Per Share (SNA) Next » Evercore ISI Lowers Deckers Outdoor Corporation (DECK) to Hold Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Celebrating 50 years, the Wall Street Technology Association (WSTA) Announces Four New Board Members to its 2017 Board of Directors Celebrating 50 years, the Wall Street Technology Association (WSTA) Announces Four New Board Members to its 2017 Board of Directors Posted on February 7, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases The Wall Street Technology Association (WSTA®), an industry organization that provides technology professionals in the financial industry a forum to learn from and connect with each other, is pleased to welcome the following individuals to its 2017 Board of Directors: • Raja Chris, Director, Head of Infrastructure, Annaly Capital Management, Inc. • Salvatore Cucchiara, Managing Director and Head of Field & Client Technology, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management • Ken DeGiglio, Chief Information Officer, EquiLend • Christopher Reimers, Managing Director, Global Technology & Operations, Bank of America New York, NY (PRWEB) February 07, 2017 The Wall Street Technology Association (WSTA®), an industry organization that provides technology professionals in the financial industry a forum to learn from and connect with each other, is pleased to welcome the following individuals to its 2017 Board of Directors: Raja Chris, Director, Head of Infrastructure, Annaly Capital Management, Inc. Salvatore Cucchiara, Managing Director and Head of Field & Client Technology, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Ken DeGiglio, Chief Information Officer, EquiLend Christopher Reimers, Managing Director, Global Technology & Operations, Bank of America The WSTA would like to thank its Board of Directors for volunteering their time, experience and expertise which allows the organization to continue to serve as a valuable resource for the financial industry. Raja Chris, Director, Head of Infrastructure, Annaly Capital Management, Inc. Raja Chris is a seasoned IT Infrastructure leader with over 15 years of experience in the financial industry. He has guided global, matrix, and cross-functional teams in IT architecture design, development, and implementation for improved infrastructure stability, performance, and team productivity. Raja is currently the Head of Infrastructure at Annaly Capital Management, the largest publicly-traded Mortgage REIT. Prior to that, Raja held senior roles at Nomura, Point72 (SAC Capital), and Citi Group. Raja has a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Maryland, College Park, MD. He has many industry certifications, like ITIL, EMC, Microsoft, Cisco, etc. Salvatore Cucchiara, Managing Director and Head of Field & Client Technology, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management In his role as Head of Field and Client Technology, Sal is responsible for driving the technology strategy and delivery of innovative solutions for Morgan Stanley financial advisors, branch management and wealth management clients. Prior to joining Morgan Stanley, he served as Head of Wealth & Banking Solutions Technology at Bank of America, where he was responsible for the design, development and integration of technologies supporting the products of the global wealth and investment management and consumer bank businesses. Prior to that, he held senior leadership positions at JP Morgan Chase and Dun & Bradstreet, focused on major platform transformation and client enablement initiatives. In addition to his role as a technology leader, Sal has been an active champion of Diversity and Inclusion throughout his career, providing oversight and direction in recruiting and retaining diverse talent, offering products and services to meet the diverse needs of clients and supporting underserved communities through philanthropic activities and programs. Sal holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Fordham University with a concentration in Information Systems, a BS in Computer Science from the University of Scranton and attended the Securities Industry Association Executive Education program at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Ken DeGiglio, Chief Information Officer, EquiLend Ken DeGiglio is the Chief Information Officer of EquiLend and a member of the firm’s executive team. As CIO, he is responsible for aligning EquiLend’s technology vision with business strategy; integrating company processes with the appropriate technologies; and developing and implementing technology initiatives within the organization. He manages a senior team of IT professionals and works closely with product owners and other internal stakeholders. DeGiglio’s career in financial technology spans nearly 30 years at firms including TD Ameritrade, Morgan Stanley, Robertson Stephens and J.P. Morgan. He also was a founder of Renaissance Trading Technologies. He has a bachelor’s degree with high honors in computer science, systems planning, and management from the Stevens Institute of Technology. Christopher Reimers, Managing Director, Global Technology & Operations, Bank of America Christopher Reimers leads the Contact Center and Voice Technologies group within Retail, Preferred & GWIM Technology & Operations. In this role, Chris leads the strategic development and daily operation of the Bank’s main call center technology platforms. Chris has been with the firm for over 25 years, initially from 1984 to 1989 in Operations as a CMA Client Service Representative and Call Center Technology Analyst, and from 1996 to present in Retail, Preferred, and GWIM Technology. Throughout his career in technology Chris has managed Bank of America’s core call center technology platforms. In addition to the call center platforms, Chris has also managed the Digital Platforms, Case Management systems, Release Management, and Service & Stability. WSTA 2017 Board of Directors President James Kostulias, Managing Director Integration Strategy, TD Ameritrade 1st Vice President Casey Santos, Chief Information Officer, General Atlantic 2nd Vice President Joseph Ferlisi, Managing Director, Global Head of Architecture & Strategy, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Treasurer Ronald F. Ries, CPA Secretary Thomas I. Piderit, Vice President, Federal Reserve Bank of New York Directors Alex S. Berson, Executive Director and Distinguished Engineer, Global Technology, JPMorgan Chase & Company Randall Brett, Managing Director, Global Head of Software Architecture, Pine River Capital Management Raja Chris, Director, Head of Infrastructure, Annaly Capital Management, Inc. Salvatore Cucchiara, Managing Director and Head of Field & Client Technology, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Ken DeGiglio, Chief Information Officer, EquiLend Thomas Doughty, VP-Chief Information Security Officer, Prudential Financial Alok Kapoor, Executive Vice President, Enterprise Infrastructure, Fidelity Investments Swamy Kocherlakota, SVP, Head of Operations & Infrastructure, Visa John F. Looney, SVP, Enterprise Data Governance & Management, State Street Corporation Perry Metviner, Managing Director, Chief Technology Officer, Davidson Kempner Capital Management Lawrence Pecker, Executive Director, Wealth Management Americas Technology, UBS Alec Polnarev, SVP-Head of Enterprise Infrastructure, Harvard Management Company Christopher Reimers, Managing Director, Global Technology & Operations, Bank of America Phyllis Lampell, WSTA Executive Director Jo Ann Cooper, WSTA Executive Director About the Wall Street Technology Association (WSTA) For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13988369.htm Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets Jamie Dimon has pocketed $229 million off his 2016 'bottom' buy CNBC @CNBC2 days ago CNBC @CNBC2 days ago                                                                               As the markets were in turmoil and the world worried about a global recession in February 2016, Jamie Dimon was calling for calm. The JPMorgan Chase CEO stood amid the tumult and said the market was cheap. He backed up his belief by purchasing 500,000 shares of his company's stock, which was tanking at the time. He never actually called a market trough, but many in the market since then have referred to it as the "Dimon bottom." Much has been made of the move and deservedly so considering the profit Dimon made on that purchase — what appears now to be a $17 million gain on a $26.6 million investment, just based on the shares purchased that day. That's based on where JPMorgan stock was compared with where it is now. And that doesn't even account for the total profit he made on his holdings. The Feb. 11, 2016, purchase came at an average price of $53.18. The stock closed Friday at $87.18, equaling a $34 per share gain, or 64 percent. Bank shares actually saw mediocre performance through much of the year, but a late-year rally fueled by Donald Trump 's upset victory in the presidential race sent financial stocks soaring. JPMorgan shares are up 24 percent since Election Day. The purchase brought Dimon's total holdings in his bank to about 6.75 million shares, which would have been worth $359 million at the time. Assuming that $34 per share profit since the buy, his total profit comes to around $229.4 million. To be sure, it was a bold move that could have gone otherwise. At the time, there were fears of a global recession brought on by a slowdown in China. Investors worried that Deutsche Bank was in major trouble, the Federal Reserve appeared determined to raise interest rates even amid the difficulties and political uncertainty was running high. Warren Buffett is fond of saying that he is fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful. For Dimon, it's a lesson that paid off handsomely. And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan on Brexit white paper: 'Shallowness of the analysis and absence of detail are matters of great concern' Oscar Williams-Grut Feb. 3, 2017, 4:29 AM 2,015 facebook linkedin twitter email print Brexit Secretary David Davis. PA Wire/PA Images LONDON — JPMorgan has delivered a scathing verdict on the government's Brexit white paper setting out plans for leaving the European Union, calling it shallow and lacking in detail. The government on Thursday published a 78-page document setting out its official negotiating position for Britain leaving the EU, fleshing out the 12 objectives Prime Minister Theresa May outlined in a speech last month. Malcolm Barr, an economist who covers the UK at the Wall Street bank, gives a damning verdict of the document, saying it is far too light on detail and underestimates the size of the challenge facing Britain. Barr says in a note sent to clients on Thursday: "As a distillation of the state of knowledge within the UK government six months after the vote, and with the beginnings of a time-compressed negotiation just weeks away, the shallowness of the analysis and absence of detail are matters of great concern, in our view." He highlights a lack of detail on EEA membership, the UK’s likely liabilities upon leaving the EU, what regulatory bodies and regimes will need to be replaced upon exit, and says there is "no meaningful detail" on how the government will control migration. Barr says that the government is "misjudging both the political and practical scale of the task ahead" and warns "we see increasing grounds for concern that the plan as constituted cannot be credibly delivered." He says multinationals "may choose to vote with their feet rather than waiting to see the negotiated outturn" given the continued uncertainty. JPMorgan is one of several investment banks that has warned it will have to move jobs out of the UK as a result of Brexit. CEO Jamie Dimon told Bloomberg at Davos last month: "It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for." The bank employs 16,000 people in the UK. NOW WATCH: PayPal's CEO reveals the 2 key trends that are driving the fintech revolution Loading video... More: Brexit EU JP Morgan Brexit White Paper facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan on Brexit white paper: 'Shallowness of the analysis and absence of detail are matters of great concern' JPMorgan on Brexit white paper: 'Shallowness of the analysis and absence of detail are matters of great concern' LONDON — JPMorgan has delivered a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight News 2017-02-10 San Franciscans To Go Naked For Valentine’s Day Nude Protest News 2017-02-10 Melania Trump Rides Air Force One For The First Time Amid ‘Vogue’ Cover Backlash Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE MMA 2017-02-10 UFC 208: Holly Holm, Anderson Silva Return To The Octagon Basketball 2017-02-10 NBA Playoffs 2017: Blazers, Bulls, And Thunder Create Interesting Match Up Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Uber CEO Resigns From Trump’s Council Because Of #DeleteUber Revolt BuzzWorthy 1 0 0 February 3, 2017 Uber CEO Resigns From Trump’s Council Because Of #DeleteUber Revolt Tito Ojo-Medubi Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has resigned from President Trump’s economic advisory council. The social media revolt spurred a viral #DeleteUber and even caused dissent within his own company. The 40-year-old billionaire, in a statement made available to the Wall Street Journal, pointed out that his participation on the council had been misconstrued to mean an endorsement of the 70-year-old President’s policies. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the President or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Uber Technologies CEO Travis Kalanick leaves president’s business council https://t.co/e0djLp1Iq3 — Wall Street Journal (@WSJ) February 3, 2017 Mr. Kalanick was expected to join other participants Friday, including Walt Disney and Wal-Mart CEOs Bob Iger and Doug McMillon, as well as Tesla Inc’s chief executive, Elon Musk and JP Morgan Chase’s chief executive Jamie Dimon. The group was billed to meet for the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum in Washington D.C. However, the Uber CEO had informed the President beforehand that he was backing out of the council. “I spoke briefly with the President about the immigration executive order..I also let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council.” Customers and drivers had accused the Uber CEO, who has a net worth of $6 billion, of getting cozy with the Trump administration in the aftermath of the executive order banning the travel of citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries to the U.S. The White House had asserted that ‘extreme vetting” was required to keep terrorists from finding their way into America. Many people saw it as a crack-down contrary to the ideals of American diversity. #DeleteUber reportedly led 200,000 people to delete their accounts https://t.co/5GtEGS5oMW pic.twitter.com/ndmjP4oenn — The Verge (@verge) February 3, 2017 The avalanche of criticism towards the ride sharing and car hire service had spiraled out of control with many people, including celebrities, gingering people to delete the Uber app from their smart devices. The revolt picked up over the weekend when the San-Francisco based company tweeted that it was halting a price increase to John F. Kennedy International Airport. The decision came at a time when traditional drivers had suspended their services to protest the travel ban. Observers felt that Uber was trying to take advantage of a lull in transport services and make more money. Others believed car services did not fully grind to a halt, it would sabotage the full thrust of the protest. According to the Business Insider, more than 200,000 people deleted their accounts. By Thursday, the Independent Guild, a group of Uber drivers based in New York began circulating a petition for Kalanick to pull out from President Trump’s economic council. The group in a bid to sympathize with enraged customers also suggested that the company make a donation to attorneys and non-profits fighting the travel ban. #uber pledges $3 million for drivers affected by immigration banhttps://t.co/rPx3blVpLw pic.twitter.com/VXqIy90GiV — Express Tribune Tech (@ETribuneTech) January 30, 2017 Kalanick had met with Uber employees before he resigned making the point that being on the council would have positioned the company to influence change and express dissatisfaction from within. Many of his staffers thought he was giving a rationale on why he would remain on the council. The co-founder of the peer-to-peer file sharing company, Red Swoosh, gave no indication he was going to resign. Despite Kalanick’s withdrawal from the advisory council, protests are still penciled to go ahead across the country, including in New Orleans, New York, and San Francisco. The Uber CEO’s resignation is only one of the many blowbacks the President has received since assuming office over two weeks ago. This week, department-store giant, Nordstrom announced that they were cutting ties with Ivanka Trump and would not be selling any of her fashion products on their website, as reported by the Inquisitr. Elon Musk says he will raise objections to Trump's immigration order at a meeting at the White House on Friday https://t.co/fUN3C1gFd2 pic.twitter.com/nS8oJcoczC — CNN (@CNN) February 3, 2017 Tesla chief executive Elon Musk has insisted that despite the resignation of the Uber CEO, he will remain on the council. The 45-year-old revealed that his presence at the advisory council meetings did not mean he aligned himself with the Trump administration. Musk, who is worth a reported $13 billion, pointed out that his presence will “on balance serve the greater good.” [Featured Image by Paul Sakluma/AP Images] Now Watch This: Palestinian Hairdresser Uses Blowtorch On Clients Now Read This: Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Tito Ojo-Medubi Tags: #deleteuber, Travis Kalanick, trump muslim ban, donald trump 100 days November 3, 2013 Kendall Jenner Turns 18, Porn Offers Flood Her Inbox November 3, 2013 Nick Foles Throws 7 TDs, Ties NFL Record Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B ‘Spy In The Wild’: New PBS Show Reveals Secret Life Of Animals [Video] Anna Nicole Smith Still Dotes On Daughter Dannielynn From Beyond The Grave George Clooney Disobeyed The 12-Week Rule To Tell Matt Damon His Baby News Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight UFO News: Broad Haven UFO Retrospective After 40 Years Tom Cruise Reportedly Has A Secret Girlfriend! Is It Rebecca Ferguson? San Franciscans To Go Naked For Valentine’s Day Nude Protest Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 4.7k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 1.9k 0 0 Recent Videos BuzzWorthy Analyze Sperm Fertility With New Phone Device BuzzWorthy Controlled Explosion Demolishes 19 Buildings In China BuzzWorthy Weed Advocacy Group Hands Out 4200 Free Joints At Inauguration Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Buy Gateway Distriparks; target of Rs 314: Motilal Oswal - New India Assurance posts nine-month net profit of Rs 455 crore Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Stocks Views Feb 07, 2017, 03.44 PM | Source: Moneycontrol.com Buy, sell, hold: 7 stocks analysts are watching out Morgan Stanley also says Jubilant Foodworks' earnings are ahead of estimates and there was impressive cost control. It is best placed to capitalise on urban consumption recovery, it feels. The research firm is overweight on the Stock, with a target price at Rs 1,230. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Buy, sell, hold: 7 stocks analysts are watching out Morgan Stanley also says Jubilant Foodworks' earnings are ahead of estimates and there was impressive cost control. It is best placed to capitalise on urban consumption recovery, it feels. The research firm is overweight on the Stock, with a target price at Rs 1,230. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Moneycontrol Bureau Jubilant Foodworks With maintaining outperform rating on Jubilant Foodworks, with a target price at Rs 1,150, Credit Suisse says a 3.3 percent decline in same store sales growth was better than estimates and focus on closing non-performing stores is a positive move. JPMorgan says focus on profitability is a welcome step, but in near-term uncertainty in demand remains. The brokerage house is overweight on the stock, with a target price at Rs 1,140. Deutsche Bank has reiterated buy rating on the stock, with a target price at Rs 1,400 as same-store-sales growth trajectory is improving and new product pipeline is strong. Closure of underperforming stores is the practical approach, it feels. Margin is likely to have bottomed out, according to the brokerage house. CLSA also retained its buy call on the stock with increased target price at Rs 1,250 (from Rs 1,100) as company seems to have changed track from ‘growth’ to ‘profitable growth’ and closure of six stores highlights management’s focus. It feels pause in price hikes to offer value is also a welcome step. Jubilant's Q3 was better than its subdued forecast but same-store-sales-growth of negative 3.3 percent is disappointing in the context of the 5 percent of Westlife, it says. Morgan Stanley also says earnings are ahead of estimates and there was impressive cost control. It is best placed to capitalise on urban consumption recovery, it feels. The research firm is overweight on the Stock, with a target price at Rs 1,230. However, Nomura feels challenges continue to remain for the company. Jubilant Foodworks is taking steps in the right direction but will take time before results show, it says while maintaining neutral rating on the stock, with a target price at Rs 855. Citi advised selling the stock but revised target upward to Rs 810 from Rs 790. It feels there will be downside risks to FY17 forecasts. "Revenue forecasts have been pared 1-4 percent over FY17-19 and EPS estimates for FY17/18 have been pared 2-3 percent," it says. ACC , Ambuja Cements CLSA says consolidation of both companies will drive savings & help both firms. Merger is long overdue and makes economic sense, it feels. ACC should merge into Ambuja Cements. He does not see any anti-trust hurdle. Merged entity could easily see around 10 percent EBITDA upgrade, according to CLSA. Pharma Credit Suisse says Dr Reddy's Labs and Lupin could have high impact of border tax while Cipla is the least impacted. Risk could be high in near-term, it feels. For Dr Reddy's Labs, more than 25 percent of FY18 profits are at risk and for Lupin, 20 percent of FY18 profits are at risk, it says. The research firm feels Cipla would have the lowest impact at 7 percent of profits and Sun Pharma 's profits could be impacted by 12 percent. Tags  Jubilant Foodworks Credit Suisse JPMorgan Deutsche Bank CLSA Morgan Stanley Nomura Citi Ambuja Cements ACC Dr Reddys Laboratories Lupin Cipla Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Related Stories Headwinds from note ban for another 2-3 months: Jubilant Food The impact of demonetisation has showed up in the Buy Jubilant Foodworks 1050 Call, advises Mitessh Thakkar Mitessh Thakkar of miteshthacker.com is of the vie Jubilant Foodworks Q3 profit falls 32%; SSSG beats estimates Same-store-sales growth at negative 3.3 percent wa Stocks in news: Infosys, Dr Reddy's, Idea, Divis, JK Cement, ACC Infosys | TCS | Wipro | Canara Bank | Dr Reddy's L Set email alert for : Select Stocks Jubilant Food Ambuja Cements ACC Dr Reddys Labs Lupin Cipla Sun Pharma Set Alert Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Buy, sell, hold: 7 stocks analysts are watching out See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Budget News Top News Budget 2017: Modi-Jaitley star as Sherlock-Watson as newspapers react Budget 2017 had 'shortest list of bad news': Ridham Desai Budget 2017: What's in store for startup founders & their employees Budget allocation to Water Resources Ministry hiked by 11% Budget extends window for startups to avail tax benefits Mixed reaction by aviation, tourism industry experts to Budget Here is what India's Startup CEOs feel about Budget 2017-18 Budget 2017 to bring positive structure to economy: Anil Sardana Union Budget 2017-18: Government is on fast track mode, says Gagan Banga Shriram Transport to raise Rs 200 cr by via masala bonds Trump says he is working on a major tax reform Polling begins for phase-I of UP Assembly elections Raincoat Jibe: Rahul says Modi likes to peep into 'bathrooms' Save sovereignty of constitution: Sasikala to Guv in a letter See all Video of the day Pharma bottoming out but invest selectively: Emkay Global Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 Tax Calculator RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Law Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes Indonesia to hold court hearing into Goldman Sachs's billion-dollar dispute with tycoon Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 7:20 PM ETReuters SHARES Adam Jeffery | CNBC Indonesia will hold a court hearing on Tuesday into a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs and a local tycoon, who says the Wall Street giant's unit unlawfully sold shares he owned, in the latest test for the country's legal system. Goldman took the unusual step of counter-suing the tycoon - Benny Tjokrosaputro - for reputational damage. The hearing on Tuesday will give the retail-to-property businessman a chance to rebuff Goldman's assertion. The dispute comes at a time when Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, is embarking on its biggest drive for foreign investment in a decade. Legal experts say the outcome could give an indication on whether the country's civil court proceedings will protect the rights of foreigners. Indonesia's government has recently raised investor concerns by cutting business ties with JPMorgan over a negative research report and partially reversing a mining policy. Goldman's prospects at the hearing could be affected by a general lack of transparency in Indonesian court proceedings, said Bill Sullivan, senior foreign counsel at Indonesian law firm Christian Teo & Partners. "This lack of transparency can result in very surprising decisions, especially when you have a foreign party seeking recovery from a well-resourced and well-connected local party," Sullivan told Reuters in an email. show chapters The verdict on investing in Indonesia    Wednesday, 12 Oct 2016 | 7:16 PM ET | 01:43 Goldman's dispute with Tjokrosaputro, president director of property developer PT Hanson International, stems from an arcane area of the financial market in which individuals or firms pledge shares in return for short-term loans, according to court documents and people familiar with the matter. Tjokrosaputro had pledged 425 million Hanson shares to U.S. hedge fund Platinum Partners in return for a loan on the basis that he could get the shares back upon repayment - an arrangement known as a repurchase agreement or a repo. Goldman's unit, Goldman Sachs International, bought the Hanson shares from Platinum as a hedge for the derivatives it had entered into with the fund, a bank spokesman said. In late 2014, New York-based Platinum fell into financial difficulties and had trouble paying back a large number of investors, according to U.S. authorities who recently charged top executives of the fund with running a $1 billion fraud. Goldman started selling the Hanson shares last year, but was forced to stop after Tjokrosaputro filed a police complaint. He went on to sue Goldman in September for 15 trillion rupiah ($1.1 billion), alleging the transaction was conducted "unlawfully". Tjokrosaputro's lawyer told Reuters his client did not breach his contract with Platinum and that no-one other than Tjokrosaputro had the right to own or sell the shares. In response, Goldman countersued the tycoon last month for at least $1.1 billion claiming reputational damage. Goldman "lawfully" acquired the shares from Platinum through the negotiated board of the Indonesian Stock Exchange and the transactions were validly settled, the bank says in its claim documents. A bank spokesman told Reuters that Goldman Sachs International was not aware of Tjokrosaputro's dealings with Platinum, nor any restrictions on the shares it purchased. ($1 = 13,327.00 rupiah) Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
