Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BBA Aviation plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BBA Aviation plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their overweight rating on shares of BBA Aviation plc (LON:BBA) in a research note released on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a GBX 347 ($4.24) price target on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also commented on BBA. Liberum Capital reiterated a sell rating and issued a GBX 270 ($3.30) target price on shares of BBA Aviation plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Barclays PLC upped their target price on BBA Aviation plc from GBX 310 ($3.79) to GBX 335 ($4.10) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 293.71 ($3.59). Shares of BBA Aviation plc (LON:BBA) opened at 310.20 on Thursday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 3.19 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 294.40 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 268.23. BBA Aviation plc has a 52-week low of GBX 186.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 315.00. This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/bba-aviation-plc-bba-earns-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a dividend of GBX 0.09 ($0.00) per share. This represents a yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. BBA Aviation plc Company Profile BBA Aviation plc is a provider of global aviation support and aftermarket services. The Company primarily focuses on servicing the Business and General Aviation (B&GA) market. Its businesses include Signature Flight Support, Engine Repair and Overhaul (ERO) and Ontic. Its Signature Flight Support business is the fixed base operation (FBO) and line maintenance network for B&GA users with over 200 locations covering destinations in North America, Europe, South America, Africa and Asia. Receive News & Ratings for BBA Aviation plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BBA Aviation plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing British Land Company PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for British Land Company PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Granite Real Estate’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GRP.U) Wedbush Comments on Habit Restaurants Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HABT) INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.56 Per Share salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Old Mutual plc (OML) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Citigroup Inc Lowers Sse Plc (SSE) to Sell Ferrexpo Plc (FXPO) Lifted to Neutral at Credit Suisse Group AG Merlin Entertainments PLC (MERL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon PureCircle Limited (PURE) Earns “Buy” Rating from Liberum Capital PPHE Hotel Group Ltd (PPH) Earns “Corporate” Rating from FinnCap Canaccord Genuity Boosts Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Price Target to C$80.00 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.51 on April 3rd Strad Energy Services Ltd (SDY) Earns Strong-Buy Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) PT Lowered to C$35.00 at GMP Securities Barclays PLC Boosts National Bank of Canada (NA) Price Target to C$59.00 Scotiabank Raises Lydian International Ltd. (LYD) Price Target to C$0.95 Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NDQ) Given New C$16.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Transcontinental Realty Investors Inc (TCI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages British Land Company PLC (BLND) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet British Land Company PLC (LON:BLND)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reissued by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Friday. They currently have a GBX 770 ($9.42) target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price suggests a potential upside of 23.00% from the company’s previous close. A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on BLND. Peel Hunt reiterated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 675 ($8.26) price target on shares of British Land Company PLC in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 671 ($8.21) price target on shares of British Land Company PLC in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 590 ($7.22) price target on shares of British Land Company PLC in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 738 ($9.03) price target on shares of British Land Company PLC in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. Finally, BNP Paribas increased their price target on British Land Company PLC from GBX 600 ($7.34) to GBX 660 ($8.07) and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. British Land Company PLC presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 681 ($8.33). British Land Company PLC (LON:BLND) opened at 626.00 on Friday. British Land Company PLC has a one year low of GBX 499.96 and a one year high of GBX 773.35. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 603.03 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 614.68. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 6.45 billion. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be issued a GBX 7.30 ($0.09) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.23%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 30th. “British Land Company PLC (BLND) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/07/british-land-company-plc-blnd-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. British Land Company PLC Company Profile The British Land Company PLC is a real estate company. The Company owns, manages, develops and finances a portfolio of commercial properties focused on retail locations around the United Kingdom and London offices. It creates and operates places for people to work, shop and live in. Its segments are Offices and residential, Retail and leisure, Canada Water and Other/unallocated. Receive News & Ratings for British Land Company PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for British Land Company PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Arrow Global Group PLC’s (ARW) Buy Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Next » Brokerages Set WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Target Price at $131.89 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT SPONSORED CONTENT What's this?Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. Email Print Facebook Share Twitter Google+ LinkedIn smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. Building a better index with strategic beta By Yazann Romahi, Chief Investment Officer of Quantitative Beta Strategies and Lead Portfolio Manager of JPMorgan Diversified Return International Equity ETF at J.P. Morgan Asset Management March 7, 2017 With the global economy warming up, but political uncertainty remaining a constant, it’s more important than ever for investors to position their global portfolios to navigate long-term market volatility. That’s where the power of diversification comes in, says Yazann Romahi, Chief Investment Officer of Quantitative Beta Strategies at J.P. Morgan JPM -0.9482758620689655% JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE USD91.92 -0.88 -0.9482758620689655% /Date(1488837619927-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 14968492 AFTER HOURS USD91.8 -0.120000000000005 -0.13054830287206268% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 90686 P/E Ratio 14.849757673667206 Market Cap 331478167150.766 Dividend Yield 2.088772845953003% Rev. per Employee 421060 More quote details and news » JPM in Your Value Your Change Short position Asset Management and Lead Portfolio Manager of JPMorgan Diversified Return International Equity ETF (JPIN). Not all diversified portfolios are alike In their search for diversification, many investors turn to passive index ETFs, which track a market cap-weighted index. But these funds aren’t always the most effective way to steer a steady course through volatile markets—and there are two key reasons why. First, traditional market cap-weighted indices are actually less diversified than investors may think. For example, in the S&P 500, the top 10% of stocks account for half the volatility of the index. Within sectors, while you might assume that sector risk is distributed across the ten major sectors fairly evenly, it is a surprise to many that at any point in time, one sector can be as high as 50% of the risk. Second, cap-weighted indices come with some inherent weaknesses, including exposure to unrewarded risk concentrations and overvalued securities. So, while these indices provide investors with exposure to the equity risk premium and long-term capital growth, as is the case with any other investment, investors can also experience painful downturns, which increase volatility and reduce long-term performance. For investors seeking equity exposure with broader diversification—and potentially lower volatility—strategic beta indices may be better positioned to deliver the goods. How do we define strategic beta? Strategic beta refers to a growing group of indices and the investment products that track them. Most of these indices ultimately aim to enhance returns or reduce risk relative to a traditional market cap-weighted benchmark. Building on decades of proven research and insights, J.P. Morgan’s strategic beta ETFs track diversified factor indices designed to capture most of the market upside, while providing less volatility in down markets compared to a market cap-weighted index. Rather than constructing an index based on market capitalization—with the largest regions, sectors and companies representing the largest portion of the index—our strategic beta indices aim to allocate based on maximizing diversification along every dimension—sectors, regions and factors. The index therefore seeks to improve risk-adjusted returns by tackling the overexposure to risk concentrations and overvalued securities that come as part of the package with traditional passive index investing. So, how do you build a better index? As one of just a few ETF providers that combine alternatively-weighted and factor-oriented indices, our disciplined index methodology is designed to target better risk-adjusted returns through a two-step process. First, we seek to maximize diversification across the risk dimension. This essentially means that we look to ensure risk is more evenly spread across regions and sectors, which balances the index’s inherent concentrations. As uncontrolled risk concentrations are unlikely to be rewarded over the longer term, we believe investors should strive for maximum diversification when constructing a core equity exposure. Second, we seek to maximize diversification across the return dimension. Research shows that there are a number of sources of equity returns beyond growth itself. These include risk exposures such as value, size, momentum and quality (or low volatility). When creating a diversified factor index in partnership with FTSE Russell, we seek to build up the constituents with exposure to these factors. We therefore select securities through a bottom-up stock filter, scoring each company based on a combination of these return factors to determine whether it is included in the index. These factors provide access to a broader, more diversifying source of equity returns as they inherently deliver low correlation to one another, providing diversification in the return dimension. So, whereas traditional passive indices allow market cap to dictate allocations, the diversified factor index seeks to ensure that we minimize concentration to any source of risk—whether it be region, sector or source of return. How are you currently weighted versus the market cap-weighted index, and how have your under- and over-weights enhanced risk-return profiles? Crucially, our weightings don’t reflect specific views on sectors or regions and are instead, by design, the point of maximal diversification. It is important to remember that market cap-weighted indices typically carry a lot of concentration risk—for example, at various points in time, a single sector can explain half the risk of the index when left unmanaged. At the moment, three sectors explain two-thirds of the risk of the FTSE Developed ex-NA Index—these being financials, consumer goods and industrials. In contrast, the FTSE Developed ex-NA Diversified Factor Index—or strategic beta index, which JPMorgan Diversified Return International Equity ETF (JPIN) tracks—is explicitly designed to maintain balance and therefore these sector allocations range from 8% to 12%. In the short term, any concentrated portfolio can of course outperform a more diversified one, if the concentrated bet paid off. Investing wholly in a single stock may outperform over short-term periods. At other times, it may significantly underperform an index. However, it is well understood that an investor is better off diversifying across lots of stocks for better risk-adjusted long-term gains. The same applies here. From a pure return perspective, if financials, for example, account for half of a cap-weighted index in terms of market cap and have a strong run over the short term, of course, this index would outperform over this period. Over the long run, however, it is fairly uncontroversial to suggest that the more broadly diversified index could achieve better risk-adjusted returns. Seeking a smoother ride in international equity markets? For investors targeting enhanced diversification through a core international equity portfolio, JPMorgan Diversified Return International Equity ETF (JPIN) targets lower volatility by tracking an index that more evenly distributes risk, enabling them to get invested—and stay invested. Learn more about JPIN and J.P. Morgan’s suite of strategic beta ETFs here. Call 1-844-4JPM-ETF or visit www.jpmorganetfs.com to obtain a prospectus. Carefully consider the investment objectives and risks as well as charges and expenses of the ETF before investing. The summary and full prospectuses contain this and other information about the ETF. Read them carefully before investing. RISK SUMMARY • Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. Shares are bought and sold market price, and are not individually redeemed from a fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns. • International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. • Narrowly focused investments typically exhibit higher volatility. • Emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors as well as increased volatility and decreased trading volume. • A fund uses derivatives, which may be riskier than other types of investments and may increase the volatility of a fund. • A fund may not track the return of its underlying index for a number of reasons, such operating expenses incurred by a fund that are not applicable to an index, and the time difference between calculating the value of an index and the net asset value of a fund. • There is no guarantee the funds will meet their investment objective. • Diversification may not protect against market loss. Opinions and statements of market trends that are based on current market conditions constitute our judgment and are subject to change without notice. These views described may not be suitable for all investors. References to specific securities, asset classes and financial markets are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendations. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. ETF shares are bought and sold throughout the day on an exchange at market price (not NAV) through a brokerage account, and are not individually redeemed from the fund. Shares may only be redeemed directly from a fund by Authorized Participants, in very large creation/redemption units. For all products, brokerage commissions will reduce returns. J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the marketing name for the asset management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates worldwide. J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Funds are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co, One Freedom Valley Dr., Oaks, PA 19456, which is not affiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. or any of its affiliates. For additional disclosure: https://am.jpmorgan.com/us/en/asset-management/gim/adv/site-disclaimer Barron’s news organization was not involved in the creation of this content. MORE FROM J.P. MORGAN FUNDS •  3 Ways to Help Improve Retirement Outcomes •  Investing for income in the current environment: JPMorgan Income Builder Fund •  3 ways to help improve retirement outcomes •  BONDS: WHAT A DIFFERENCE AN ELECTION DAY MAKES For additional disclosure: http://www.bit.ly/1PCGvXH Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aldermore Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Friday. They presently have a GBX 250 ($3.06) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 7.07% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Panmure Gordon started coverage on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. They issued a “buy” rating and a GBX 285 ($3.49) price target on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 194 ($2.37) price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. Numis Securities Ltd restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 211 ($2.58) price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Investec restated a “buy” rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Liberum Capital restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 245 ($3.00) price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Aldermore Group PLC has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 245.42 ($3.00). Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) opened at 233.50 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 224.78 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 200.76. Aldermore Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 102.00 and a one year high of GBX 256.30. The firm’s market cap is GBX 804.97 million. “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Aldermore Group PLC (ALD)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-neutral-rating-for-aldermore-group-plc-ald.html. Aldermore Group PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Aldermore Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investing Ideas Go Long China, Short US: 5 Smart Stock Trades Concerns that U.S. stocks are overvalued may mean it’s time to buy their cheaper Chinese rivals. By Daniel Shane Biography March 6, 2017 10:03 p.m. ET Investors that still hope to catch the rally in U.S. stocks best bring along skis and snow boots. That’s the advice of the investing world’s so-called ‘Dr. Doom,’ Marc Faber, who recommends ditching overvalued U.S. shares and putting cash... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Can American Express Top JPMorgan’s Cards? JPMorgan may maintain an elevated marketing expense and American Express’ response likely compresses EPS growth. March 6, 2017 12:10 p.m. ET Guggenheim Securities We believe the key point from American Express’ Investor Day next week will be the extent to which its accelerating revenue growth can drive stronger earnings-per-share growth in the current highly competitive card market. However, at its Investor Day earlier this week, JPMorgan Chase (ticker: JPM) signaled its intent to maintain elevated marketing expense; American Express’ (AXP) response likely... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The 'London Whale' trader who made a $6.2 billion trading loss says he'd welcome a lawsuit to 'retrieve' his 'stolen' life Lianna Brinded Mar. 7, 2017, 2:37 AM 307 facebook linkedin twitter email print © Anuar Patjane Floriuk LONDON — Bruno Iksil, the trader dubbed "The London Whale" for his massive trading losses, says he would welcome a lawsuit so he can finally clear his name. Iksil was at the centre of the $6.2 billion (£4.3 billion) JPMorgan trading loss in 2012 when massive derivatives bets he made went sour. It cost the bank more than $1 billion in penalties. Iksil's actions were legal. He said in an interview with Financial News that while the US Federal Reserve is still considering an enforcement action against him, it would be an opportunity for him to tell his side of the story. So far, no enforcement action has been brought against Iksil. "I was public enemy No. 1. Everyone, every single authority, everyone, I think, reading the press articles, wanted to behead me or destroy me or smash me," said Iksil. "I have to retrieve my reputation, my intellectual property and, simply, my life. So far, all of this has been stolen." Iksil has not worked since his dismissal from JPMorgan, which followed the huge trading loss. He said in the interview that he is so determined to get his side of the story out that he is writing a book about what happened at the investment bank although he does not yet have a publishing contract. "I have to fight. I have no choice… I have to make people be aware of what really happened," he said. "I've been waiting now for [almost five] years. I think it's time to say the things. The truth has to be told." Iksil says "a lot of people" have told him to move on, but he says it’s "impossible." You can read the full interview here. NOW WATCH: JEFF SACHS: Here are the fiscal policies we need to implement so robots don't take our jobs Loading video... More: Bruno Iksil London Whale JPM JPMorgan Trading Derivatives facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The 'London Whale' trader who made a $6.2 billion trading loss says he'd welcome a lawsuit to 'retrieve' his 'stolen' life The 'London Whale' trader who made a $6.2 billion trading loss says he'd welcome a lawsuit to 'retrieve' his 'stolen' life LONDON — Bruno Iksil, the trader dubbed "The... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th ITV plc (ITV) Receives Buy Rating from Shore Capital International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Shore Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Hold International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC’s (MTO) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Granite Real Estate’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GRP.U) Wedbush Comments on Habit Restaurants Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HABT) Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (AHP) Stake Held by Raging Capital Management, LLC Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Raging Capital Management, LLC recently disclosed that they own 4.2% of Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (NYSE:AHP) in a Schedule 13D/A disclosure that was filed with the SEC on Monday, March 6th. The investor owns 1,085,746 shares of the stock worth about $11,997,493. The reporting parties listed on the disclosure included Raging Capital Management, LLC and William C Martin. The filing is available through Edgar at this hyperlink. Raging Capital Management, LLC provided the following explanation of their ownership: Warning: file_get_contents(): php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Name or service not known in /home/acctmp/public_html/download.php on line 6 Warning: file_get_contents(https://whalewisdom.com 2,460,079 ): failed to open stream: php_network_getaddresses: getaddrinfo failed: Name or service not known in /home/acctmp/public_html/download.php on line 6 A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of AHP. KRV Capital LP acquired a new position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime during the third quarter worth about $5,832,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 13.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 10,719 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 1,306 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 14,821.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 133,250 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,879,000 after buying an additional 132,357 shares during the period. Foundry Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 3.0% in the third quarter. Foundry Partners LLC now owns 249,775 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,522,000 after buying an additional 7,311 shares during the period. Finally, Raging Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 23.6% in the fourth quarter. Raging Capital Management LLC now owns 2,460,079 shares of the company’s stock worth $33,580,000 after buying an additional 470,037 shares during the period. 75.77% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (NYSE:AHP) traded up 0.91% on Monday, reaching $11.05. 1,040,676 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $13.43 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.83. Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc has a 12-month low of $9.66 and a 12-month high of $17.64. The company has a market cap of $283.55 million, a PE ratio of 20.16 and a beta of 1.20. Ashford Hospitality Prime (NYSE:AHP) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported ($0.03) EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.03). Ashford Hospitality Prime had a net margin of 3.13% and a return on equity of 3.94%. Equities research analysts anticipate that Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc will post $0.24 EPS for the current fiscal year. This article was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/07/ashford-hospitality-prime-inc-ahp-stake-held-by-raging-capital-management-llc.html. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on AHP shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, January 9th. FBR & Co lowered their price target on shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime to $16.00 in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Janney Montgomery Scott raised shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, November 7th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $14.80. About Ashford Hospitality Prime Ashford Hospitality Prime, Inc invests in high revenue per available room (RevPAR), luxury, upper-upscale and upscale hotels in gateway and resort locations. The Company conducts its business and owns all of its assets through its operating partnership, Ashford Hospitality Prime Limited Partnership. It operates in the direct hotel investment segment of the hotel lodging industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AHP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (NYSE:AHP). Receive News & Ratings for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Corporate Office Properties Trust (OFC) Next » Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) to Sell Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DCT Industrial Trust Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DCT Industrial Trust Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Paddy Power Betfair Plc’s (PPB) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC (MTO) Downgraded to Underperform at Jefferies Group LLC Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) Price Target Cut to C$11.00 Noranda Income Fund (NIF.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc Issued By Leerink Swann (ITCI) Hill International, Inc. (HIL) to Release Earnings on Wednesday GSV Capital Corp (GSVC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Zpg Plc’s (ZPG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG URU Metals Ltd (URU) Given Corporate Rating at Northland Securities Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages March 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of DCT Industrial Trust Inc (NYSE:DCT) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Hold” by the ten research firms that are covering the firm. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and three have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $45.25. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on DCT shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of DCT Industrial Trust in a research note on Friday, November 11th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of DCT Industrial Trust from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Mizuho reduced their target price on shares of DCT Industrial Trust from $51.00 to $48.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, November 7th. Finally, Capital One Financial Corp. upgraded shares of DCT Industrial Trust from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $50.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/07/dct-industrial-trust-inc-dct-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Standard Life Investments LTD increased its position in shares of DCT Industrial Trust by 329.7% in the third quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD now owns 1,254,675 shares of the company’s stock valued at $60,920,000 after buying an additional 962,674 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of DCT Industrial Trust during the fourth quarter valued at about $37,886,000. Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. increased its position in shares of DCT Industrial Trust by 20.1% in the third quarter. Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. now owns 1,902,918 shares of the company’s stock valued at $92,387,000 after buying an additional 318,763 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its position in shares of DCT Industrial Trust by 96.7% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 625,232 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30,036,000 after buying an additional 307,339 shares during the period. Finally, Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC bought a new position in shares of DCT Industrial Trust during the third quarter valued at about $13,849,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 97.18% of the company’s stock. DCT Industrial Trust (NYSE:DCT) opened at 47.39 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.35 billion, a PE ratio of 46.10 and a beta of 0.89. DCT Industrial Trust has a one year low of $36.88 and a one year high of $50.57. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $46.91 and a 200 day moving average of $46.95. DCT Industrial Trust (NYSE:DCT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.59 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.02. DCT Industrial Trust had a net margin of 23.65% and a return on equity of 4.82%. The company had revenue of $102.23 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $101.68 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.53 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 14.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that DCT Industrial Trust will post $0.57 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 12th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a dividend of $0.31 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $1.24 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.62%. DCT Industrial Trust’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 120.39%. About DCT Industrial Trust DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) is an industrial real estate company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, development, leasing and management of bulk distribution and light industrial properties located in distribution markets in the United States. The Company operates in three segments: East, Central and West. Receive News & Ratings for DCT Industrial Trust Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DCT Industrial Trust Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tui AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Taylor Wimpey plc (TW) Price Target Raised to GBX 249 at Deutsche Bank AG Tui AG’s (TUI) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG FutureFuel Corp. (FF) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Orange SA (ORAN) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Dignity Plc (DTY) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday PTC Therapeutics, Inc. (PTCT) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.96) Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital equinet AG Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €15.50 Price Target Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Bayer AG (BAYN) a €111.00 Price Target Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €128.00 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Neutral Rating for Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) PT Set at €17.40 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Electrolux AB (ELUXY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (ECHO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research TICC Capital Corp. (TICC) Rating Increased to B at TheStreet Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc. (CCOI) Lowered to “C+” at TheStreet Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Price Target Cut to $78.00 Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts Give American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) a $15.00 Price Target Tui AG’s (TUI) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG restated their underperform rating on shares of Tui AG (LON:TUI) in a report issued on Thursday morning. They currently have a GBX 1,040 ($12.72) target price on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Tui AG in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on Tui AG from GBX 1,305 ($15.96) to GBX 1,340 ($16.39) and gave the company an overweight rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Panmure Gordon reissued a sell rating and issued a GBX 900 ($11.01) price objective on shares of Tui AG in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Shore Capital reissued a buy rating on shares of Tui AG in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Barclays PLC cut their price objective on Tui AG from GBX 1,230 ($15.04) to GBX 1,170 ($14.31) and set an overweight rating for the company in a report on Friday, December 9th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 1,166.25 ($14.26). Shares of Tui AG (LON:TUI) opened at 1130.00 on Thursday. Tui AG has a 1-year low of GBX 813.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,231.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 6.48 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,146.31 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,091.46. “Tui AG’s (TUI) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/tui-ags-tui-underperform-rating-reiterated-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. About Tui AG TUI AG is a Germany-based company that, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in providing fully-integrated tourism services. The Company’s core activities involve the sale of flight and cruise tickets, tours and hotel accommodation as individual components or packaged tours, to wholesale customers, such as travel agencies, tour operators, as well as individual customers, through Internet portals and its operator brands, such as TUI and Thomson. Receive News & Ratings for Tui AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tui AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Paddy Power Betfair Plc’s (PPB) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC (MTO) Downgraded to Underperform at Jefferies Group LLC Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) Price Target Cut to C$11.00 Noranda Income Fund (NIF.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc Issued By Leerink Swann (ITCI) Hill International, Inc. (HIL) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €128.00 Price Target March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Independent Research GmbH set a €128.00 ($136.17) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) in a research note released on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other equities analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Bankhaus Lampe set a €134.00 ($142.55) price target on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. Nord/LB set a €120.00 ($127.66) price target on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. S&P Global Inc set a €125.00 ($132.98) price target on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a price target on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th. Finally, DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA in a research report on Thursday, November 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, sixteen have given a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of €121.28 ($129.02). Shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) opened at 119.415 on Thursday. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 52 week low of €91.37 and a 52 week high of €122.90. The stock has a market cap of €51.86 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.262. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €116.01 and its 200 day moving average price is €115.21. “Independent Research GmbH Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €128.00 Price Target” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/independent-research-gmbh-analysts-give-henkel-ag-co-kgaa-hen3-a-128-00-price-target.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing CME Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) CME Group Inc (CME) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Posted by William Strong on Mar 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet CME Group Inc (NASDAQ:CME) declared a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, February 8th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th will be paid a dividend of 0.66 per share on Monday, March 27th. This represents a $2.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.13%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 8th. This is a positive change from CME Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.60. CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) opened at 124.05 on Tuesday. The stock has a market cap of $42.13 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.38 and a beta of 0.88. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $120.54 and a 200-day moving average price of $113.00. CME Group has a 12 month low of $89.00 and a 12 month high of $127.60. CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.14 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.11 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $913 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $881.46 million. CME Group had a return on equity of 7.28% and a net margin of 42.67%. CME Group’s quarterly revenue was up 12.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.92 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that CME Group will post $4.82 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. CME has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded CME Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Zacks Investment Research raised CME Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $131.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. CME Group has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $104.50. “CME Group Inc (CME) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th” was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/07/cme-group-inc-cme-to-go-ex-dividend-on-march-8th.html. In related news, President Bryan T. Durkin sold 14,886 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, December 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $116.39, for a total transaction of $1,732,581.54. Following the sale, the president now owns 65,960 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,677,084.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Ronald A. Pankau sold 382 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $123.53, for a total value of $47,188.46. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 4,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $494,120. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 70,532 shares of company stock worth $8,428,445. 0.61% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. CME Group Company Profile CME Group Inc is a provider of products across all major asset classes, based on interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange, energy, agricultural commodities and metals. The Company’s products include both exchange-traded and privately negotiated futures and options contracts and swaps. The Company connects buyers and sellers together through its CME Globex electronic trading platform across the globe and its open outcry trading facilities in Chicago and New York City. Receive News & Ratings for CME Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Spire Inc (SR) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Next » Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) Given a $66.00 Price Target by Roth Capital Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) has been assigned a €73.00 ($77.66) target price by Morgan Stanley in a research report issued on Friday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. SU has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Bank of America Corp set a €70.00 ($74.47) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €71.00 ($75.53) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €77.00 ($81.91) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 27th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €73.00 ($77.66) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €72.00 ($76.60) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of €68.82 ($73.22). Shares of Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 65.18 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €66.74 and its 200-day moving average price is €63.79. The company has a market cap of €36.17 billion and a P/E ratio of 21.09. Schneider Electric SE has a 12 month low of €49.50 and a 12 month high of €69.53. “Schneider Electric SE (SU) Given a €73.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/schneider-electric-se-su-given-a-73-00-price-target-by-morgan-stanley-analysts.html. Schneider Electric SE Company Profile Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Cempra Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cempra Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Strad Energy Services Ltd (SDY) Earns Strong-Buy Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. PrairieSky Royalty Ltd (PSK) PT Lowered to C$35.00 at GMP Securities Barclays PLC Boosts National Bank of Canada (NA) Price Target to C$59.00 Scotiabank Raises Lydian International Ltd. (LYD) Price Target to C$0.95 Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NDQ) Given New C$16.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Transcontinental Realty Investors Inc (TCI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Cloud Peak Energy Inc. (CLD) Coverage Initiated at Jefferies Group LLC Kroger Co (KR) PT Lowered to $34.00 Atlantic Securities Downgrades Snap Inc (SNAP) to Underweight Laureate Education Inc (LAUR) Now Covered by Citigroup Inc Virgin Money Holdings PLC’s (VM) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Utilitywise PLC (UTW) Unilever plc (ULVR) PT Set at GBX 4,300 by Berenberg Bank VF Corp (VFC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.42 on March 20th Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Price Target Cut to GBX 1,670 Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Evoke Pharma Inc (EVOK) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Brokerages Set WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Target Price at $131.89 Cempra Inc (CEMP) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Cempra Inc (NASDAQ:CEMP) was downgraded by equities researchers at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report issued on Monday. They currently have a $3.95 price objective on the stock. Vetr‘s price objective suggests a potential upside of 9.72% from the company’s current price. CEMP has been the topic of several other research reports. Roth Capital downgraded Cempra from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $2.50 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Friday, December 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Cempra in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Cowen and Company downgraded Cempra from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Gabelli downgraded Cempra from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 23rd. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. downgraded Cempra from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $18.00 to $5.00 in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $11.87. Cempra (NASDAQ:CEMP) traded down 1.37% during trading on Monday, reaching $3.60. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 774,958 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $3.26 and its 200 day moving average is $11.77. The company’s market cap is $188.61 million. Cempra has a 12 month low of $2.55 and a 12 month high of $26.95. Cempra (NASDAQ:CEMP) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported ($0.60) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.57) by $0.03. Cempra had a negative net margin of 678.72% and a negative return on equity of 59.94%. The firm earned $7.95 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.19 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.48) EPS. Cempra’s revenue for the quarter was up 37.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Cempra will post ($1.31) EPS for the current fiscal year. This report was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/07/cempra-inc-cemp-downgraded-to-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. In related news, Director Dov A. Md Goldstein sold 105,460 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, January 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $3.40, for a total value of $358,564.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 95 shares in the company, valued at $323. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director Dov A. Md Goldstein sold 937,600 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, January 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $3.41, for a total value of $3,197,216.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 95 shares in the company, valued at approximately $323.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 17.80% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Palo Alto Investors LLC increased its stake in shares of Cempra by 129.3% in the second quarter. Palo Alto Investors LLC now owns 2,787,542 shares of the company’s stock worth $45,967,000 after buying an additional 1,571,709 shares during the period. Hodges Capital Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Cempra during the fourth quarter worth about $2,800,000. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Cempra by 85.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,133,275 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,973,000 after buying an additional 985,427 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Cempra during the fourth quarter worth about $1,711,000. Finally, Peregrine Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Cempra during the third quarter worth about $9,880,000. Institutional investors own 79.92% of the company’s stock. About Cempra Cempra, Inc is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on developing differentiated antibiotics for the acute care and community settings to meet medical needs in the treatment of bacterial infectious diseases, particularly respiratory tract infections and chronic staphylococcal infections. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Cempra Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cempra Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Next » Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.

Emtech IndiaAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Tue, Mar 07 2017. 05 32 AM IST Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund announces final close of $141 million Some of the investors include AXA Impact Fund, FMO, International Finance, JPMorgan Chase, MetLife and funds managed by Triodos Investment Subscribe to our newsletter. Swaraj Singh Dhanjal Accion Frontier Inclusion fund has received capital from an array of institutional investors. Photo: Mint Mumbai: Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund, a global fintech fund managed by Quona Capital, on Monday announced a final close of $141 million, the company said in a statement. A final close is the final threshold for fund raising, after which no new investors can participate in the fund. The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund invests in companies that innovate to expand access to financial services to underserved consumers and businesses in emerging markets. It had announced a first close in end-2015. The fund received capital from an array of institutional investors including global insurance companies, investment banks and asset managers, a university endowment, prominent foundations and family offices, as well as development finance institutions. Some of the investors in the fund include AXA Impact Fund, Dutch development finance institution FMO, world bank arm International Finance Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co., MetLife and funds managed by Triodos Investment Management. The fund’s anchor investor, general partner and sponsor is Accion, a global non-profit. It will focus on emerging markets in sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America and Asia (with a particular emphasis on India and Southeast Asia) that have demonstrated the greatest potential for inclusive fintech, the statement said. Focus areas for the fund include alternative credit, payments, small and medium enterprise (SME) finance and insurance-tech. Till date, the fund has made three investments in India. These include NeoGrowth, which offers card and other electronic payments receivables financing to SMEs in India; IndiaMART, India’s largest B2B listing and transactions platform for SMEs; and CreditMantri, a credit advisory platform in India, utilizing traditional and alternative data to provide consumers enhanced credit profiles and access to improved credit options. “Three billion people are left out of, or poorly served by, the global financial system. The Accion Frontier Inclusion Fund—the world’s first global fintech fund for the underserved—will help address this,” said Michael Schlein, chief executive officer and president of Accion. The fund will support innovators using new technologies to help create a financial system that works for everyone, he said. “By focusing on both social impact and financial returns, we believe the Fund shows the importance of harnessing the capital markets to solve society’s most challenging problems,” added Schlein. Some of the other ventures the fund has includes Konfio, which uses data analytics and is an online platform to deliver affordable working capital loans to micro-businesses in Mexico; Creditas, a provider of secured home and auto equity loan solutions for the emerging middle class in Brazil; and Coins, a mobile payments platform leveraging blockchain to provide a comprehensive suite of services for low-income consumers in the Philippines. Swaraj Singh Dhanjal Topics: Accion Frontier fund fintech insurance-tech Quona Capital More From Livemint READ MORE NASA plans to create ‘coolest spot in universe’ Traders, confident of BJP win in Uttar Pradesh elections, shun hedges Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file 6 reports of Multi-Agency Group First Published: Mon, Mar 06 2017. 01 31 PM IST Editor's Picks Using Economic Survey 2016-17 to gauge demonetisation impact on GDP growth Traders, confident of BJP win in Uttar Pradesh elections, shun hedges Donald Trump’s new travel order applies to those seeking new US visas Latest News Panama papers case: SC asks Centre to file 6 reports of Multi-Agency Group India may mandate use of local steel for $59 billion infrastructure spend H1-B visa row: Concerns conveyed to US at a senior level, says Ravi Shankar Prasad United Breweries files appeal against winding-up order Music Broadcast IPO oversubscribed on second day Mint On Sunday Dance Dance Goa Revolution The rediscovery of kasundi First, we need to ask ‘Why’ Of India’s military exploits abroad Letter from... a scanning machine TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Business Markets Stocks close lower as March rate hike becomes more likely Financials, which were the biggest post-election gainers, dropped 0.6% to drag the S&P 500. By Nicole Rojas March 7, 2017 00:29 GMT A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York on 6 March 2017REUTERS/Brendan McDermid US stocks finished down Monday (6 March), off session lows, as geopolitical concerns rose and the realisation of a interest rate hike became clearer. Markets took a negative turn following reports that North Korea tested four ballistic missiles off of its east coast early in the day. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, dropped 51.37 points, or 0.2%, to settle at 20,954.34. MarketWatch noted it was the first time the blue-chips gauge closed below 21,000 since clearing the milestone on Wednesday (1 March). Declines were let by shares of Travelers Cos and JP Morgan Chase & Co. The S&P 500 finished down 7.81 points, or 0.3%, at 2,375.31. Ten of the index's 11 primary sectors closed in the red, with financials and materials leading decliners. The financials sector, which had been the biggest post election gainer, dropped 0.6% and materials fell 0.7%. According to MarketWatch, the energy sector was the only sector to close in the green, rising 0.3%. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite declined 21.58 points, or 0.4%, to finish at 5,849.17. CME Group's FedWatch tool noted that market expectations for an interest rate hike were 86.4% on Monday, up from 30% this time last week. The Federal Reserve's monetary policy committee is scheduled to meet between 14 and 15 March. "The March rate hike doesn't matter. What matters is how many times they raise," Jeremy Klein, chief market strategist at FBN Securities, told CNBC. "If they stay at three times [for this year], then the market will be fine." CNBC noted that the only possibly obstacle for the Fed to raise the rates in March is the February jobs report, due to be released on Friday (10 March). Adding to investors' concerns is the proposed replacement to the Affordable Care Act (ACA) that congressional Republicans are expected to unveil sometime this week. "The market is waiting to see the specifics of that, its clarity, and how it's going to be implemented," Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial, told MarketWatch. Investors are also monitoring the geopolitical ramifications of North Korea firing ballistic missiles on Monday. Three of the four missiles landed in Japan's exclusive economic zone, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe confirmed. The US Dollar Index rose 0.1%, while gold settled down less than 0.1% at $1,225.50 (£1,001.39) an ounce. Oil prices also settled down 0.2% at $53.20 (£43.47) after Friday's (3 March) data from Baker Hughes Inc revealed another rise in the US rig count, MarketWatch reported. More from IBTimes UK Trump delighted as ExxonMobil unveils mammoth investment in US Gulf Coast refining Oil prices flat as IEA official, Fitch Ratings warn of fresh supply glut 'Second wave' of US shale-inspired oil glut around the corner, warns IEA's Fatih Birol Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close General Motors agrees €2.2bn Peugeot deal but Vauxhall fears job cuts Columnists Armand Arton “Trump's travel ban has backfired - Mexican passports could soon be worth more than American READ MORE Asian markets mixed following poor Wall Street performance Reserve Bank of Australia leaving cash rates unchanged had a positive... UK oil and gas production rises while unit costs improve UK oil and gas output increased 5% on-year to 1.73 million barrels of... Paddy Power Betfair merger delivers mixed bag of results Bookmaker posts £5.7bn loss due to costs related to the merger but... Qtum blockchain releases new white paper for mobile apps and ties up with PwC in Asia Qtum has released: 'Smart-Contract Value-Transfer Protocols on a... Direct Line sees profit tumble after changes to personal injury payments Britain's largest motor insurer also cuts dividend payouts by half... UK retail growth subdued in February as non-food sales decline for first time since 2011 – report While total sales grew 0.4% on-year in February, like-for-like sales... Stocks close lower as March rate hike becomes more likely Financials, which were the biggest post-election gainers, dropped... ExxonMobil unveils mammoth investment in US Gulf Coast refining in move sure to delight Trump World's largest publicly listed oil and gas producer unveils... Oil prices flat as IEA official, Fitch Ratings warn of fresh supply glut Russia sounds non-committal on extending oil production cuts beyond... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Kawhi outplays 'The Beard' down the stretch to lead Spurs' wild Texas' defensive line an area of concern for Tom Herman H.S. softball: E-N Area rankings, top players, March 6 How the oil industry got its groove back Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Accused killer to witnesses: “Ya’ll don’t know why I had to Former San Antonio cops get prison in sex scam case San Antonio mayor, two challengers to square off at Trinity San Antonio hit man set to be executed US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News UN chief in Somalia on emergency visit to focus on famine Iraqi forces storm Mosul government complex, then pull back US moves parts of controversial missile defense to SKorea Transgender Virginia student: Ruling leaves kids in limbo Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases How the oil industry got its groove back ‘Hog apocalypse’ plan backed by Texas’ Miller on hold for Economist: Oil prices are more important than bathroom access BCFS Health and Human Services gives notice of possible layoffs Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Postgame Wrap: Is Leonard’s performance vs. Rockets his best Monday’s high school soccer, baseball, basketball results Another monster game for Kawhi boosts MVP candidacy Bogut's Cavs debut ends with broken tibia Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Sukaban brings sushi & Champagne to Southtown San Antonio restaurant inspections: March 3, 2017 This Dr Pepper beef jerky recipe provides 'sweet heat' Here's a sneak peek at NOLA Brunch & Beignets Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Fun things to see and do in San Antonio this week Death certificate reveals Bill Paxton's cause of death Tobin Center announces Clint Black, more upcoming shows 'Walking Dead' podcast & photos: Oh, that crazy couple and their Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Study finds children keep moms up at night—but not dads San Antonio Zoo leaving chance to name 'otterly' adorable otter DC-based for decades, Apollo 11 capsule to go on road trip Arkansas — the ‘Natural State’ — offers a wealth of Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Taking lies to an entirely different level Trump speech was coherent — and still lacking Your Turn: March 7 Get to bottom of Russian meddling Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews GMC’s midsize Canyon pickup adds luxury Denali crew cab model Pathfinder offers 7-passenger seating in a well-equipped, stylish Cadillac offers the all-new XT5 midsize CUV for 2017; prices Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features The Latest: GM may exit other markets if they can't be fixed Yellen signals the Fed will likely raise rates this month Global stocks mostly lower as investors await Fed speech Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Open houses in the San Antonio area this weekend San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery Sitterle New Homes ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/local/article/Economist-Oil-prices-are-more-important-than-10981504.php Economist: Oil prices are more important than bathroom access bill By David Hendricks Updated 6:17 pm, Monday, March 6, 2017 Photo: David Hendricks Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Chase Head Economist Jim Glassman says the Texas and U.S. economies continue to show improvement. Chase Head Economist Jim Glassman says the Texas and U.S. economies continue to show improvement. Photo: David Hendricks Economist: Oil prices are more important than bathroom access bill 1 / 1 Back to Gallery The pending transgender bathroom bill in Texas might hold back the state’s economy, but it wouldn’t wreck it because stable energy prices are driving the state economy forward, a senior economist for JPMorgan Chase & Co. said Monday in San Antonio. “These issues pop up, but Texas has a really strong economy — energy, international trade, technology,” said Jim Glassman said at a luncheon for about three dozen of the bank’s commercial banking customers at Fleming’s Prime Steakhouse in San Antonio. The issue has become a lightening rod for business leaders across the U.S. as major corporations pull business and large events from states that have adopted laws civil rights leaders say are discriminatory. “It could be a drag on the state,” Glassman said in an interview following his speech. Improving oil prices, however, would likely offset any damage in Texas, Glassman said. “The big relief in Texas is that oil hasn’t gone to zero,” Glassman said, predicting oil at $55 a barrel by the end of 2017, rising to $60 in 2018. Crude prices, which bottomed out at around $26 a barrel about a year ago, closed at about $53 a barrel Monday. Click here to read the full article at: www.expressnews.com. dhendricks@express-news.net The Latest Accused killer: “Ya’ll don’t know why I had to shoot” Leonard's heroics enable Spurs win Boaters found her in a river 15 years ago, still no one knows... Deputies arrest 7 in 2 raids in El Paso Garbage, mounds of feces waist-high in S.A.-area home Country superstar Jason Aldean selling Tennessee hunting lodge First 100 days: Every outfit Melania and Ivanka have worn (so... ‘It’s been hell,’ Marquise Jones’ aunt says as she... Herman will hold off on naming Texas' starting quarterback BCFS Health and Human Services gives notice of possible layoffs Cozy cottage in Dripping Springs near Austin comes with... 'Architectural masterpiece' in King William for sale Alamo Heights mansion selling for $4.9M For sale: 15 unique S.A. homes Spurs art transforms S.A. biz from hideout to standout 14 things to know about Spurs newest fan fav Rising star added to the list of celeb Spurs fans 'El Pendejo' Trump Fiesta medals sell 'like hotcakes' 14 ways to be the best Fiesta San Antonio partier Lies we tell ourselves at Fiesta Photos: Sunday show brings zest to S.A. music scene Blue Star was the place to be First Friday Posh soiree filled the Witte with disco and dinosaurs Recent Breaking News BCSO: Man wielded machete in theft of front-loader after... S.A. man accused of sexually assaulting 3 sisters 'for years'... Teen, unborn child killed on Northwest Side; suspected gunman... Most Popular 1 Teen, unborn child killed on Northwest Side; suspected gunman... 2 S.A. attorney's 'El Pendejo' Trump Fiesta medals sell 'like... 3 Former San Antonio cops get prison in sex scam case 4 Human remains found inside Houston house 5 Death certificate reveals Bill Paxton's cause of death 6 San Antonio hit man set to be executed 7 Story of Alamo still changing Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    San Antonio Business news & alerts    Real Estate news & listings    Career news & job listings    Auto news & listings    Breaking news    Today's Deals from DealNews EMAIL: Click here to sign up for News, Sports and more Email Alerts. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A tiny London firm run by a couple of 30-somethings won a slice of Snap's IPO at the last minute Matt Turner Mar. 3, 2017, 2:17 PM 24,441 facebook linkedin twitter email print Drew Angerer/Getty Snap Inc. just raised a greater-than-expected $3.4 billion in the largest US tech initial public offering in over two years. Given that the typical IPO raises less than $500 million, pulling off a sale of this size takes a lot of work. Naturally, Snap drafted some heavyweight banks with huge sales forces for the job. Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs led the deal, along with a long list of banks including the likes of JPMorgan, Allen & Company, and UBS. But the list also includes a less familiar name: Connaught (UK) Limited. Connaught, a small London firm set up in 2014, wasn't named in Snap's first IPO filing in early February. But it did appear in Snap's updated filing just a few days ago. It is listed as having sold 307,692 shares, worth about $5.2 million at the IPO price of $17. There's not a lot of information out there about Connaught. It has a basic website with a mailing address and an email address. It was incorporated December 29, 2014, and has three directors: Ian Osborne, Alex Usher-Smith, and Dr. Marcel Reichart. Osborne and Usher-Smith, ages 33 and 35, specialize in advising tech, media, and internet companies. Osborne set up Osborne & Partners, an international strategic advisory firm that once hosted a Davos, Switzerland, party with tech billionaire Sean Parker and Salesforce.com CEO Marc Benioff. Usher-Smith is a former Lazard and Greenhill banker. Reichart is the executive vice president of digital development and partnerships at the German media company Bertelsmann, according to his LinkedIn profile. The role on the Snap IPO is a coup for the firm, which has fewer than 10 employees, according to its LinkedIn profile. Connaught is not a US registered broker-dealer, and so any shares it sold in the US had to pass through Global Alliance Securities. Osborne and Usher-Smith did not return messages seeking comment in time for publication. Snap S1 NOW WATCH: Despite the negative stigma, payday loans are not much different from credit cards Loading video... More: SNAP facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A tiny London firm run by a couple of 30-somethings won a slice of Snap's IPO at the last minute A tiny London firm run by a couple of 30-somethings won a slice of Snap's IPO at the last minute Snap Inc. just raised a greater-than-expected... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Receives $139.53 Average PT from Brokerages BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Paddy Power Betfair Plc’s (PPB) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Mitie Group PLC (MTO) Downgraded to Underperform at Jefferies Group LLC Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) Price Target Cut to C$11.00 Noranda Income Fund (NIF.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st March 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) announced a quarterly dividend on Thursday, February 23rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th will be given a dividend of 0.36 per share on Friday, March 31st. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.37%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 8th. This is an increase from Outfront Media’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.34. Shares of Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) opened at 26.84 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.72 billion, a PE ratio of 40.73 and a beta of 1.28. Outfront Media has a 1-year low of $20.00 and a 1-year high of $27.89. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $26.83 and its 200 day moving average is $24.15. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.19. Outfront Media had a negative net margin of 0.63% and a negative return on equity of 0.79%. The company earned $397.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $392.43 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.55 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Outfront Media will post $0.81 EPS for the current fiscal year. “Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/07/outfront-media-inc-out-to-issue-quarterly-dividend-of-0-36-on-march-31st.html. Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on OUT shares. Wells Fargo & Co raised shares of Outfront Media from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $23.00 to $28.00 in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Outfront Media from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, November 10th. TheStreet raised shares of Outfront Media from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Outfront Media from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $26.00 to $28.00 in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded shares of Outfront Media from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $27.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $29.43. About Outfront Media OUTFRONT Media Inc, formerly CBS Outdoor Americas Inc, is a provider of advertising space on out-of-home advertising structures and sites across the United States, Canada and Latin America. The Company’s inventory consists of billboard displays and transit advertising displays. It operates through two segments. Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Evolent Health Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evolent Health Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Canadian Apartment Properties REIT (CAR.UN) Price Target Raised to C$36.00 Bank of Montreal (BMO) Price Target Raised to C$110.00 CIBC Boosts Avigilon Corp (AVO) Price Target to C$18.00 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Pure Storage (PSTG) Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Daimler AG (DDAIF) Given $74.94 Average Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $1.50 Price Target for UQM Technologies Inc (UQM) Tucows Inc. (TCX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Arotech Co. (ARTX) Given $4.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Bernard D. Berman Purchases 15,000 Shares of Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Stock Thomas L. Carter, Jr. Purchases 14,000 Shares of Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Stock Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Stock Rating Upgraded by CIBC Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPH) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms Buy Rating for Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 7th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Cantor Fitzgerald reissued their buy rating on shares of Evolent Health Inc (NYSE:EVH) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. Cantor Fitzgerald currently has a $26.00 target price on the stock. “4Q16 results were solid. Adjusted 4Q16 revenue of $90 million (+92.6% y/y) was above consensus expectations of $85.3 million. Revenue included contributions from Valence and Aldera. Revenue growth was driven by contributions from Valence and Aldera and by an increase in the number of lives on the company’s platform. The number of lives grew 181.5% y/y, reaching about 2.0 million lives in 4Q16. EVH also added another 600,000 lives to the platform in January 2017. Adjusted transformation revenue of $12.1 million increased 12% y/y. Transformation revenue can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter due to the timing of customer contracts and the scope of delivery. Adjusted platform and operation revenue of $77.9 million (+116.8%) benefited from an increased number of lives on the platform. Average PMPM was $12.87 in 4Q16 vs. $16.70.”,” Cantor Fitzgerald’s analyst commented. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Evolent Health from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $22.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $28.00 price target on Evolent Health and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 16th. Canaccord Genuity restated a buy rating and set a $31.00 price target on shares of Evolent Health in a research note on Sunday, November 13th. Leerink Swann set a $24.00 target price on Evolent Health and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a hold rating on shares of Evolent Health in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Evolent Health has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $26.71. Shares of Evolent Health (NYSE:EVH) opened at 19.65 on Wednesday. Evolent Health has a 52-week low of $9.51 and a 52-week high of $26.84. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $19.08 and its 200 day moving average is $20.19. The company’s market cap is $1.03 billion. Evolent Health (NYSE:EVH) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported ($0.18) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.20) by $0.02. Evolent Health had a negative return on equity of 5.54% and a negative net margin of 69.04%. The business had revenue of $88 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $84.98 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.05) earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 90.9% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Evolent Health will post ($0.41) EPS for the current year. This piece of content was first published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/07/cantor-fitzgerald-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-evolent-health-inc-evh.html. In related news, President Seth Blackley sold 30,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.98, for a total value of $539,400.00. Following the sale, the president now owns 854,848 shares in the company, valued at $15,370,167.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. 8.85% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Capital World Investors raised its stake in shares of Evolent Health by 749.7% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 1,370,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $33,729,000 after buying an additional 1,208,762 shares in the last quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Evolent Health during the third quarter worth approximately $26,294,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Evolent Health by 60.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,142,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $52,755,000 after buying an additional 804,562 shares in the last quarter. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Evolent Health during the third quarter worth approximately $13,018,000. Finally, Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Evolent Health during the fourth quarter worth approximately $6,809,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 52.14% of the company’s stock. About Evolent Health Evolent Health, Inc supports integrated health systems in their migration towards value-based care and population health management. The Company’s services include providing customers with a population management platform, integrated data and analytics capabilities, pharmacy benefit management services and health plan administration services. Receive News & Ratings for Evolent Health Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evolent Health Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Next » Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Downgraded to “Equal Weight” at Barclays PLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arrow Global Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird South32 Ltd (S32) Upgraded by HSBC Holdings plc to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) to Hold Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Go-Ahead Group plc (GOG) Interserve plc (IRV) PT Lowered to GBX 300 at Jefferies Group LLC BT Group plc (BT) Earns “Sell” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.99 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Stewart Hamilton Purchases 52 Shares of Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Stock March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) insider Stewart Hamilton bought 52 shares of Arrow Global Group PLC stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 292 ($3.57) per share, with a total value of £151.84 ($185.71). Stewart Hamilton also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, January 31st, Stewart Hamilton bought 48 shares of Arrow Global Group PLC stock. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 367 ($4.49) per share, with a total value of £176.16 ($215.46). On Thursday, December 29th, Stewart Hamilton bought 50 shares of Arrow Global Group PLC stock. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 298 ($3.64) per share, with a total value of £149 ($182.24). Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) opened at 314.50 on Tuesday. Arrow Global Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 168.66 and a 52 week high of GBX 339.18. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 309.88 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 293.72. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 548.40 million. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a GBX 6.40 ($0.08) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.97%. This is an increase from Arrow Global Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 8th. This story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/06/stewart-hamilton-purchases-52-shares-of-arrow-global-group-plc-arw-stock.html. Several equities analysts have recently commented on ARW shares. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reduced their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 375 ($4.59) to GBX 365 ($4.46) and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, November 14th. Numis Securities Ltd restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 405 ($4.95) price objective on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 330 ($4.04) to GBX 350 ($4.28) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Peel Hunt restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 340 ($4.16) price objective on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Finally, Macquarie raised their price objective on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.10) to GBX 350 ($4.28) and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 365.67 ($4.47). About Arrow Global Group PLC Arrow Global Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based purchaser and manager of debt that uses data and analytics to acquire and manage debt portfolios from financial institutions and other credit providers. The Company is a provider of receivable management solutions. The Company is engaged in the purchase and collection of non-performing loans (NPLs). Receive News & Ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global FinTech Marketplace: Technologies, Applications, and Services 2017 - 2022 News provided by ReportBuyer Mar 06, 2017, 20:37 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ew: Financial Technology (FinTech) represents both a highly disruptive challenge for incumbent financial institutions as a transformational opportunity for new market entrants as well as currently entrenched constituents in the ecosystem. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4754720/ All indications point towards the need for substantial change in the financial sector, driven by major macro forces such as the complete digitization of money (e.g. paper and coin money to become nearly extinct) as well as cultural changes such as the general acceptance of online and mobile banking, alternative banking providers, and peer-to-peer payments to name a few. There are many existing technologies being repurposed within the FinTech arena, but there are also a few important new technology development areas. One of the big opportunities for FinTech is Big Data and predictive analytics solutions, which are poised to optimize the value of data within the financial services sector. Big Data technologies and related business intelligence solutions provide financial services firms with the capability to capture and analyze data, build predictive models, back-test and simulate scenarios. Through iteration, firms will determine the most important variables and also key predictive models. This research provides a comparative analysis between the legacy financial system and emerging FinTech solutions including disruption, potential benefits, and challenges. The Report evaluates the evolving FinTech market ecosystem including startups, banks, investment companies, insurance companies, and non-financial organizations. The report analyzes the global impact of FinTech and the outlook for specific regions. The report provides forecasts for the period 2017 - 2022. All purchases of Mind Commerce reports includes time with an expert analyst who will help you link key findings in the report to the business issues you're addressing. This needs to be used within three months of purchasing the report. Target Audience: FinTech companies Mobile service providers Big Data and analytics providers Finance regulatory and policy makers Cloud and physical infrastructure providers Financial services companies and personnel Organizations investing in the financial services Companies in Report: 21 INC Acorns Addepar Adyen Affirm Algomi Alibaba Allstate Ally Alphasense Amazon Payments American Express Amex, MasterCard and Visa Angellist Apple Atom Bank Australasian Wealth Investments (AWI) Avant Azimo Barclays BBVA Betterment Billfloat Bitcoin Braintree C2FO Capital One 360 Chain.com Charles Schwab China Rapid Finance Circleup Citi Coinbase Credit Karma CrowdCube Digit Dwolla Earnest Equityzen Estimize Facebook Fidelity Financial Innovation Now Fundbox Fundera Fundrise Goldman Sachs Google Hello Wallet HSBC IEX JPMorgan Chase Kabbage Kensho Kickstarter Klarna Kreditech L2C Inc Learnvest Lending Club LendingRobot Level Money Lufax Metromile Money.net Motif Moven Nav Number26 OnDeck Oscar PayNearMe PayPal Personal Capital Plaid Premise Data Prosper Quantopian R3CEV Reinventure Ripple Riskalyze Robinhood Samsung Pay Santander Securekey Simple SocietyOne SOFI Square Stellar Stripe Transferwise Trueaccord Trueex Tyro Payments UBS Vanguard Vouch WealthFront Wells Fargo Western Union WorldRemit XAPO Xignite Zenefits ZestFinance Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4754720/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-fintech-marketplace-technologies-applications-and-services-2017---2022-300418883.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Mar 06, 2017, 20:38 ET Preview: Chillers Market by Type, by End-Use Industry, and by Region - Global Forecast to 2021 Mar 06, 2017, 20:33 ET Preview: Hutchison MediPharma Ltd - Product Pipeline Review - 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 21:59 ETPrecision Farming Technologies and Global Markets Mar 06, 2017, 21:57 ETBionics: Technologies and Global Markets Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global FinTech Marketplace: Technologies, Applications, and Services 2017 - 2022 News provided by ReportBuyer Mar 06, 2017, 20:37 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global FinTech Marketplace: Technologies, Applications, and Services 2017 - 2022 By Published: Mar 6, 2017 8:37 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, March 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ew: Financial Technology (FinTech) represents both a highly disruptive challenge for incumbent financial institutions as a transformational opportunity for new market entrants as well as currently entrenched constituents in the ecosystem. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4754720/ All indications point towards the need for substantial change in the financial sector, driven by major macro forces such as the complete digitization of money (e.g. paper and coin money to become nearly extinct) as well as cultural changes such as the general acceptance of online and mobile banking, alternative banking providers, and peer-to-peer payments to name a few. There are many existing technologies being repurposed within the FinTech arena, but there are also a few important new technology development areas. One of the big opportunities for FinTech is Big Data and predictive analytics solutions, which are poised to optimize the value of data within the financial services sector. Big Data technologies and related business intelligence solutions provide financial services firms with the capability to capture and analyze data, build predictive models, back-test and simulate scenarios. Through iteration, firms will determine the most important variables and also key predictive models. This research provides a comparative analysis between the legacy financial system and emerging FinTech solutions including disruption, potential benefits, and challenges. The Report evaluates the evolving FinTech market ecosystem including startups, banks, investment companies, insurance companies, and non-financial organizations. The report analyzes the global impact of FinTech and the outlook for specific regions. The report provides forecasts for the period 2017 - 2022. All purchases of Mind Commerce reports includes time with an expert analyst who will help you link key findings in the report to the business issues you're addressing. This needs to be used within three months of purchasing the report. Target Audience: FinTech companies Mobile service providers Big Data and analytics providers Finance regulatory and policy makers Cloud and physical infrastructure providers Financial services companies and personnel Organizations investing in the financial services Companies in Report: 21 INC Acorns Addepar Adyen Affirm Algomi Alibaba Allstate Ally Alphasense Amazon Payments American Express Amex, MasterCard and Visa Angellist Apple Atom Bank Australasian Wealth Investments (AWI) Avant Azimo Barclays BBVA Betterment Billfloat Bitcoin Braintree C2FO Capital One 360 Chain.com Charles Schwab China Rapid Finance Circleup Citi Coinbase Credit Karma CrowdCube Digit Dwolla Earnest Equityzen Estimize Facebook Fidelity Financial Innovation Now Fundbox Fundera Fundrise Goldman Sachs Google Hello Wallet HSBC IEX JPMorgan Chase Kabbage Kensho Kickstarter Klarna Kreditech L2C Inc Learnvest Lending Club LendingRobot Level Money Lufax Metromile Money.net Motif Moven Nav Number26 OnDeck Oscar PayNearMe PayPal Personal Capital Plaid Premise Data Prosper Quantopian R3CEV Reinventure Ripple Riskalyze Robinhood Samsung Pay Santander Securekey Simple SocietyOne SOFI Square Stellar Stripe Transferwise Trueaccord Trueex Tyro Payments UBS Vanguard Vouch WealthFront Wells Fargo Western Union WorldRemit XAPO Xignite Zenefits ZestFinance Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4754720/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-fintech-marketplace-technologies-applications-and-services-2017---2022-300418883.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business GDP is not enough: economists and businesses demand new measure of inclusive growth National figures on economic growth fail to take into account of regional variations and ignore quality of life, such as the gap in life expectancy between Surrey and the north east of England, the Inclusive Growth Commission warned Credit:  ANDREW YATES/AFP Tim Wallace 7 March 2017 • 12:01am The quality of economic growth needs to be measured, not just the quantity, if the government is to understand exactly how GDP growth affects people up and down the country, economists have proposed. Growth varies across the country with jobs and wages distributed unevenly, so the Inclusive Growth Commission (ICG) and the Royal Society for the encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce want the Office for National Statistics (ONS) to publish figures on quality of life alongside GDP numbers. “Traditional metrics of economic performance, such as GDP or at a regional level gross value added (GVA), are a poor guide to social and economic welfare,” said the ICG’s report. “They also do not tell us anything about how the opportunities and benefits of growth are distributed across different spatial areas and social or income groups. Nor do they do a good job of tracking structural economic change, the sustainability of growth, or the human impact of shifts in the labour market.” The Commission is headed by Stephanie Flanders, JP Morgan's chief market strategist and the former BBC economics editor Credit: Clara Molden Local productivity, local incomes, the distribution of earnings, pay changes for the lowest paid and levels of regional economic inactivity could all form part of this new inclusive growth metric, said the ICG which is chaired by Stephanie Flanders, JP Morgan’s chief market strategist. The Commission also includes former Rolls-Royce chief executive Sir John Rose and London School of Economics professor Henry Overman. The recommendation comes at a time when the ONS is looking for ways to beef up its capabilities. Other official bodies including the Bank of England are also trying to improve their forecasting models. One problem linked to the idea of inclusive growth is that the economy has been growing and unemployment has been falling, yet wage growth has remained muted. Bank of England officials are studying the problem closely, recalibrating their theories of slack in the economy and examining sources of wage growth. Extra detail from the ONS on inclusive growth could help to shed light on the variance in pay and jobs in different parts of the country and the labour market. The IGC also recommends the Chancellor merge a series of initiatives including the Local Growth Fund and the Life Chances Investment Fund into one Inclusive Growth Investment Fund, with a combined budget of £3.8bn per year. As a result it could better coordinate investment to target the proposed new measure of inclusive growth, the IGC suggests. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: UK economy Show more Business latest 07 Mar 2017, 9:34am Live Pound drops to seven-week low and European shares slip after German factory orders suffer worst month since financial crisis 07 Mar 2017, 9:24am More than 800 jobs to be lost as Budgens closes 34 stores  07 Mar 2017, 9:01am Switch is 'fastest-selling console in Nintendo's history' 01:39 07 Mar 2017, 7:36am When is the Budget? Predictions and what we can expect from Philip Hammond's speech 07 Mar 2017, 6:58am Questor: this 7.2pc yield is not all that it seems – beware the Game Digital value trap  Premium 07 Mar 2017, 12:01am North Sea 'urgently needs fresh capital' before 2020 cliff edge 07 Mar 2017, 12:01am Consumer boom at an end as prices rise and shoppers cut back  06 Mar 2017, 10:21pm Compare The Market owner BGL relaxed on float after year's record start 06 Mar 2017, 9:25pm Comment: Curbing food waste saves money, as well as the planet Dave Lewis Premium 06 Mar 2017, 8:57pm Comment: Aberdeen and Standard Life spread Scotch mist over deal Christopher Williams Premium 06 Mar 2017, 8:00pm Business rates 'winners' still losing due to inadequate Government scheme 06 Mar 2017, 6:58pm £11bn Standard Life and Aberdeen merger driven by weakness, analysts warn 06 Mar 2017, 6:44pm Smith & Nephew slashes chief's pay following investor revolt 06 Mar 2017, 6:35pm KPMG's UK boss Simon Collins loses out in race to become global chairman of accounting giant 06 Mar 2017, 5:42pm FTSE 100 falters and pound skids towards $1.22 as investors focus on flurry of M&A activity 06 Mar 2017, 5:32pm Apple loses battle to avoid UK import taxes on watch straps  06 Mar 2017, 5:14pm 'Hard' Brexit would be good news for Vauxhall 06 Mar 2017, 4:01pm Explorer Bowleven hopes oilfield deal will see off shareholder rebellion 06 Mar 2017, 3:55pm Dreams posts record results as it gears up for stock market listing 06 Mar 2017, 3:46pm Barratt sells £140m of London homes amid slowing sales in the capital 06 Mar 2017, 3:34pm British Land raises pay for parental leave to encourage women back to work If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Asia Stocks Rise as Markets Await U.S. Jobs Data ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Asia Stocks Rise as Markets Await U.S. Jobs Data Published March 07, 2017 Markets Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print (Reuters) Markets in Asia largely recovered from a Deutsche Bank-led decline in financial stocks in the morning, as attention moved to Friday's release of U.S. jobs data.  Continue Reading Below Australia's S&P/ASX 200 reversed early declines to trade up 0.3%, though mining stocks continue to be weighed down by softer commodity prices. BHP Billiton traded 0.9% lower while Rio Tinto dipped 0.8%.  Iron-ore and steel futures in China fell as concerns lingered about Beijing's plans to cut steel-mill capacity in the country. Higher steel prices during the Lunar New Year have resulted in increased output, even as housing-sector demand for steel slows.  Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index added 0.4% while the Shanghai Composite declined 0.1%.  Korea's Kospi advanced 0.6%, recovering from Monday morning's one-month low brought on by North Korea's missile tests and China's ban on tour groups to South Korea.  "Stocks in Asia have been up strongly on earnings expectations," with some of that enthusiasm tapering off at the end of earnings season, said Hao Hong, head of research at BOCOM International Securities. The market's focus will move to the release of U.S. jobs data on Friday, he said.  Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Strong numbers would all but confirm a March interest-rate increase by the U.S. Federal Reserve. That would indicate the U.S. economy is in good shape, which would be good for Asian stocks. However, a rapid U.S. rate-increase cycle might trigger capital outflows from Asian emerging markets to higher-yielding U.S. assets, which would be bad for Asian stocks.  The specific concern for traders this week, however, is about the immediate impact on Asian stocks most exposed to U.S. rate changes, such as banks and insurers.  "With the jobs data due Friday, you are going to see a lot of volatility in interest-rate sensitive stocks," said Andrew Sullivan, managing director of sales trading at Haitong Securities International.  Higher U.S. rates could also see some Asian currencies weaken against the dollar. That is keeping traders on alert, making regional currencies more volatile than usual.  On Tuesday, the Reserve Bank of Australia left its cash rate target unchanged at 1.50% while citing low inflation and medium-term risks to growth in China, a big consumer of its raw-material exports.  The Aussie dollar fell 0.24% in the five minutes after the decision was announced before recovering. The moves reflected an unwinding of hedge-fund positions taken ahead of the RBA decision, said Sean Callow, a senior currency strategist at Westpac in Sydney.  Meanwhile, unclear signals from the Bank of Japan keep traders there on tenterhooks, said Amir Anvarzadeh, the global head of Japan equity sales at BGC Partners. "People want to see the BOJ introduce a steeper yield curve," he said, referring to a policy to keep yields on long-dated Japan government bonds firmly above zero.  The interest-rate gap between the U.S. and Japan is set to increase, said Takuji Aida, chief economist for Japan at Société Générale, which will hit the yen. He expects the dollar to buy 120 yen by the end of this year, from 113.90 yen in Tuesday's trade.  Early in the session, financial stocks in Asia were roiled by overnight declines in sector bellwethers. J.P. Morgan Chase ended 1% down in New York, taking the Dow Jones Industrial Average lower by 0.2%. The selling in financial stocks began Monday, with Deutsche Bank ending down 7.9% in Frankfurt as the market digested news that the company was seeking 8 billion euros ($8.5 billion) in cash from shareholders.  Malaysia's benchmark stock index was largely unmoved despite rising tensions over the killing of Kim Jong Nam, the half brother of North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport in February. On Tuesday, Pyongyang temporarily banned Malaysians from leaving North Korea, and Malaysia responded with its own departure ban.  Biman Mukherji and Kosaku Narioka contributed to this article.  Write to Kenan Machado at kenan.machado@wsj.com Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
