WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's MFQ How to Sidestep Common Investment Mistakes Behavioral-finance fund managers capitalize on the errors investors routinely make. Some do it surprisingly well—but not always at low cost. By Lewis Braham Biography April 8, 2017 12:50 a.m. ET Economists still theorize about “rational actors.” But by now most financial academics have grudgingly accepted the notion that investors aren’t rational. Psychologist Daniel Kahneman won a 2002 Nobel Prize for his behavioral-economics research, and Michael Lewis recently published The Undoing Project, a best-selling book that has rocked efficient-market theorists to their core. But can Kahneman’s theories actually beat the market? There are now 24 mutual funds practicing behavioral-finance techniques, with mixed results.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s MacBook Trouble is a Cautionary Tale Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Gold Will Remain in a Bear Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. AT&T, Straight Path: Two Things You Have to Know Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Chevron Stock Seen Reaching $147 Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Trumpless Side of This Stock Market Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Amazon Is On a Roll 2 The Best ETFs for 5% Yields 3 Housing Prices Soar in Millennial Cities Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Research Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? IBD Industry Themes Dow's JPMorgan, Citigroup, Wells Fargo To Report Q1: What To Watch Earnings reports from top banks like JPMorgan come as expectations grow a little more conservative for trading revenue overall and loan growth in the finance sector. (Roman Tiraspolsky/Shutterstock.com) BILL PETERS 4/11/2017 Reprints Dow component JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and two other big banks, Citigroup (C) and Wells Fargo (WFC), report first-quarter earnings on Thursday, as higher rates from the Fed seem likely while President Trump's legislative agenda stalls. Broadly, analysts see a decent first quarter for the banks. But maybe not as decent as once expected as the postelection "animal spirits" that pushed the Dow Jones industrial average higher become tamer. The Fed's actual or planned rate hikes could help banks' net interest margins — the difference between the interest banks make on loans and what they pay to depositors — as those extra costs get passed onto consumers who need credit. Fixed-income trading will also likely be solid. But the GOP's botched attempt to replace the Affordable Care Act has thrown the timing for the administration's other policy goals, like tax cuts and the slashing-away of regulations, up in the air. President Trump on Tuesday said that he may work to end Dodd-Frank rules, but the announcement did nothing for bank stocks. JPMorgan shares dipped 0.2% on the stock market today after seeping through the bottom of a flat base intraday. Citigroup lost 0.4%, and Wells Fargo fell 0.7%. Bank of America (BAC), Dow stock Goldman Sachs (GS) and Morgan Stanley (MS), which report next week, were down less than 1%. The banks' earnings will also come as expectations grow a little more conservative for trading revenue overall and loan growth. Red flags are flying in the auto loan sector as auto sales peter out, and March jobs figures also came in far below estimates. "Commercial borrowers still need clarity from Washington on employee healthcare costs, regulation and tax reform," Keefe, Bruyette & Woods said in a research note on Monday. "So we think many commercial borrowers are on hold until they can get more certainty on these topics." JPMorgan Wall Street expects JPMorgan's first-quarter earnings per share to climb 13% to $1.52, with revenue rising 3% to $24.876 billion. As KBW noted Monday, JPMorgan at its investor day said it expected only a modest bump in trading results. The investment firm said there could be "some noise in the quarter" surrounding credit conditions due to delays in tax refunds. But it said the credit environment overall was likely "benign" and that residential mortgage trends were likely to remain solid. Investors will also be seeking any color from CEO Jamie Dimon on the economic and political climate in the U.S. and abroad. While U.S. banks have capitalized on a retreat from their European counterparts, the U.K.'s move to formally trigger an exit from the European Union could also create upheaval for the financial world. In JPMorgan's annual report, released last week, the bank said it was preparing for a hard exit from the U.K. The company also said it suspected there would "constant pressure" from the European Union "not to 'outsource' services to the United Kingdom but to continue to move people and capabilities into EU subsidiaries." The bank in that report also noted the rising sentiment against globalism. But it said that the U.S. trade agreement with Mexico helped guard the nation against populist anger. And it said "there is no inevitable or compelling reason that China and America have to clash," despite the trade issues between the two nations. The bank also remained optimistic about the U.S., but said "it is clear that something is wrong — and it's holding us back." Wells Fargo Wall Street expects Wells Fargo's EPS to dip 2% to 97 cents, with revenue up 0.5% to $22.309 billion. Wells' results arrive on the heels of a six-month investigation by an oversight committee into the high-pressure sales practices that led to last year's fake-account debacle, in which the bank was accused of creating unauthorized accounts in consumers' names. The bank has settled claims over the matter and ended sales goals in its retail banking division — that is, the division that offers loans and credit cards to people. But it has struggled to regain consumer trust. Openings of consumer checking accounts fell 43% in February. The committee's findings, released Monday, found flaws in the bank's decentralized structure, which it said gave too much independence to leadership that was unwilling to address the problem and foisted blame elsewhere. "It was common to blame employees who violated Wells Fargo's rules without analyzing what caused or motivated them to do so," the report said. "Effect was confused with cause." The bank also announced that it would claw back an additional $75 million total from John Stumpf, the bank's former CEO who stepped down last year, and Carrie Tolstedt, the former head of Wells' community banks. But KBW said the report unearthed nothing new, a positive for the bank, so the scandal could be less of a focus during the earnings call than in months past. The firm also said that Wells' margins could be better than its peers' average. Citigroup Analysts expect Citigroup, which is more internationally exposed than its rivals, to get a 12% boost in EPS to $1.23. Revenue is expected to creep up 1% to $17.763 billion. Some in the analyst community have expressed concerns about Citi's potential vulnerability to growing protectionism. "We believe Citi's emerging market exposure is manageable at this point because we fall in the camp that global reflation will occur and emerging markets risks will not emerge near term," KBW said in its report last week. "In fact," KBW said, "should we see a meaningful pickup in global growth, then emerging market growth could accelerate and that would be a positive for Citi's revenues that are not fully reflected in our estimates." RELATED: Fed Hikes Interest Rates But Doesn't Signal Faster Tightening Pace Banks Among Few S&P 500 Beneficiaries As Higher Rates Loom BILL PETERS | Facebook | @IBD_BPeters Share this: Related news Stocks Seek Direction As Trump Starts Over On Tax Refom 4/10/2017 The White House finally admitted that there's no "phenomenal" tax reform Plan B that's close to being unveiled. 4/10/2017 The White House finally admitted that there's no "phenomenal" tax... These 3 Banking Giants Kick Off Earnings Season: Investing Action Plan Financials In Earnings Spotlight; Bearish Acuity Option Pays Off Banks And Financial Stocks: Latest News And Analysis How The Fed Surprised Markets Again, This Time Hitting Stocks Fed Minutes Gut Stock Market's Early Gains; IPO Leads S&P 500 Citigroup, Wells Fargo Upgraded; Tenet A Buy; Teradyne PT Hiked Stocks Open Higher On Jobs Data; Panera Spikes On Buyout TrumpCare Is Back: Dow Inches Ahead As Pivot To Tax Cuts Is Put On Hold Today's Spotlight IBDs Best Digital Offer Get 5 weeks of actionable insight on the market and stocks with premium access to IBD Digital for just $5. Don’t Miss The MoneyShow Join IBD investing experts for free workshops at Las Vegas and learn more about IBD products. Try MarketSmith Now Free access may be over, but the MarketSmith 4-week trial is still available for just $29.95. More News Apple iPhone Chip Report Hits Dialog, Rattles Supply Chain Which Companies Are Now Outperforming 95% Of All Stocks? See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report (IBD/Shutterstock photo illustration) Best Fund Awards See which mutual funds have beaten the S&P 500 and other benchmarks over the last 1, 3, 5 and 10 years. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Does Trump Want to Break Up These 3 Big Banks? New statements from Trump’s top economic adviser could spell trouble for JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Apr 11, 2017 at 8:28AM There's a deep irony in the post-election bank stock rally: It's been fueled by hope that the Trump administration will ease regulations in the financial services industry, but there's reason to believe the regulatory landscape could get even worse for certain banks under the new president. The banks that would be most affected are JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), and Citigroup (NYSE:C). Not only are these three of the four biggest banks in the country, but they're also all universal banks, meaning they house both commercial and investment banking operations. Former Goldman Sachs President and COO Gary Cohn (left) has intimated that he supports breaking up big banks. Chairman and CEO Lloyd Blankfein is on the right. Image source: Goldman Sachs. A commercial bank makes money principally by taking deposits and lending that money back out, profiting from the difference between its cost of funds and its interest on earning assets (i.e., loans and government securities). An investment bank, by contrast, makes money by issuing stocks and bonds for clients, advising customers on mergers and acquisitions, and buying and selling securities from and to institutional investors. Traditionally, investment banks weren't allowed to commingle with commercial banks. This dates back to the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933, which, much like the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, was passed in order to address issues that led to a banking crisis -- in that case, the Great Depression. But this prohibition was formally eliminated by Congress in the late 1990s, spurred on by widespread deregulatory fervor and the 1998 merger between Citicorp and Travelers to create Citigroup -- the first universal bank to reemerge after six decades. Since then, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and other banks have bolted major investment banks onto their commercial banking operations. JPMorgan Chase is the combination of the Chase commercial bank and the JPMorgan investment bank, while Bank of America took its deepest plunge by purchasing Merrill Lynch during the financial crisis. The bad news for these banks, however, is that there's growing support among policymakers to once again break universal banks into separate investment and commercial banking segments. The most vigorous support for doing so comes from policymakers on the left -- people like Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.). More troubling for these banks is that certain people within Trump's administration seem to be on the same page. And it's not just any ole person who thinks this -- it's Trump's top economic adviser and former president of Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) Gary Cohn. Bloomberg News reported last week that Cohn "generally favors banking going back to how it was when firms like Goldman focused on trading and underwriting securities, and companies such as Citigroup primarily issued loans." The benefit to Goldman Sachs if this were to happen would be considerable, as it'd effectively emasculate the investment banking operations of JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup, which happen to be Goldman Sachs' principal competitors (in addition to Morgan Stanley). Alternatively, it's probably obvious that the picture isn't as optimistic for universal banks, many of which have consolidated and grown their investment banking operations since the crisis nine years ago. It's impossible to predict if the administration will actually follow through on Cohn's preference. But either way, this goes to show that the current regulatory landscape for the bank industry is much more nuanced than one might otherwise have assumed given Trump's vows on the campaign trail to dismantle Dodd-Frank.   John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 8:28AM Financials Stocks Goldman Sachs NYSE:GS $227.74 down $-1.15 (-0.50%) Citigroup NYSE:C $59.03 down $0.25 (-0.42%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.92 down $0.10 (-0.43%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $85.73 down $0.15 (-0.17%) Read More The Staggering Cost of a Quarter-Point Interest-Rate Hike Why Bank of America Shares Are Down 5% Today Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Bank of America Stock? Bank of America's CEO Just Answered an Important Riddle for Shareholders The Biggest Risk to Bank of America Stock Right Now Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Does Trump Want to Break Up These 3 Big Banks? @themotleyfool #stocks $GS, $C, $BAC, $JPM
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Trader Talk with Bob Pisani There's a hidden boost for earnings this year Bob Pisani | @BobPisani 20 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Markets open broadly lower    17 Hours Ago | 04:18 There's been a lot of excitement about the U.S. earnings season, and with good reason: S&P 500 earnings are expected to grow roughly 10 percent, led by roughly 15 percent gains in the two largest sectors, Technology and Financials. But the slow improvement in the global economy has analysts even more bullish on investing outside the U.S. Goldman Sachs is anticipating first-quarter earnings will be up 17 percent for the STOXX Europe 600, which represents a basket of stocks across 17 European countries, and 16 percent for Japanese stocks. Even Emerging Markets are seeing an improving earnings picture. The picture is the same for the full year: across the board, overseas earnings estimates look better than the U.S.: Global earnings 2017 (estimates) S&P 500: up 10.0 percent Japan: up 12.1 percent Europe: up 14.4 percent Emerging Markets: up 19.3 percent Source: JPMorgan Cazenove Investors have responded. Overseas markets have either performed in-line or outperformed U.S. markets year-to-date: Global markets 2017 (YTD) S&P 500: up 5.5 percent Europe (STOXX 600): up 5.5 percent Phillipines: up 11.3 percent Indonesia: up 6.5 percent Japan (Topix): down 2 percent Source: JPMorgan Cazenove The exception to the outperformance--Japan--has had problems because of a stronger yen. What's behind the spurt in earnings? Economic growth is picking up overseas. While U.S. GDP is improving, expected to go from 1.6 percent to 2.1 percent in 2017, GDP growth is also improving in the Eurozone (2 percent in 2017), Japan (1.7 percent, a notable improvement over the anemic 1 percent growth in 2016), and Emerging markets (4.6 percent), according to JPMorgan Cazenove. Corporate pricing power has improved. Oil, for example, has bottomed. Oil prices are considered proxies for global growth; global earnings momentum is also strongly linked to commodity prices in general, which began rising last year. Stronger growth and better pricing power alone will be a boost to corporate margins. But there are other positive factors: Stocks are cheaper overseas. Europe is trading at 15.3x 2017 earnings, well south of the roughly 18.4 multiple the S&P 500 sports. So is Japan (15.6), and Emerging Markets (12.5), according to JPMorgan Cazenove. The U.S. business cycle is in a late stage, but not so overseas. Political risk may be fading in Europe. That risk--first from the Netherlands election and still from the upcoming French election--held European equities back in January and February but those concerns have faded recently, as Goldman Sachs recently noted, pointing out that the Europe-over-the-U.S.-trade "has further to go as Europe tends to outperform when global growth is strong and political risk is fading." Government bond yields bottomed in Europe in September, and in January for Japan. This has been supportive for banks. A more stable dollar has been a big help to emerging markets. What could go wrong? Currency fluctuations are big issues when dealing with global stock flows. Japanese stocks have suffered due to a stronger yen. The biggest risk is a sudden surge in the dollar, which would hurt the reflation trade and likely lead to more capital outflow from Emerging Markets. The weaker euro has recently acted as a help for earnings in Europe, though it's doubtful that will continue. Paulo Fridman | Bloomberg | Getty Images Workers assemble a grain combine at the Case New Holland factory in Curitiba, Brazil. Political risks have not altogether vanished in Europe. You could also see a sudden change in European politics toward populism. There's also risk on the upside. For example, none of the benefits from the Trump trade — specifically, lower taxes — are embedded in S&P earnings outlook for the moment. And economic growth may even be better than expected. JPMorgan says Eurozone PMI, at 56.4 in March (the best since April 2011), is consistent with nearly 3 percent annualized GDP growth. Sectors? It's all about the reflation trade: Energy, Materials, Industrials, Financials, and Consumer Discretionary lead the earnings gainers in the U.S. and Europe, and Tech is also strong in the U.S. and Japan. JPMorgan Cazenove thinks Financials are a play on a domestic recovery and higher bond yields (though those higher yields have stalled recently). They recommend overweighting that sector, as well as Mining stocks, which are cheap and experiencing a strong earnings recovery. Bob PisaniCNBC "On-Air Stocks" Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- US 10-YR --- Trader Talk There's a hidden boost for earnings this year S&P 500 earnings are expected to grow roughly 10%, led by roughly 15% gains in the two largest sectors, Technology and Financials. Markets have spoken: Fed, Trump agenda outweigh geopolitical concerns Once again the markets have demonstrated what they care about the most: the Fed and how aggressive it may be on interest rates, and any threat to the Trump agenda. Markets reversed as Fed, Paul Ryan talk down Trump agenda and stock valuations Strong IPO market is another factor in Wednesday's market strength Floating an IPO is largely a matter of timing, and current market conditions are favorable for IPOs. More From Trader Talk Trader Talk: What happened to all the volume and volatility? IPO calendar finally filling up as IPO returns firm up Trader Talk: The pitfalls facing the markets in the second quarter Money poured into stocks in the first quarter — and one area had its best quarter ever BlackRock is in a robo-advising arms race and investors are the winner Tax season tends to cause market gyrations It looks like some traders are betting on a bottom Trader Talk: The 'other' reason for the market strength — improved earnings High stakes: The fate of tax reform may depend on the Obamacare vote Banks, energy and retail continue to get beaten up Bob Pisani A CNBC reporter since 1990, Bob Pisani covers Wall Street from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NetNet  Trader Talk  Wall Street Active hedge fund managers are big backers of passive funds stealing their flows Last year, hedge funds held about $50 billion of ETF securities up from the $12 billion the industry held a decade ago. Why is Wall Street bullish on Trump? Regulations Why are so many CEOs and investors still seemingly bullish about a Trumpian economy? The answer they consistently provide: regulations. Meet the woman who runs a $26 billion fund Dawn Fitzpatrick manages the billions in family wealth of the investor George Soros. Markets Bull market lives on but it's rather 'old in the tooth,' says Dennis Gartman This is where the 'smart money' is going, trader says After-hours buzz: TSCO, AFSI & UAL Here's how the Syrian conflict could actually send oil prices lower It's time to do some pruning to portfolios, expert says To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan Has 5 Large Cap Banks to Buy Right Now By Lee Jackson April 7, 2017 9:55 am EDT Print Email Tweet If any sector exploded out of the election, it was the banks, and especially the large cap leaders. Recently, those same stocks have backed off as investors took profits, and more importantly, concerns over regulatory and tax reform and a sharp drop in loan growth hit the top stocks. While first-quarter earnings may not be blockbuster, increases in net interest margins should help buffer the slowdown in loan growth. In a new research report, JPMorgan makes the case that bank stocks are attractively valued now relative to the overall market, and with the prospect of rising rates, and a less onerous regulatory tone, the rest of 2017 looks bright. The analysts also note that despite the big moves in the sector, banks are trading in the middle of the range over the past 25 years in periods of economic recovery. These five stocks are rated Overweight at JPMorgan. Bank of America The company posted solid fourth-quarter results, and it expects a significant increase in net interest income for the current quarter. Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) is a ubiquitous presence in the United States, providing various banking and financial products and services for individual consumers, small and middle market businesses, institutional investors, corporations and governments in the United States and internationally. It operates some 5,100 banking centers, 16,300 ATMs, call centers, online and a mobile banking platform. The company is one of the larger lenders to the oil and gas industry, and it told analysts earlier this year that it had set aside more money for coverage of loans to the industry that may go bad. Overall credit quality remained strong, while consumer portfolios continued to improve and commercial portfolios remained stable with energy improving. Trading was soft in the fourth quarter but should price up in the first quarter. Bank of America investors are paid a small 1.35% dividend. The JPMorgan price target for the stock is $25, and the Wall Street consensus price target is $25.39. The stock closed Thursday at $23.26 per share. Citigroup This top bank is trading at the same level it was in the summer of 2015. Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. It provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services and wealth management. Trading at a still very cheap 10.7 times estimated 2017 earnings, this company look very reasonable in what is becoming a pricey stock market. A continuing stock buyback program at the bank is a positive. The bank’s institutional clients group appeared to be holding its ground last quarter, and while guidance when it released the quarter in January was conservative and somewhat disappointing, the stock appears cheap at this level. Citigroup investors are paid a 1.07% dividend. The $65 JPMorgan price target is more or less in line with the consensus price objective of $64.74. Shares closed most recently at $59.89 apiece. ALSO READ: 5 Red-Hot Large-Cap Tech Stocks That Should Beat Earnings Estimates Pages: 1/2 « Disappointing Payrolls Report for March, With Payrolls Revised Lower for February and January Comcast Offers Mobile Service, YouTube Takes on Cable TV » Read more: Banking & Finance, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), PNC Financial Services (NYSE:PNC), SunTrust Banks, Inc. (NYSE:STI) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States States With No Income Tax How Many People Were Born the Year You Were Born 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons Recent Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 AmTrust, DryShips Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Apple, DuPont Sink DJIA Tuesday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Cherry Coke Debuts in China With Special Edition Cans Was This $50 Million Purchase the Right Move for Amazon? There Are Still Plenty of Reasons to Love Nike WTI oil holds near Nymex settlement in electronic trade after API supply report Nasdaq Composite closes 0.2% lower Dow ends flat; S&P 500 finishes off 0.1% Facebook Continues Its War On Snap With Newest Instagram Feature GoPro (GPRO) Stock Soars With New Trade-Up Program Alibaba-Backed Best Logistics Sets For $1 Billion U.S. IPO Skittish investors seek safe harbor in yen, gold, bonds Trump's message to bankers: Wall Street reform rules may be eliminated Exclusive: Inside edge - Trump advisor Icahn's big bet against biofuels credits Automakers Hope to Reach Deal on 2025 Emissions Akzo Nobel receives request from Elliott for shareholder meeting Oil Rises on Potential Saudi Output Cut Extension Uber, Reeling From Controversies, Loses Another Executive What Donald Trump Doesn't Want You To Know About His Twitter Followers After United Controversy, Chinese Social Media Users Express Outrage Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Table Wide Leaders & Laggards — First Quarter 2017 A Glance at the Best and Worst Performers April 8, 2017 12:50 a.m. ET ... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s MacBook Trouble is a Cautionary Tale Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Gold Will Remain in a Bear Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. AT&T, Straight Path: Two Things You Have to Know Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Chevron Stock Seen Reaching $147 Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Trumpless Side of This Stock Market Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Amazon Is On a Roll 2 The Best ETFs for 5% Yields 3 Housing Prices Soar in Millennial Cities Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #ProsperityHub #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets-business Apr 12, 2017 10:54 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 See Nifty at 10,500 in a bull case scenario; earnings growth to be in high single digits: JP Morgan's Adrian Mowat Adrian Mowat of JPMorgan believes that the market could go up if the earnings growth catches up. He sees the Nifty’s target of 10,500 in a bull case scenario, but also highlights the inconsistency on macroeconomic data front. Adrian Mowat Chief Asian & Emerging Market Strategist | JP Morgan See Nifty at 10,500 in a bull case scenario; earnings growth to be in high single digits: JP Morgan's Adrian Mowat Here are some investing picks from market experts Q4 Earnings: Will we clock a double-digit growth? Experts analyze Benchmark indices have witnessed a strong run in the past couple of months, clocking record highs ever since the results of state assembly elections were announced. Experts say that a large part of the rally is also due to high liquidity and better flows from DIIs and FIIs as well as retail participation through mutual funds. The next big trigger for the market will now be earnings growth, which has not seen much upside for a while now. JPMorgan is of the view that the market will maintain its current level of rich valuations. There is an environment where domestic mutual funds have seen strong inflows, fixed deposit rates are at the lower end of the cycle and we have a nice technical position, Adrian Mowat, MD, Chief Asian & EM Equity Strategist at JPMorgan told CNBC-TV18 in an interview. He also outlined how they set index targets in case scenarios such as bull or bear pan out. The bull case scenario target for the Nifty was 10,500, he said. ?Part of what is going on India is a bull case?what is not consistent with the macroeconomic data, specifically with the corporate investment. We need to see those data points coming through to see the Nifty finishing with that target,? he told the channel. Speaking on the rally in emerging markets (EMs), he explained that they value it based on earnings per share (EPS) and return on equities (ROEs). In 2016, EMs delivered positive earnings growth for the first time in five years, he highlighted. Furthermore, he expects the earnings to go up with earnings growth numbers. Results for FY17 will be relatively pedestrian and growth will be in high single-digits, Mowat told the channel. But, in FY18, one has to keep an eye on these figures. Areas such as banking need to see a pick-up in activity. Mowat also saw a recovery in emerging markets and expects financials to lead it. An early stage of that would be lower credit cost, he added. Meanwhile, he saw optimism around consumption space and likes building materials space. In the banking space, he said that distress among borrowers was improving as well. Furthermore, among non-banking financial companies (NBFCS), he likes some housing finance companies as a big opportunity was delivered due to constraints of PSU banks? capital issues. Meanwhile, on the affordable housing policy of the government, he sees it being a difficult environment for the private sector which is dependent on policies. ?A change in government policy can have a profound impact on business model,? he told CNBC-TV18. Mowat is the guest editor on the channel for the day and will be interacting with representatives from different industries through the day.Detailed transcript of the interview to follow... Related news Business Market Live: Sensex trims losses, Nifty eyes 9200; Maruti, Tata Steel falls Apr 12, 2017 09:15 AM Business What changed for market while you were sleeping: 12 things you should know Apr 12, 2017 07:32 AM Business Expect emerging market rally to continue: Christopher Palmer Apr 11, 2017 05:07 PM Business ITC, Infosys help Sensex gain 213 pts; Bank and Midcap at new closing high, up 1% Apr 11, 2017 04:17 PM Business Bata, Liberty Shoes, Mirza International to get astrological support: Gupta Apr 11, 2017 11:56 AM Business India looks attractive with a long-term view: Blackrock's Andrew Swan Apr 11, 2017 11:45 AM Business Too much euphoria in markets; Sensex may hover near 29k by Dec: Deutsche's Laijawala Apr 11, 2017 11:11 AM Business Cycle of easy money-making over; see headwinds for IT: Kotak Mahindra AMC Apr 11, 2017 10:06 AM Business Closing bell: Sensex rises 213 pts, Nifty ends above 9200; banks, IT lead Apr 11, 2017 09:19 AM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Market Live: Sensex trims losses, Nifty around 9200; Maruti, Tata Steel falls Infosys Q4 profit may fall 3.7%, FY18 dollar revenue growth guidance seen at 7-9% Sensex unlikely to end 2017 above 30K; But these 6 stocks can return up to 52% Reliance Jio announces new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer; 3 months unlimited for Rs 309 see more Video of the day See Nifty at 10,500 in a bull case scenario; earnings growth to be in high single digits: JP Morgan's Adrian Mowat Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Whistleblower, after retaliation by JPMorgan, pays Finra price, too Conference In|Vest Banks still spooked by bitcoin, Wells lawsuit shows Commercial lenders brace for damage from retail plunge Morning Scan More Wells Fargo clawbacks; blockchain hype tempered search goes here Whistleblower, after retaliation by JPMorgan, pays Finra price, too By Ann Marsh Published April 11 2017, 9:26pm EDT More in Wealth management Compliance Fraud losses JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo FINRA Print Email Reprints Share Share on Out of money to keep fighting his former employer, JPMorgan Chase whistleblower Johnny Burris has settled his case with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority over a $624 client loss, accepting a $5,000 fine and a five-day suspension. The settlement means Finra has punished just one individual associated with a 2015 product-pushing case in which JPMorgan admitted it breached its fiduciary duty to clients nationwide: a whistleblower. Burris says he spent $50,000 defending himself in the case. "They've still done nothing to anybody at JPMorgan, for God's sake," says Burris, now a registered investment adviser in Surprise, Arizona, "but they come after me for trying to help out my clients." In settling, Burris neither admitted nor denied guilt. Officials at JPMorgan and Finra declined to comment for this story. Bank admitted guilt In 2015 JPMorgan admitted it breached its fiduciary duty by pushing the bank's own high-priced investments on unsuspecting clients. It paid the highest Securities and Exchange Commission fine of the year in the case, at $267 million, and another $40 million to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission in a parallel case. The fines came three years after Burris supplied the SEC with hundreds of pages of documentary evidence about the same alleged sales practices. Johnny Burris, a whistleblower in an SEC case against JPMorgan Chase, was found by the Labor Department to be the victim of retaliation by the company. After Finra sued Burris on behalf of JPMorgan in an unrelated client matter, Burris said he agreed to a settlement because it was getting too expensive to fight. That $307 million in total is substantially more than the $185 million in fines paid by Wells Fargo in the high-profile phony-accounts scandal last year that continues to draw national attention. Earlier this year, the Labor Department found that JPMorgan retaliated against Burris when it fired him in 2012 months after he blew the whistle. Burris is appealing that decision, which awards back pay and damages in the mid six figures, far less than the $2 million he says he has lost in compensation since 2012. Whistleblower protection laws provide that people who experience retaliation must be immediately reinstated to their positions, and some can receive lost wages. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration ordered reinstatement of an unnamed Wells Fargo whistleblower last week and indicated that it may do the same for another Wells whistleblower named Claudia Ponce de Leon. The cases could indicate that the government is taking a stronger approach to protecting whistleblowers than it has in the past. 'Very serious violations' Finra sued Burris on behalf of JPMorgan in September, while his OSHA case was still underway, over an unusually small loss for a pair of his married clients: just $624. It also accused him of other transgressions, such as using doctored bank letterhead. "These are very serious violations," a Finra spokeswoman said last year of the Burris case. "Finra does not file a formal complaint unless it has strong reason to believe there are violations at its core." A quasi-governmental body, Finra is run by the firms it polices. JPMorgan is its largest member firm with $2.5 trillion in assets. However, the clients who JPMorgan accused Burris of harming signed an affidavit saying they never complained about Burris. They say Finra attributed "wrongful" statements to them in writing up a complaint under their names. [Read the document] JPMorgan admitted that Burris' former manager Laya Gavin wrote up complaints on behalf of his clients. It has filed a notice with Finra that it may take action against Gavin, who no longer works for the bank, but has yet to do so. Burris' showed American Banker and its sister publication Financial Planning a document that he said demonstrates that his compliance officer approved the use of the letterhead. "Finra had a range of choices as to how to treat the tax issue, and it had no good reason to punish Johnny the way it did, except to please JPMorgan," says Darrell Whitman, a former federal whistleblower investigator for OSHA, who briefly handled Burris' case in 2014. Most bank whistleblowers must file cases with OSHA in order to seek the full protection under the law. Whitman and the next investigator who handled Burris' case, Susan Kamlet, say the federal government denied Burris justice. Both Whitman and Kamlet were later fired from their jobs. Whitman accuses the Labor Department of routine collaboration with corporate defendant firms in his own whistleblower case, which is now pending before the Office of Special Counsel. A 'smear' campaign Tom Devine, a lawyer who is representing Whitman in his special-counsel case, described Finra's decision to sue Burris last year as a “smokescreen." "The tax issues were pretexts generated by JPMorgan to smear Mr. Burris and have been repudiated by all the so-called victims," says Devine, who says the tactic is a common one among defendant corporations in whistleblower cases. Corporations never admit to firing whistleblowers, Stephen Kohn, executive director of the National Whistleblower Center adds. "They always come up with a phony reason to justify the retaliation," says Kohn, who represented a former UBS employee in a 2012 case that produced the largest IRS whistleblower award to date at $104 million. "This makes whistleblower cases expensive and painful for the employee." Richard Moberly, a dean at the University of Nebraska College of Law and an expert in whistleblower law, said generally speaking such tactics are common. “When retaliation occurs, one strategy of companies is to rely on pretextual reasons for the firing,” Moberly said. Burris' former clients Leona and Raymond Weaklend criticized the way Finra lawyer Margery Shanoff and Andrew Held, another former JPMorgan executive who managed Burris, handled their case. "Mr. Burris has been nothing but helpful our entire time of working with him," the couple wrote in a notarized letter on Dec. 15, 2015. “Maybe Chase needs to reimburse us for the stress, time, frustration, and wrongful statements attributed to us by Mr. Held." After Burris left JPMorgan, the couple moved their assets over to his registered investment advisory firm. On top of the $50,000 Burris said he spent defending himself in the Weaklend case, he says he spent at least $100,000 more on an earlier Finra arbitration he lost to the bank in 2013. "They could have put there was a unicorn in my backyard, and I'd have had to sign it," Burris says of this month's settlement. "I have been drained of money by Finra and JPMorgan." Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Ann Marsh Ann Marsh is a senior editor and the West Coast Bureau Chief of Financial Planning. Follow her on Twitter at @Ann_Marsh. More from this Author Wells may be forced to welcome back another whistleblower Ex-Scottrade execs see Asian-American, Chinese market ripe for robo advice Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Charles A. “Tripp” Craig III named Director of Business Development for Keystone Insurers Group NORTHUMBERLAND, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Keystone Insurers Group, one of the nation’s largest property and casualty insurance partnerships, named Charles A. “Tripp” Craig III director of business development. The announcement was made today by Keystone Executive Vice President of Property and Casualty Joseph Joyce. Craig has 30 years of experience in the insurance industry, most recently as a senior insurance executive for The Beacon Group of Companies. The Beacon Group is a diversified financial services firm that provides small and medium-sized businesses with comprehensive advice on business insurance, investing and employee benefits. “We are excited to welcome Tripp and put his experience to work for our Keystone agency partners,” said Joyce. “His solid background demonstrates he has the technical expertise and strategic growth mindset to generate added revenue and value to Keystone, as well as to facilitate organic growth for our core carriers.” Craig will help Keystone’s agency partners identify new opportunities. His role will also include consulting with them through the marketing, negotiation and final sales process. “I’m very excited to join Keystone,” Craig said. “I look forward to working with our partners and their clients to offer unique products, services and solutions designed to improve risk profiles and reduce the total cost of risk.” Craig graduated from Widener University in Chester, Pennsylvania, and currently resides in Jenkintown. About Keystone – Founded in 1983, Keystone is headquartered in Northumberland, Pennsylvania, and has agency partners in Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Virginia, Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia, Illinois, Missouri and Michigan. Each partner is an independent agency. With property/casualty premiums exceeding $2.9 billion, Keystone is ranked number two on Insurance Journal’s 2016 list of Top 20 Privately Held Property/Casualty Agency Partnerships. For more information, visit www.keystoneinsgrp.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious gtechna’s Pay-by-Plate Solution Fully Integrated in Westmount Next PostNext Optical Sensor Market to hit $30bn by 2024 Search Recent Posts Spring 2017 Prescribed Burns (Prescribed Fire) New River Fire (Wildfire) joimax® Celebrates Its 10th Anniversary with 900 Users in China and Reports a Jump in Q1-2017 Sales RT. 655 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION APRIL 17 – Use alternate routes during four-week closure of Rappahannock County bridge Asia-Pacific Automotive Glass Film Market by Production, Import, Export and Consumption Forecast & Regional Analysis by 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GlaxoSmithKline plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research OC OERLIKON CORP CHF1 (OERLF) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Nexvet Biopharma plc (NVET) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Premier Asset Management Group PLC (PAM) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Kearny Financial (KRNY) 3M Co (MMM) Shares Sold by Northstar Group Inc. Hefty Wealth Partners Has $1.197 Million Stake in 3M Co (MMM) Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 183,250 Shares of Trivago NV – (TRVG) Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $11.091 Million Stake in Renasant Corp. (RNST) Fulton Bank N.A. Buys Shares of 2,994 NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Fulton Bank N.A. Has $307,000 Position in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Peregrine Capital Management LLC Sells 4,296 Shares of Horace Mann Educators Co. (HMN) Fulton Bank N.A. Has $352,000 Stake in Deere & Company (DE) Trust Co Has $1.989 Million Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Initiates Share Repurchase Plan Simulations Plus, Inc. (SLP) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Share Buyback Plan Approved by Home Bancshares (HOMB) Lifeway Foods, Inc. (LWAY) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.03 EPS GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their neutral rating on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc (NYSE:GSK) in a report published on Wednesday morning. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Zacks Investment Research cut GlaxoSmithKline plc from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Barclays PLC began coverage on GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued an equal weight rating for the company. Liberum Capital began coverage on GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. They issued a buy rating for the company. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets began coverage on GlaxoSmithKline plc in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. They issued a reduce rating for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $45.25. GlaxoSmithKline plc (NYSE:GSK) opened at 41.30 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $100.51 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 88.63 and a beta of 0.94. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $41.86 and its 200 day moving average is $40.26. GlaxoSmithKline plc has a 52-week low of $37.20 and a 52-week high of $45.58. GlaxoSmithKline plc (NYSE:GSK) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The pharmaceutical company reported $0.65 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.08. GlaxoSmithKline plc had a return on equity of 100.68% and a net margin of 3.11%. On average, analysts predict that GlaxoSmithKline plc will post $2.70 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Receives “Neutral” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/glaxosmithkline-plc-gsk-receives-neutral-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 13th. Investors of record on Friday, February 24th will be given a $0.571 dividend. This represents a $2.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 5.53%. This is a positive change from GlaxoSmithKline plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 22nd. GlaxoSmithKline plc’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 389.36%. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC raised its stake in shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc by 36.9% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 2,640 shares of the pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 712 shares during the last quarter. Physicians Financial Services Inc. raised its stake in shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc by 25.9% in the third quarter. Physicians Financial Services Inc. now owns 2,691 shares of the pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 553 shares during the last quarter. M&R Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc by 22.5% in the fourth quarter. M&R Capital Management Inc. now owns 3,106 shares of the pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $119,000 after buying an additional 570 shares during the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its stake in shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc by 11.7% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 3,044 shares of the pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 319 shares during the last quarter. Finally, SevenBridge Financial Group LLC raised its stake in shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc by 16.5% in the third quarter. SevenBridge Financial Group LLC now owns 3,110 shares of the pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 441 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 8.41% of the company’s stock. GlaxoSmithKline plc Company Profile GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) is a healthcare company. The Company is engaged in the creation and discovery, development, manufacture and marketing of pharmaceutical products, including vaccines, over-the-counter (OTC) medicines and health-related consumer products. The Company’s segments include Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals R&D, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare. Receive News & Ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rosenbaum Jay D. Has $237,000 Stake in Mastercard Inc (MA) Pacific Ethanol Inc (PEIX) Shares Sold by Foundry Partners LLC Foundry Partners LLC Boosts Stake in Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (AHP) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Acquires 11,110 Shares of Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Sells 1,112 Shares of Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Stock Buyback Plan Declared by Humana (HUM) Board of Directors Manhattan Associates (MANH) to Repurchase $50 million in Outstanding Shares Fortune Brands Home & Security (FBHS) Board Initiates Share Buyback Program Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Earns “Buy” Rating from Guggenheim PBF Energy Inc (PBF) Lifted to Neutral at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) to Repurchase $1 billion in Shares Stock Repurchase Program Authorized by Big Lots (BIG) Board of Directors Ferrari (RACE) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) PT Lowered to $46.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Insider Buying: British Land Company PLC (BLND) Insider Acquires £18,023.99 in Stock Caroline D. Naggiar Sells 22,315 Shares of Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Stock Ted C. Ho Sells 60,000 Shares of Gigamon Inc (GIMO) Stock Dorman Products Inc. (DORM) Position Reduced by Foundry Partners LLC Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Bought by Beacon Financial Group Washington Trust Bancorp (WASH) Stake Reduced by Foundry Partners LLC Foundry Partners LLC Boosts Stake in Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (AHP) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Foundry Partners LLC boosted its stake in Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (NYSE:AHP) by 16.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 291,180 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 41,405 shares during the period. Foundry Partners LLC owned approximately 1.13% of Ashford Hospitality Prime worth $3,089,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of AHP. Raging Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 23.6% in the fourth quarter. Raging Capital Management LLC now owns 2,460,079 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,580,000 after buying an additional 470,037 shares during the last quarter. KRV Capital LP purchased a new position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime during the third quarter valued at $5,832,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime by 14,821.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 133,250 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,879,000 after buying an additional 132,357 shares during the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP purchased a new position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime during the fourth quarter valued at $1,291,000. Finally, Glacier Peak Capital LLC purchased a new position in shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime during the fourth quarter valued at $679,000. 75.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (NYSE:AHP) opened at 10.74 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $11.09 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.94. Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc has a one year low of $9.83 and a one year high of $17.64. The firm has a market cap of $275.60 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.60 and a beta of 1.20. Ashford Hospitality Prime (NYSE:AHP) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported ($0.03) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.03). Ashford Hospitality Prime had a return on equity of 3.94% and a net margin of 3.13%. Analysts forecast that Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc will post $0.49 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a dividend of $0.16 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This is a positive change from Ashford Hospitality Prime’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.12. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a yield of 5.96%. Ashford Hospitality Prime’s payout ratio is currently 165.52%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/foundry-partners-llc-boosts-stake-in-ashford-hospitality-prime-inc-ahp.html. Several research analysts have weighed in on AHP shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Ashford Hospitality Prime from a “buy” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Janney Montgomery Scott raised Ashford Hospitality Prime from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. FBR & Co reissued a “buy” rating and set a $16.00 price objective (down previously from $18.00) on shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “hold” rating and set a $14.00 price objective on shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, JMP Securities reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime in a report on Friday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $15.50. In other Ashford Hospitality Prime news, Director Curtis B. Mcwilliams bought 5,000 shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $10.50 per share, for a total transaction of $52,500.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, CEO Richard J. Stockton bought 10,000 shares of Ashford Hospitality Prime stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $10.75 per share, for a total transaction of $107,500.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the chief executive officer now owns 247,434 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,659,915.50. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 23.68% of the company’s stock. Ashford Hospitality Prime Company Profile Ashford Hospitality Prime, Inc invests in high revenue per available room (RevPAR), luxury hotels and resorts. The Company conducts its business and owns all of its assets through its operating partnership, Ashford Hospitality Prime Limited Partnership (Ashford Prime OP). The Company operates in the direct hotel investment segment of the hotel lodging industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AHP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (NYSE:AHP). Receive News & Ratings for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 3:05 A.M. ET National Grid lifts full-year earnings target 3:04 A.M. ET Elliott puts pressure on BHP to exploit tax quirk 3:03 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 3:03 A.M. ET Daimler profit up 87%, on Mercedes-Benz cars boost 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.3% higher at 12,176 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's Fraport takes over 14 Greek airports 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,114.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,372.36 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 381.88 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ 4/11 Elliott attempting to oust Azko board chairman Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Banking Barclays CEO probed over whistleblower search By Max Colchester Published: Apr 10, 2017 8:48 p.m. ET Share By MaxColchester LONDON -- Barclays PLC Chief Executive Jes Staley is under investigation by U.K. and U.S. regulators after he tried to unmask a whistleblower who criticized his hiring of a longtime associate for a top job. The London bank said Monday it had also launched its own investigation into the matter. Authorities are probing Mr. Staley's actions in trying to identify the source of an anonymous letter that criticized the hiring of Tim Main, who was named in 2016 as head of the financial institutions group at Barclays, according to people with knowledge of the events. The letter also raised questions about Mr. Staley's dealings with him when they worked together at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. The U.K.'s Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority are probing both Mr. Staley and the bank over its treatment of whistleblowers Barclays said in a statement. The bank added that it had issued a formal reprimand to Mr. Staley and would make a "significant" cut to his bonus. It is also conducting its own review into Barclays's controls. The New York State Department of Financial Services, which regulates Barclays in the U.S., is also investigating the matter, according to people familiar with the probe. "I have apologized to the Barclays board, and accepted its conclusion that my personal actions in this matter were errors on my part," Mr. Staley said in a statement. Mr. Main was brought in from Evercore Partners to run Barclays's financial institutions group. Mr. Main, who is based in New York, had previously worked with Mr. Staley at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. He declined to comment through a Barclays spokesman. In June 2016, Barclays's board and a senior executive received anonymous letters raising "concerns of a personal nature" about Mr. Main, as well as Mr. Staley's "knowledge of and role in dealing with those issues at a previous employer," the bank said. Mr. Staley initially asked Barclays's internal security team to try to identify the authors of the letters, believing them to be an "unfair personal attack," the bank said. He was told that it wasn't appropriate to do so, the bank said. But in July he followed up on the request, and the security team asked a U.S. law-enforcement agency to try to help, the bank said. The whistleblower's identity was never revealed, the bank said. Messrs. Main and Staley rose through the ranks in J.P. Morgan's investment-banking division together. They both spent time in the bank's equity capital-markets division, and Mr. Main went on to be global co-head of the bank's financial-institutions group, reporting to Mr. Staley. He then joined Evercore in 2011. People familiar with the matter said the whistleblower's complaint related to concerns that Mr. Main had a substance-abuse problem while at J.P. Morgan. Mr. Staley thought the complaint was unfair and sought to defend Mr. Main, these people added. Mr. Main declined to comment through a Barclays spokeswoman. The issue is another stumble for Barclays as it tries to overhaul its image after years of scandals. Mr. Staley has trumpeted the bank's values and brought in executives to upgrade its controls. "This latest revelation represents a very significant embarrassment for the board as it tries to rebuild the group's reputation," said Gary Greenwood, an analyst at Shore Capital. Mr. Staley's actions came amid an upgrade of U.K. regulations meant to protect whistleblowers. The rules had been approved in October 2015 and came into effect the following March and September. They require big U.K. banks to appoint a "whistleblowing champion" among their senior managers and for a report on whistleblowing to be presented to the board every year. The regulations also say banks must permit employees to raise issues in confidence, and that actions "to the detriment of a whistleblower" could threaten a bank or executive's regulatory fitness. U.K. law also prohibits employers from retaliating against whistleblowers. Proper handling of internal complaints is a widespread issue in banking. Wells Fargo & Co., for instance, has been contending with its own allegations of whistleblower retaliations, which the bank has said it is investigating but hasn't yet spotted a pattern. A Barclays employee flagged the attempted unmasking to the bank's board in early 2017, the bank said. The board then commissioned its own probe and shared its findings with the U.K. regulators. Barclays said an internal investigation into Mr. Staley's actions concluded that he honestly, but mistakenly, believed that it was permissible to identify the author of the letter. The probe is expected to take several months, according to people familiar with the matter. Punishments could range from a verbal warning to Mr. Staley's being barred from undertaking regulated activity, a step that would prevent him from remaining CEO. Barclays's board will await the regulators' findings before docking a chunk of his 2017 bonus. Last year, Mr. Staley was paid GBP4.2 million ($5.2 million). Since his arrival in late 2015, Mr. Staley has refreshed the bank's management team, bringing in a series of new executives. Many of them were from his alma mater, J.P. Morgan. He has replaced Barclays's chief risk officer, chief operating officer and the head of its investment bank. Some within Barclays have grumbled that Mr. Staley wasn't giving insiders a fair chance and was leaning too heavily on J.P. Morgan, where he spent more than three decades, holding a portfolio of roles including running its investment bank. Mr. Staley left J.P. Morgan in 2013 after a management reshuffle. He joined BlueMountain Capital, a hedge fund that had profited a year earlier from the "London whale" debacle, which left J.P. Morgan with more than $6 billion in losses. Barclays investors have warmed to Mr. Staley's plan to reinforce Barclays's investment-banking franchise and refocus the lender on its U.S. and U.K. operations. The bank's share price has risen 43% this year. Barclays Chairman John McFarlane said in a statement that he is "personally very disappointed" in Mr. Staley, but the board nonetheless said it supports his reappointment at the bank's annual shareholder meeting next month. Write to Max Colchester at max.colchester@wsj.com and Emily Glazer at emily.glazer@wsj.com More from MarketWatch United Airlines could pay dearly in China as passenger-dragging video spreads What Happens if Filibusters Go Away? Thyroid Cancer: Link to Household Products? Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance United States Steel Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for United States Steel (X) Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) PT Set at $35.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Given a $19.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Banc of California Inc (BANC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Cardinal Financial Co. (CFNL) Washington Trust Bancorp (WASH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Peoples Bancorp Inc. (PEBO) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Washington Federal Inc. (WAFD) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Bloom Burton Upgrades Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) to Buy Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust (AAR.UN) Given New C$6.50 Price Target at Scotiabank Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) Short Interest Down 14.3% in March Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Schlumberger Limited. Decreased by William Blair (SLB) American Tower Corp (AMT) Rating Increased to Buy at Guggenheim Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. DXC Technology Company (DXC) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Kingfisher plc (KGF) Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Stock Price RBC Bearings (ROLL) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for United States Steel (X) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of United States Steel (NYSE: X) recently: 4/11/2017 – United States Steel was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $38.38 price target on the stock. 4/3/2017 – United States Steel had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cowen and Company. They now have a $60.00 price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – United States Steel had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from $45.00 to $50.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/27/2017 – United States Steel was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating. They now have a $38.76 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – United States Steel had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $46.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $39.00. 3/21/2017 – United States Steel had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from $40.00 to $45.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/20/2017 – United States Steel was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $36.38 price target on the stock. 3/16/2017 – United States Steel had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Axiom Securities. 3/14/2017 – United States Steel was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating. They now have a $31.33 price target on the stock. 3/13/2017 – United States Steel was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating. They now have a $31.06 price target on the stock. 3/3/2017 – United States Steel had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Axiom Securities. 2/27/2017 – United States Steel had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Rosenblatt Securities. They now have a $35.00 price target on the stock. 2/27/2017 – United States Steel was upgraded by analysts at Cowen and Company from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating. 2/27/2017 – United States Steel was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating. They now have a $31.06 price target on the stock. 2/23/2017 – United States Steel was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating. They now have a $33.51 price target on the stock. 2/16/2017 – United States Steel was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating. They now have a $32.95 price target on the stock. United States Steel Co. (NYSE:X) opened at 34.72 on Wednesday. The stock’s market cap is $6.05 billion. United States Steel Co. has a 12-month low of $12.77 and a 12-month high of $41.83. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $35.72 and its 200-day moving average price is $30.80. United States Steel (NYSE:X) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.27 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.01 by $0.26. The business earned $2.65 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.65 billion. United States Steel had a negative return on equity of 11.36% and a negative net margin of 4.29%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned ($0.23) EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that United States Steel Co. will post $2.93 EPS for the current fiscal year. United States Steel Corporation is an integrated steel producer. The Company is engaged in producing flat-rolled and tubular products with production operations in North America and Europe. The Company operates through three segments: Flat-Rolled Products (Flat-Rolled), U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and Tubular Products (Tubular). Receive News & Ratings for United States Steel Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for United States Steel Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intesa Sanpaolo SpA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Morgan Stanley Reiterates €3.00 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for United States Steel (X) Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) PT Set at $35.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Given a $19.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Banc of California Inc (BANC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Cardinal Financial Co. (CFNL) Washington Trust Bancorp (WASH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Peoples Bancorp Inc. (PEBO) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Washington Federal Inc. (WAFD) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Bloom Burton Upgrades Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) to Buy Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust (AAR.UN) Given New C$6.50 Price Target at Scotiabank Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) Short Interest Down 14.3% in March Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Schlumberger Limited. Decreased by William Blair (SLB) American Tower Corp (AMT) Rating Increased to Buy at Guggenheim Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. DXC Technology Company (DXC) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Kingfisher plc (KGF) Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Stock Price Morgan Stanley Reiterates €3.00 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley set a €3.00 ($3.19) price objective on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. ISP has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Citigroup Inc set a €2.70 ($2.87) price objective on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €2.80 ($2.98) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €2.50 ($2.66) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Berenberg Bank set a €1.60 ($1.70) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €2.90 ($3.09) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, January 16th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of €2.62 ($2.79). Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) opened at 2.502 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €2.41 and a 200-day moving average price of €2.26. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA has a 12 month low of €1.52 and a 12 month high of €2.59. The stock has a market cap of €41.99 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.524. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/morgan-stanley-reiterates-3-00-price-target-for-intesa-sanpaolo-spa-isp.html. About Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is a banking company. The Company’s segments include Banca dei Territori, Corporate and Investment Banking, International Subsidiary Banks, Asset Management, Private Banking and Insurance. The Banca dei Territori division includes the Company’s traditional lending and deposit collecting activities. Receive News & Ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Features Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Business Companies Barclays security chief faces internal probe over whistle-blower scandal Troels Oerting was asked to find the author of an anonymous letter sent to Barclays by CEO Jes Staley. By Karthick Arvinth Updated April 12, 2017 06:52 BST Barclays chief executive Jes Staley has received a formal reprimand from the bank's boardReuters Barclays's head of internal security is to be investigated by the bank's board over the whistle-blower scandal that has engulfed its chief executive Jes Staley, according to reports. The BBC says Troels Oerting assisted Staley in his attempts to unmask the author of an anonymous letter that was sent to the bank last year. The letter reportedly raised questions about the past conduct of Tim Main, a senior employee who was hired by Barclays in early 2016. Main was a former colleague of Staley, with the pair having worked together for many years at US investment bank JP Morgan. Staley has been formally reprimanded for his actions by Barclays and is likely to be hit with a financial penalty in excess of £1m ($1.3m). The Bank of England's Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority have also opened their own investigations into the whistleblower case, along with New York's Department of Financial Services. In a statement released on 10 April, Barclays said Staley, 60, had "honestly, but mistakenly, believed that it was permissible to identify the author of the letter". In an internal letter to staff seen by the Guardian newspaper, Staley explained that he got personally involved in the matter as he believed that Mann was being "maliciously smeared". "One of our colleagues was the subject of an unfair personal attack sent via anonymous letters addressed to members of the board and a senior executive at Barclays," the letter reportedly said. "The allegations related to personal issues from many years ago, and the intent of the correspondents in airing all of this was, in my view, to maliciously smear this person. "My hope was that if we found out who was sending these letters we could try and get them to stop the harassment of a person who did not deserve that treatment. "Nevertheless, I realise that I should simply have the compliance function handle this matter, as they were doing. This was a mistake on my part and I apologise for it." More from IBTimes UK US company Osprey Packs drops Singaporean distributor after owner viciously abuses dog Oil giant Shell admits dealing with money launderer during corruption probe Beleaguered Toshiba warns its survival is at risk, publishes unaudited results Related topics : Barclays Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Vladimir Putin: Climate change in Arctic beneficial for economy Columnists Natalia Antonova “What will it take for Putin to turn his back on Assad? READ MORE Gold races past $1,270 as global geopolitical tension escalates Escalating war of words between Russia and the West, plus North Korea... Beleaguered Toshiba warns its survival is at risk, publishes unaudited results Short-sellers hammer conglomerate's shares as PwC refuses to endorse... Forget crumpets, get ready for 'Timbits': Canada's café chain Tim Hortons to perk up UK market Iconic chain to open first store in Glasgow before a UK-wide foray... What are the 10 best companies to work for in the UK? Expedia tops the list as the best company to work for for the second... Barclays security chief faces internal probe over whistle-blower scandal Troels Oerting was asked to find the author of an anonymous letter... US company Osprey Packs drops Singaporean distributor after owner viciously abuses dog The outdoor equipment manufacturer said Terry Yee's behaviour was... US stocks decline as geopolitical tensions weigh while United shares take a dive United Continental briefly dropped more than 4% before ending the... Democrat leader says Trump should label China a currency manipulator The declaration "would send a shot across the bow that things are... FTSE Moves: Top flight stocks jump as lofty inflation fails to boost pound Profits almost double at JD Sports as the chain takes advantage of... FX Focus: Pound battles volatility as inflation holds steady above Bank of England's target Inflation remains unchanged at 2.3% in March, exceeding BoE's 2%... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Wed, Apr 12, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X The Barclays boss and the whistleblower London Briefing: Punishment needed if Threadneedle Street codes to be enforced about 2 hours ago Fiona Walsh         Is Jes Staley a kind, caring boss who went the extra mile to protect a colleague from unwarranted smears? Or is he an arrogant ex-Wall Street banker who just decided the rules didn’t apply to him? Protection for whistleblowers has been enshrined in British law for almost two decades, yet the Barclays boss saw fit to unleash the hounds in his attempt to unmask the author of letters containing allegations of a personal nature about a recently recruited senior banker. The banker, Tim Pain, had been a long-standing colleague of Staley’s at his former employer, JPMorgan. Staley tasked Barclays’ internal security team with discovering the identity of the whistleblower and, even after being told to desist, drafted in a US law enforcement agency to aid the pursuit. Staley admits now he got too personally involved, while the Barclays board describes his actions as “an honest mistake”. Coincidentally, that’s the same phrase Bank of England governor Mark Carney used last month to describe the actions of his former deputy, Charlotte Hogg, who failed to declare a conflict of interest with her brother, Qintin. There are distinct parallels between the Staley scandal and the Bank of England affair. Staley is one of the big beasts in the banking world while Hogg, widely tipped as a future governor of the Bank of England, was one of the most powerful women in the City. Code of conduct But she broke Threadneedle Street’s code of conduct – one she helped to write – when she failed to declare her brother is a senior executive at a major UK bank (Barclays, funnily enough). She was given a formal warning and her salary was frozen but, after a damning report from MPs, Hogg tendered her resignation and will leave the bank later this year. The governor made it quite clear at the time that he did not regard her offence as egregious and, in his view, it was certainly not a resigning matter. Likewise at Barclays, the board remains “unanimous” in its support of its chief executive. As Staley is not a stupid man, the “honest mistake” defence stretches credulity. It’s hard to escape the conclusion that he simply believed the rules did not apply to him or, if they did, he was more than willing to break them. The Barclays board may believe that docking the multimillionaire banker’s bonus is punishment enough, but will the City regulators go along with that? They are now investigating both the bank and its chief executive and have the power to fine the former and ban the latter from the financial services industry, in which case he would be forced to quit. The action they take will show how serious the City is in cleaning up its act and promoting a more honest culture. If others are to be encouraged to come forward when they see wrongdoing, the authorities have only one course of action. And that’s to throw the book at the Barclays boss. TESCO BOUNCES BACK Tesco has come a long way in the two years since it reported one of the biggest losses in British corporate history, plunging into the red by £6.4 billion (€7.5 billion). On Wednesday, chief executive Dave Lewis, who took over in the wake of the 2014 accounting scandal, is expected to report that profits have bounced back comfortably above £1 billion. While Tesco has now put the false accounting crisis behind it – the High Court approved its £129 million settlement with the Serious Fraud Office on Monday – Lewis is likely to be given something of a rough ride in the City today despite the impressive recovery in profits. At issue is the group’s ambitious £3.7 billion takeover of the cash and carry company Booker. Shareholders are concerned the ambitious deal will derail the recovery, eating up management time and energy that should be spent securing the performance of the core UK supermarkets chain. ‘Destruction of value’ Investors are also worried about the high price being paid by Tesco – a heady 23 times Booker’s earnings. Such terms are highly likely to result in “the destruction of value” for Tesco, according Nick Kirrage of Schroders, its third-largest shareholder. The Booker deal has already resulted in the loss of one key member of the Tesco board – senior independent director Richard Cousins quit in protest at the proposed move at the start of the year. Analysts and investors will today be looking to Lewis to provide reassurance on the strength of the group’s recovery and the merits of the Booker deal. Fiona Walsh is business editor of theguardian.com       Topics: Charlotte Hogg Dave Lewis Fiona Walsh Mark Carney Nick Kirrage Richard Cousins Tim Pain Bank Of England High Court Barclays Booker Schroders Tesco Theguardian Uk United States Read More Central Bank plans new rules to encourage mortgage switching Noonan signals BOI may breach pay limits to lure CEO Report claims BoE pressured banks to lower Libors during 2008 crisis Barclays CEO reprimanded for trying to uncover whistleblower The Irishman rebuilding Cyprus’s ‘broken’ bank New managing director for New Ireland Hackers ‘may have data from Irish companies’ Fintrax in joint venture to target lucrative South Korean market All change in the upper ranks of the Central Bank Two executives at collapsed Worldspreads barred from regulatory activity  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Financial Services Credit Suisse may seek full Irish licence as Brexit looms Financial Services It’s five years since the O’Reilly family lost control of INM – is the company any better off? Politics Redress for mother and baby homes could cost up to €1bn Soccer Borussia Dortmund v Monaco postponed after blasts near team bus Sponsored Let a Hume PhD scholarship unlock your potential at Maynooth University Broadband and digital technology essential for Irish business growth Lifting the diamond to a higher level Advice for Irish companies preparing for Brexit? Act now Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business €1.5bn operating profit at Tesco as recovery continues 07:55 Stripe makes third acquisition as it buys Indie Hackers 07:48 OPEC plan to extend six-month output cuts helps boost prices 07:33 Providence says Barryroe talks ongoing after €20.5m loss 07:23 Evans store on Henry Street bought by AEW tops €20m 07:19 Most Read in Business 1 Healthy food retailer Chopped to create 320 jobs, double footprint 2 Credit Suisse may seek full Irish licence as Brexit looms 3 Intel shuts pension scheme for Irish staff 4 Can my parents gift me a house without tax implications? 5 It’s five years since the O’Reilly family lost control of INM – is the company any better off? 6 Brexit poses a serious threat to economic prosperity 7 Sun, sea . . . and better value for money: Top places to retire 8 James Joyce’s listed ‘House of the Dead’ on market for €550,000 9 Providence says Barryroe talks ongoing after €20.5m loss 10 Ireland the only OECD state where some get back more than they pay in income tax Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 12/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cooper Tire & Rubber Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Welltower Inc (HCN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Analysts Set Kier Group plc (KIE) Price Target at $1,525.50 Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Receives $49.85 Consensus PT from Analysts Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Effect Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. (NUTR) Stock Price Discover Financial Services (DFS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.37 H&E Equipment Services, Inc. (HEES) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Fortuna Silver Mines Inc (FSM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” GECINA EUR7.50 (GECFF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (GNMK) to Buy Uacj Corp (UACJF) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $0.00 Brokerages Set Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.B) Price Target at $171.52 Polypipe Group PLC (PLP) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Facebook Inc (FB) VP Colin Stretch Sells 750 Shares Costco Wholesale (COST) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.24 CONSOL Energy (CNX) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Canacol Energy Ltd (CNE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) have been given an average recommendation of “Hold” by the ten analysts that are currently covering the firm. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, four have given a hold recommendation and four have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $39.57. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. FBR & Co upped their price target on shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from $48.00 to $53.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $47.00 to $51.00 in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/cooper-tire-rubber-co-ctb-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-from-analysts.html. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) traded up 0.91% on Tuesday, reaching $44.45. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 404,724 shares. The company has a market cap of $2.34 billion and a P/E ratio of 9.86. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $42.46 and its 200 day moving average price is $38.63. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co has a 12 month low of $29.29 and a 12 month high of $44.50. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) last released its earnings results on Friday, February 17th. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.34. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co had a return on equity of 23.13% and a net margin of 8.17%. The firm earned $783.89 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $767.36 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.04 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Cooper Tire & Rubber Co will post $3.78 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were issued a dividend of $0.105 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 28th. This represents a $0.42 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.94%. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 9.86%. In other news, VP Stephen Zamansky sold 14,041 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.37, for a total transaction of $566,835.17. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 0.80% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Creative Planning increased its position in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 5.3% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 2,585 shares of the company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 129 shares during the period. Advisor Group Inc. increased its stake in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 79.1% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 3,550 shares of the company’s stock worth $135,000 after buying an additional 1,568 shares during the last quarter. US Bancorp DE increased its stake in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 31.7% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 3,820 shares of the company’s stock worth $145,000 after buying an additional 920 shares during the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 9.0% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,912 shares of the company’s stock worth $152,000 after buying an additional 323 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC bought a new stake in Cooper Tire & Rubber Co during the third quarter worth $172,000. Institutional investors own 90.09% of the company’s stock. About Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Cooper Tire & Rubber Company is a manufacturer and marketer of replacement tires. The Company specializes in the design, manufacture, marketing and sales of passenger car, light truck, medium truck, motorcycle, and racing tires. The Company operates through four segments: North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia. Receive News & Ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Independent Political Report Covering third parties and independent candidates since 2008 Menu Skip to content Home About IPR Traffic Court Advertising At IPR DMCA Removal RSS Search Social Networks Subscribe To IPR Ralph Nader: ‘The Savings and Stability of Public Banking’ Leave a reply Ralph Nader at blog.nader.org: As a society obsessed by money, we pay a gigantic price for not educating high school and college students about money and banking. The ways of the giant global banks – both commercial and investment operations – are as mysterious as they are damaging to the people. Big banks use the Federal Reserve to maximize their influence and profits. The federal Freedom of Information Act provides an exemption for matters that are “contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for the regulation or supervision of financial institutions.” This exemption allows financial institutions to wallow in secrecy. Financial institutions are so influential in Congress that Senator Durbin (D, IL) says “[The banks] frankly own this place.” Although anti-union, giant financial institutions have significant influence over the investments of worker pension funds. Their certainty of being bailed out because they are seen as “too big to fail” harms the competitiveness of smaller, community banks and allows the big bankers to take bigger risks with “other people’s money,” as Justice Brandeis put it. These big banks are so pervasive in their reach that even unions and progressive media, such as The Nation magazine and Democracy Now have their accounts with JP Morgan Chase. The government allows banks to have concentrated power. Taxpayers and Consumers are charged excessive fees and paid paltry interest rates on savings. The bonds of municipalities are are also hit with staggering fees and public assets like highways and public drinking water systems are corporatized by Goldman Sachs and other privatizers with sweetheart multi-decade leases. Then there are the immense taxpayer bailouts of Wall Street, such as those in2008-2009 after the financial industry’s recklessness and crimes brought down the economy, cost workers 8 million jobs, and shredded the pension and mutual fund savings of the American people. Standing like a beacon of stability, responsiveness and profitability is the 98 year-old, state-owned Bank of North Dakota (BND). As reported by Ellen Brown, prolific author and founder of the Public Banking Institute (Santa Clarita, California), “The BND has had record profits for the last 12 years” (avoiding the Wall Street crash) “each year outperforming the last. In 2015 it reported $130.7 million in earnings, total assets of $7.4 billion, capital of $749 million, and a return on investment of a whopping 18.1 percent. Its lending portfolio grew by $486 million, a 12.7 percent increase, with growth in all four of its areas of concentration: agriculture, business, residential and student loans…” North Dakota’s economy is depressed because of the sharp drop in oil prices. So the BND moved to help. Again, Ellen Brown: “In 2015, it introduced new infrastructure programs to improve access to medical facilities, remodel or construct new schools, and build new road and water infrastructure. The Farm Financial Stability Loan was introduced to assist farmers affected by low commodity prices or below-average crop production. The BND also helped fund 300 new businesses.” All this is in a state with half the population of Phoenix or Philadelphia. A California coalition is forming to establish a state-owned bank for California. Coalition organizers say a California State Bank will cut the state’s long-term financing costs in half, compared to what avaricious Wall Street is charging. The nation’s largest state (equivalent to the world’s sixth largest economy) can free itself from massive debt accumulation, bid-rigging, deceptive interest-rate swaps and capital appreciation bonds at 300% interest over time. What assets does the state have to make this bank fully operational? California has surplus funds which total about $600 billion, including those in a Pooled Money Investment account managed by the State Treasurer that contains $54 billion earning less than 1 percent interest. Money in these funds is earmarked for specific expenditure purposes, but they can be invested – in a new state bank. To escape from a Wall Street that is, in Brown’s words “sucking massive sums in interest, fees and interest rate swap payments out of California and into offshore tax havens,” a state bank can use its impressive credit power to develop infrastructure in California. Huge state pension funds and other state funds can provide the deposits. Each one billion dollar capital investment can lend $10 billion for projects less expensively and under open stable banking control by California. Presently, California and other states routinely deposit hundreds of billions of dollars in Wall Street banks at minimal interest, turn around and borrow for infrastructure construction and repair from the Wall Street bond market at much higher interest and fees. This is a ridiculous form of debt peonage, a lesson Governor Jerry Brown has yet to learn. He and other officials similarly uninformed about how the state of California can be its own banker should visit publicbankinginstitute.org and read Ellen Brown’s book, The Public Bank Solution. Legislation for public banks is being pursued in the states of Washington, Michigan, Arizona and New Jersey, as well as the cities of Philadelphia and Santa Fe. Look for county commissioners and state treasurers to come on board when they see the enormous safeguards and savings that can be secured through “public banks” in contrast to the convoluted casino run by unaccountable Wall Street gamblers and speculators. A longtime backer of public banking, retired entrepreneur Richard Mazess, hopes that national civic groups like Public Citizen, Common Cause, People for the American Way and Consumer Watchdog can get behind the proposal. “Public, not private, infrastructure is essential for an equitable economy,” he says. California already has a public infrastructure bank called the IBank. Mr. Mazess and others believe that expanding the existing IBank into a depository institution would be more likely to pass through the California legislature. The deposits would come from public institutions, and NGOs (not from private persons). These pension funds and other public deposits would become reserves and serve as the basis for safely leveraged loans to public projects at a conservative tenfold multiplier. No derivatives or other shenanigans allowed. Before that proposal can be enacted, however, there needs to be much more education of state legislators and the public at large. Such enlightenment would illuminate the enormous savings, along with the restoration of state sovereignty from the absentee, exploitative grip of an unrepentant, speculating, profiteering Wall Street that believes it can always go to Washington, DC for its taxpayer bailouts. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) This entry was posted in Green Party, Independents on April 11, 2017 by Wang Tang-Fu. Post navigation ← Arvin Vohra: Open Letter to the People of Syria, Iran, Iraq, and Other Nations Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Social Networks IPR on Twitter Facebook IPR page Facebook IPR group Search for: CategoriesCategories Select Category Constitution Party  (1,855) Green Party  (3,687) Independents  (2,689) Libertarian Party  (8,232) Liberty/Free Market Parties  (132) Non-left/right parties  (1,236) open threads  (100) Proposition 14  (126) Right-wing minor parties  (960) Socialist/left parties  (1,634) Third parties, general  (1,304) Uncategorized  (216) Recent Comments To the Cowardly Collaborators of the Libertarian Party of Florida, and a Call to Action Against Them | Libertarians United Against fascism on Knapp: Replace LP of Florida Exec Comm and Bylaws Paul Grad on Socialist Party USA Statement on Syria SocraticGadfly on Socialist Party USA Statement on Syria Dave on Socialist Party USA Statement on Syria Paul Grad on Socialist Party USA Statement on Syria Anthony Dlugos on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus paulie on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus Thomas L. Knapp on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus Anthony Dlugos on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus paulie on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus Wes Wagner on New (R) Oregon SOS Reaffirms Current Libertarian Party of Oregon Leadership dL on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus Thomas L. Knapp on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus paulie on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus paulie on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus paulie on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus paulie on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus paulie on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus Anthony Dlugos on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus paulie on New (R) Oregon SOS Reaffirms Current Libertarian Party of Oregon Leadership Recent Entries Ralph Nader: ‘The Savings and Stability of Public Banking’ April 11, 2017 Arvin Vohra: Open Letter to the People of Syria, Iran, Iraq, and Other Nations April 11, 2017 Pennsylvania Likely to Hold a Special U.S. House Election Later This Year; Greens and Libertarians Can Run Without Petitioning April 11, 2017 April 2017 Open Thread April 11, 2017 Socialist Party USA Statement on Syria April 10, 2017 Illinois LP elects five new office holders April 10, 2017 Libertarian Party: ‘We are going to outmaneuver and outwork them’ April 9, 2017 Zachary Foster: ‘Breaking News from Havana! Secret Police going after more libertarians after LNC resolution’ April 9, 2017 David Colborne: Augustus Sol Invictus Is Not Welcome In My State April 9, 2017 Update on Augustus Invictus criminal allegations and retraction of censure from Florida LP; possible disaffiliation by LNC floated April 8, 2017 Libertarian state conventions in Arkansas, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico this weekend April 8, 2017 Green Party statement on Trump’s missile strike in Syria April 8, 2017 New (R) Oregon SOS Reaffirms Current Libertarian Party of Oregon Leadership April 7, 2017 Libertarian Party: We denounce last night’s strikes on Syria April 7, 2017 Carla Howell: ‘Libertarians: The men and women in the arena’ April 7, 2017 PSL, ANSWER Coalition organizing protests against Trump’s war on Syria April 7, 2017 Knapp: Replace LP of Florida Exec Comm and Bylaws April 7, 2017 Free Speech and No Platform: A Brief Libertarian Case for Silencing Fascists April 7, 2017 Cynthia McKinney “Tells All” On Trump And Dyncorp April 7, 2017 The “Libertarian Party of Oregon” (PAC) that doesn’t have ballot access or LP.org listing holds convention, reelects officers April 6, 2017 Contributors' Blogs California Libertarian Report Free Virginia Green Party Watch Hammer of Truth Kn@ppster Liberty Point On The Wilder Side Saturn's Repository The NAP Pledge Uncovered Politics News Sources American Third Party Report Ballot Access News Free And Equal Freedom Gulch Green Party Watch Liberation News Liberty for America Opposition News People's World The Green Papers The Militant Workers World World Socialist Website Other Blogs Lew Rockwell Libertarian Solution Nader Blog Reason Hit & Run Socialist Webzine The North Star The Punk Patriot The Think3 Institute Other Websites Libertarian Majority Politics1 US Election Atlas Party Websites Constitution Party Green Party of the US Justice Party Libertarian Party Peace and Freedom Party Reform Party Socialist Party USA Vermont Progressive Party Readers' Blogs Ballot Access News City Church of New Orleans Free Press Publications Nick Sarwark Old Dominion Libertarian Outright Libertarians Archives Archives Select Month April 2017  (52) March 2017  (66) February 2017  (30) January 2017  (28) December 2016  (28) November 2016  (80) October 2016  (100) September 2016  (100) August 2016  (119) July 2016  (104) June 2016  (127) May 2016  (188) April 2016  (112) March 2016  (90) February 2016  (94) January 2016  (162) December 2015  (162) November 2015  (152) October 2015  (132) September 2015  (144) August 2015  (132) July 2015  (156) June 2015  (104) May 2015  (140) April 2015  (210) March 2015  (232) February 2015  (208) January 2015  (188) December 2014  (120) November 2014  (116) October 2014  (118) September 2014  (28) August 2014  (122) July 2014  (198) June 2014  (168) May 2014  (152) April 2014  (142) March 2014  (116) February 2014  (156) January 2014  (236) December 2013  (208) November 2013  (110) October 2013  (116) September 2013  (128) August 2013  (166) July 2013  (174) June 2013  (374) May 2013  (251) April 2013  (164) March 2013  (148) February 2013  (72) January 2013  (68) December 2012  (32) November 2012  (82) October 2012  (268) September 2012  (102) August 2012  (84) July 2012  (106) June 2012  (166) May 2012  (178) April 2012  (150) March 2012  (70) February 2012  (82) January 2012  (152) December 2011  (92) November 2011  (60) October 2011  (156) September 2011  (222) August 2011  (64) July 2011  (50) June 2011  (112) May 2011  (100) April 2011  (112) March 2011  (254) February 2011  (196) January 2011  (256) December 2010  (98) November 2010  (302) October 2010  (328) September 2010  (282) August 2010  (293) July 2010  (284) June 2010  (234) May 2010  (373) April 2010  (258) March 2010  (150) February 2010  (248) January 2010  (168) December 2009  (290) November 2009  (78) October 2009  (69) September 2009  (228) August 2009  (131) July 2009  (128) June 2009  (68) May 2009  (84) April 2009  (238) March 2009  (132) February 2009  (178) January 2009  (252) December 2008  (362) November 2008  (364) October 2008  (346) September 2008  (412) August 2008  (218) July 2008  (289) June 2008  (305) May 2008  (176) Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe It's Mission Half Accomplished as Kuroda Eyes Last Year at BOJ by Toru Fujioka More stories by Toru Fujioka April 11, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT Inflation isn’t near the Bank of Japan’s 2 percent target Governor Haruhiko Kuroda’s term ends on April 8, 2018 Haruhiko Kuroda. Photographer: Kiyoshi Ota/Bloomberg As Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda enters what may be his final year in office, it’s looking unlikely he’ll achieve what he set out to -- end deflation once and for all. Continuing the bank’s history of radical policy measures, there were initial signs that prices were responding to the shock-and-awe of Abenomics in Kuroda’s early days in the job. But that was undercut by a collapse in oil prices and a fall in consumption after a tax hike pushed the nation into recession. While prices look to be rising again, Kuroda’s 2 percent inflation target looks a bridge too far in his final year: economists forecast prices will rise 0.6 percent this year and 0.9 percent in 2018. Unless he agrees to stay on for another five-year term, success or failure of the current policy will come in the term of his successor. "Kuroda’s massive easing helped weaken the yen, boost stock prices and alleviate concerns of a return to a deep deflation," said Masamichi Adachi, a senior economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. and a former BOJ official. But, "in terms of the price target, it’s an absolute failure given he initially aimed to achieve it in two years."  Adachi said he wants to wait and see what Kuroda does for the rest of his term before giving an overall assessment of his tenure. Kuroda started in 2013 with a bang, doubling the size of the BOJ’s quantitative easing program in a bid to boost growth and push inflation to 2 percent in two years. By buying bonds and other assets, he aimed to drive down borrowing costs and boost inflation expectations. While inflation has proved tough to budge, lending has been more responsive and is now rising at the quickest pace in years. The expansion of the money supply has also helped weaken Japan’s currency, restoring some competitiveness to exporters. That boosted stock prices and helped corporate profits hit a record.  As for economic growth, there’s been success on that front too: Gross domestic product expanded by more than 1 percent in each of the quarters of 2016. That’s the first year since 2005 without a contraction and caps a 10 percent expansion since Prime Minister Shinzo Abe returned to power at the end of 2012. But the unprecedented stimulus came with a cost that will hang over whoever takes the reins next April: a balance sheet that’s getting close to equaling a full year’s GDP. When the day finally does come to start winding back the bank’s easing polices, all those assets will weigh heavily on the BOJ as losses mount. BNP Paribas SA estimates the BOJ will own 60 percent of the entire government debt market by the end of next year, up from 40 percent now. Sooner is better for the BOJ to unwind its stimulus, according to Ryutaro Kono, chief Japan economist at the BNP. He says the bank needs to avoid the risks from further enlarging its balance sheet as that could cost trillions of yen when it exits the current policy. The bank itself says that its policies could cause it problems. If bond yields at the end of September 2016 had risen by 1 percentage point, the BOJ would have had almost 24 trillion yen ($216 billion) in unrealized bond losses, Masayoshi Amamiya, executive director in charge of monetary policy and markets, said this week. But for now, the balance sheet bubble is tomorrow’s problem. The 72-year-old Kuroda will preside over eight more policy meetings if he retires as scheduled -- although some BOJ analysts are talking about him being reappointed -- and most economists see no tightening. Etsuro Honda, who advises Abe on economic policy, said earlier this year that the next governor must be someone who can seamlessly continue the current reflationary program and carry on what Kuroda has done. And that means the quest to vanquish deflation is likely to extend into 2018 and beyond. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Peregrine Pharmaceuticals (PPHM) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds SolarCity Corp (SCTY) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.40 Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Effect OceanFirst Financial Corp. (OCFC) Stock Price Analysts Expect Duke Realty Corp (DRE) Will Post Earnings of $0.29 Per Share B2Gold Corp (BTG) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Trilogy Metals Inc (TMQ) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest MAG Silver Corp (MAG) Short Interest Update Interactive Brokers Group (IBKR) Getting Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Lifeway Foods (LWAY) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.44 Mizuho Financial Group (MFG) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Pool (POOL) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Finds The Ensign Group (ENSG) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Mellanox Technologies (MLNX) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.46 Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. (EVBS) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Anticipate Air Transport Services Group Inc. (ATSG) Will Announce Earnings of $0.12 Per Share Analysts Expect Inter Parfums, Inc. (IPAR) to Announce $0.31 EPS Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.27 Billion Brokerages Anticipate Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) to Post $0.58 Earnings Per Share First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Citigroup Inc Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.40 April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) has been trending positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group, a service of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Prudential Public Limited Company earned a coverage optimism score of 0.40 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave headlines about the company an impact score of 69 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next few days. PUK has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Societe Generale raised shares of Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $43.20. Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) traded up 0.89% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $42.14. 307,932 shares of the stock traded hands. Prudential Public Limited Company has a one year low of $29.14 and a one year high of $44.21. The stock has a market capitalization of $54.16 billion, a PE ratio of 22.41 and a beta of 1.68. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $41.62 and a 200-day moving average price of $38.75. The firm also recently disclosed a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.744 dividend. This is a boost from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a yield of 3.5%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.40” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/prudential-public-limited-company-puk-earns-daily-media-sentiment-rating-of-0-40.html. Prudential Public Limited Company Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Guitarist J. Geils found dead in Groton home United CEO apologizes for treatment of passenger dragged off plane Romney’s binders, still full of women, are unearthed The real dangers of running while female Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In US not likely to tag China a currency manipulator, official says E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Evan Vucci/AP President Donald Trump. By Andrew Mayeda and Jennifer Jacobs Bloomberg News  April 11, 2017 WASHINGTON — A top outside adviser to President Trump said the United States probably won’t name China a currency manipulator in a report due this month, a move that would break a key campaign promise and another shift from the administration’s tough trade talk. “I would doubt that would happen,” Stephen Schwarzman, chairman of Blackstone Group, told Bloomberg Television when asked about how China would be designated in the Treasury Department’s first currency report under Trump. Schwarzman chairs the president’s strategy and policy forum, a panel of business leaders that includes JPMorgan Chase chief executive Jamie Dimon and BlackRock chief executive Laurence Fink. Advertisement The Treasury is expected to release its report this month. It is required to report to Congress twice a year on whether America’s major trading partners are gaming their currencies. The last report, in October, included China and five other nations on a watch list of countries at risk of engaging in unfair foreign-exchange practices, but it didn’t name any country a manipulator — a step the United States hasn’t taken since 1994. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Sparing China from being labeled a currency manipulator would be the latest indication that Trump’s rhetoric on trade as the Republican candidate last year was harsher than the policies he’s establishing as president. The administration has yet to launch renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, another step Trump promised during the campaign. Nor has the country imposed punitive tariffs on foreign countries or US companies that move jobs offshore, as Trump has threatened. Trump accused China during the election campaign of manipulating its currency to gain the upper hand in trade. But he didn’t follow through on his promise to label the country a manipulator on his first day in office, and Trump didn’t mention the issue publicly during Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to Florida this month. After the meeting, the White House announced a 100-day plan to discuss re-balancing the bilateral trade relationship. Advertisement Schwarzman chaired the second meeting of Trump’s advisory panel on Tuesday at the White House. Schwarzman said China didn’t come up Tuesday in a meeting with the president and five Cabinet secretaries. The Treasury created a new monitoring list in April after Congress passed a law requiring closer scrutiny of foreign-exchange regimes. Treasury officials developed three criteria to decide if countries are being unfair: an economy having a trade surplus with the United States above $20 billion; having a current-account surplus amounting to more than 3 percent of its gross domestic product; repeatedly depreciating its currency by buying foreign assets equivalent to 2 percent of output over the year. Meeting all three would trigger action by the president to enter discussions with the country and seek potential penalties. In the October report, the Treasury noted that China has actually been intervening in exchange markets to prop up the yuan. While the currency has dropped 6.5 percent against the dollar this year, it has appreciated nearly 17 percent since 2005, when China loosened its peg against the greenback. “If you just let the Treasury guys do their jobs, it’s unlikely” the United States will name China a manipulator, said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, the president of the American Action Forum and former chief economist to George W. Bush’s Council of Economic Advisers. “If you look at the recent data, it’s inconsistent with currency manipulation.” The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, told reporters in a conference call on Tuesday that Trump should designate China a currency manipulator and pressure Chinese leaders to end subsidies for aluminum and other commodities. Trump hasn’t done enough to crack down on China’s theft of intellectual property from US businesses or force the country to more fully open its markets to foreign competition. “For far too long, China [has] taken us to the cleaners as far as the economy,” Schumer, of New York, said. “I can’t think of a single job they have saved by a single action against China.” The Treasury may toughen its currency criteria so the yuan is found to be out of step with economic fundamentals, said David Dollar, a former Treasury official and China expert at the Brookings Institution in Washington. Such a finding might pressure China to avoid letting the yuan fall too far, without accusing the government of manipulation. “The manipulator language suggests you’re directly intervening,” he said. “The language of misalignment is that you’re far away from some kind of long-run equilibrium.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Skip to content About DV Archives Donate Contact Us Submissions Books Links Browse by Topic “Aid”  (25) “Third” Party  (303) (Ex-)Yugoslavia  (109) /dev/null  (258) 9-11  (158) Abortion  (20) Academic Freedom  (170) Activism  (1,956) Adoption  (1) Afghanistan  (765) Africa  (165) Agriculture  (166) ALBA  (14) Algeria  (11) Anarchism  (159) Angola  (12) Anthropology  (3) Anti-slavery  (90) Anti-war  (1,111) Aotearoa (New Zealand)  (35) Apartheid  (2) Argentina  (62) Armenia  (16) Arts and/or Entertainment  (154) ASEAN  (1) Asia  (100) Assassinations  (215) Austerity  (192) Australia  (175) Austria  (16) Azerbaijan  (14) Bahrain  (55) Bangladesh  (24) Banks  (513) Barack Obama  (403) BDS (Boycott Divestment and Sanctions Movement)  (18) Beer  (5) Belarus  (9) Belgium  (22) Belize  (1) Blowback  (154) Bolivia (Warisata)  (85) Book Review  (543) Botswana  (5) Boycott  (187) Brazil  (123) BRICS  (29) Bulgaria  (10) Burkina Faso  (5) Burundi  (9) Cambodia  (44) Cameroon  (2) Canada  (550) Capitalism  (1,981) Carding/Profiling  (1) Caribbean  (26) Cartoon  (132) Caucasus  (41) Censorship  (257) Central African Republic  (1) Central Ixachilan (America)  (56) Chad  (1) Charter Schools  (3) Children/Youth  (298) Chile  (72) China  (478) CIA  (326) Civil Disobedience  (108) Civil Liberties  (475) Classism  (745) Climate Change  (441) Cluster bombs  (6) Colombia  (108) Colonialism  (397) Communism/Marxism/Maoism  (204) Consumer Advocacy  (152) Corporate Globalization  (997) Corruption  (864) Costa Rica  (9) Crime  (222) Crimes against Humanity  (718) Crimes against Peace  (73) Cuba  (211) Culture  (1,047) Currency  (81) Cyber attacks  (23) Cyprus  (11) Czech Republic  (13) Darfur  (8) Death Penalty  (53) Debt  (129) Democracy  (1,336) Democratic Rep. Congo  (78) Democrats  (962) Denmark  (39) Disasters  (161) Discrimination  (436) Disinformation  (1,265) Djibouti  (8) Dominican Republic  (6) Donald Trump  (155) Drones  (286) Drug Wars  (129) East Timor  (25) Ecocide  (2) Ecology  (5) Economy/Economics  (1,446) Ecuador  (81) Education  (595) Egypt  (321) El Salvador  (23) Elections  (1,084) Empire  (788) Employment  (245) Energy  (390) EnMo Economics  (3) Environment  (1,023) Environmentalists  (60) Equatorial Guinea  (4) Eritrea  (17) Espionage/”Intelligence”  (621) Ethiopia  (35) EU  (258) Eurasia  (4) Europe  (208) Extinction  (21) Fake News  (14) False Flag  (21) Fascism  (296) FBI  (137) Federal Reserve  (2) Feminism  (44) Fiction  (73) Fiji  (1) Film Review  (187) Finance  (575) Finland  (12) Fishing/Fish farming  (23) Food/Nutrition  (244) Fracking  (114) France  (326) Freedom of Expression/Speech  (301) Gabon  (1) Gender  (161) General  (806) Genocide  (323) George W. Bush  (3) Georgia  (9) Germany  (233) Ghana  (1) GMO  (116) Greece  (189) Grenada  (6) Guantanamo  (77) Guatemala  (34) Guinea  (3) Guns  (107) Haiti  (146) Health/Medical  (744) Heroes  (121) History  (718) Honduras  (78) Housing/Homelessness  (218) Human Rights  (1,052) Humor  (156) Hungary  (18) Hunger  (102) Iceland  (36) IMF  (104) Immigration/Immigrants  (2) Imperialism  (1,383) Incarceration  (319) India  (216) Indonesia  (76) Insurance  (7) International Criminal Court  (35) Internet  (117) Interview  (298) Iran  (757) Iraq  (1,136) Ireland  (37) Israel/Palestine  (2,929) Italy  (73) Ivory Coast  (3) Jamaica  (1) Japan  (218) Jordan  (72) Journalism  (93) Justice  (692) Kalaallit Nunaat/Greenland  (17) Kazakhstan  (3) Kenya  (10) Korea  (133) Kuwait  (39) Kyrgyzstan  (13) Labor  (714) Language  (228) Laos  (26) Latvia  (7) Leaving da Camera On  (2) Lebanon  (168) Legal/Constitutional  (430) LGBTQ  (68) Liberia  (2) Libertarianism  (34) Libya  (453) Life/Animal Rights  (210) Literature  (70) Logging  (22) Macedonia  (1) Malaysia  (24) Mali  (28) Marijuana  (11) Markets  (106) Massacres  (6) Mauritania  (1) Media  (2,133) Mercenaries  (209) Mexico  (180) Micronesia  (1) Middle East  (504) Migration  (199) Militarism  (2,703) Mining  (135) Money supply  (63) Mongolia  (3) Morocco  (13) Mossad  (41) Mozambigue  (1) Music  (143) Myanmar/Burma  (38) Namibia  (7) Narrative  (315) NASA  (1) NATO  (455) Neoliberalism  (716) Nepal  (13) Netherlands  (15) New Orleans  (93) NGOs  (168) Nicaragua  (40) Niger  (1) Nigeria  (25) Norway  (48) NSA  (131) Nuclear Energy  (61) Nukes  (275) Obituary  (100) Occupy movement  (103) Oceania  (10) Oceans/Seas  (151) Oil, Gas, Coal, Pipelines  (464) Olympics  (8) Oman  (1) Opinion  (586) Original Peoples  (411) Osama Bin Laden  (50) Pakistan  (340) Panama  (23) Papua New Guinea  (3) Paraguay  (29) Patriotism  (62) Peru  (30) Pesticides  (42) Pharmaceuticals  (120) Philippines  (59) Philosophy  (327) Poetry  (1,427) Poland  (23) Police  (543) Political Prisoners  (92) Politics  (336) Pollution  (131) Portugal  (20) Poverty  (452) Prejudice  (434) Prison Industry  (5) Privacy  (140) Privatization  (153) Propaganda  (1,313) Psychology/Psychiatry  (202) Public Relations  (2) Puerto Rico  (34) Qatar  (109) Racism  (1,192) Referendums  (28) Refugees  (228) Religion  (561) Rendition  (15) Renewables  (65) Resistance  (567) Revolution  (415) Right Wing Jerks  (587) Romania  (7) Russia  (733) Rwanda  (55) Salmon  (23) Sanctions  (109) Satire  (205) Saudi Arabia  (321) School Yard Fights  (110) Science/Technology  (388) Security  (295) Serbia  (4) Sexuality  (95) Seychelles  (1) Sierra Leone  (3) Singapore  (4) Slavery  (2) Slovakia  (1) Social media  (58) Social Security  (136) Socialism  (359) Society  (2) Solidarity  (603) Solitary confinement  (5) Somalia  (87) South Africa  (74) South Ixachilan (America)  (160) South Sudan  (9) Spain  (87) Sports  (171) Sri Lanka  (60) Statism  (60) Students  (230) Sudan  (35) Supreme Court  (109) Sustainability  (111) Sweat shop  (30) Sweden  (54) Switzerland  (28) Syria  (813) Taiwan  (4) Tajikistan  (4) Tanzania  (5) Tax  (188) Tea Party movement  (122) Terrorism (state and retail)  (832) Thailand  (17) The Lobby  (330) Tibet  (9) Torture  (412) TPP  (108) Trade  (104) Transparency/Secrecy  (50) Transportation  (66) Tunisia  (55) Turkey  (264) Turkmenistan  (2) Turtle Island  (55) Uganda  (31) Ukraine  (293) Unions  (341) United Arab Emirates  (35) United Kingdom  (887) United Nations  (583) United States  (2) Universal Basic Income  (3) Universities/Colleges  (5) Uruguay  (19) Uzbekistan  (5) Venezuela  (256) Video  (344) Viet Nam  (220) Vote  (4) Wage  (65) Wage Slavery  (3) Wall Street  (186) War Crimes  (978) Water  (153) Weaponry  (386) Weapons Sales  (19) West Papua  (9) Western Sahara  (5) Whistleblowing  (288) WikiLeaks  (227) Yemen  (210) Zambia  (2) Zimbabwe  (15) Zionism  (1,155) Poetry on Sunday Latest Articles The Savings and Stability of Public Banking Ralph Nader / 04/11/2017 The Political Push Rightwards in Canada Yves Engler / 04/11/2017 Reflecting on Syria Andre Vltchek / 04/11/2017 Pipelines, Tomahawks, and the Syrian Gulf of Tonkin John Rohn Hall / 04/11/2017 2017 Amerika: A New Reich? Philip A. Faruggio / 04/11/2017 Chemical Attack in Idlib: Duplication of Scenario in Eastern Ghouta Mariam al-Hijab / 04/10/2017 Media Promote Baseless Assertions By Government Officials Of Russian Interference As Facts Matt Peppe / 04/10/2017 Make America Neocon Again Gilad Atzmon / 04/09/2017 Caribbean Reparations Movement Must Put Capitalism on Trial Ajamu Nangwaya / 04/09/2017 Manic Barbarian Lament Paul Tristram / 04/09/2017 Recommended Reading The Structural-Anarchism Manifesto Michel Luc Bellemare Human Acts Han Kang The CIA as Organized Crime: How Illegal Operations Corrupt America and the World Douglas Valentine A Propaganda System: How Canada’s Government, Corporations, Media and Academia Sell War Yves Engler No More Work: Why Full Employment Is a Bad Idea James Livingston J Is for Junk Economics: A Guide to Reality in an Age of Deception Michael Hudson Ukraine in the Crossfire Chris de Ploeg The Lost Hegemon: Whom the Gods Would Destroy F. William Engdahl Breaking Through Power: It's Easier Than We Think Ralph Nader How to Win Friends and Avoid Sacred Cows: Weird Adventures in India: Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims When the Peace Corps was New David Macaray More books » The Savings and Stability of Public Banking by Ralph Nader / April 11th, 2017 As a society obsessed by money, we pay a gigantic price for not educating high school and college students about money and banking. The ways of the giant global banks – both commercial and investment operations – are as mysterious as they are damaging to the people. Big banks use the Federal Reserve to maximize their influence and profits. The federal Freedom of Information Act provides an exemption for matters that are “contained in or related to examination, operating, or condition reports prepared by, on behalf of, or for the use of an agency responsible for the regulation or supervision of financial institutions.” This exemption allows financial institutions to wallow in secrecy. Financial institutions are so influential in Congress that Senator Durbin (D, IL) says “[The banks] frankly own this place.” Although anti-union, giant financial institutions have significant influence over the investments of worker pension funds. Their certainty of being bailed out because they are seen as “too big to fail” harms the competitiveness of smaller, community banks and allows the big bankers to take bigger risks with “other people’s money,” as Justice Brandeis put it. These big banks are so pervasive in their reach that even unions and progressive media, such as The Nation magazine and Democracy Now have their accounts with JP Morgan Chase. The government allows banks to have concentrated power. Taxpayers and Consumers are charged excessive fees and paid paltry interest rates on savings. The bonds of municipalities are are also hit with staggering fees and public assets like highways and public drinking water systems are corporatized by Goldman Sachs and other privatizers with sweetheart multi-decade leases. Then there are the immense taxpayer bailouts of Wall Street, such as those in 2008-2009 after the financial industry’s recklessness and crimes brought down the economy, cost workers 8 million jobs, and shredded the pension and mutual fund savings of the American people. Standing like a beacon of stability, responsiveness and profitability is the 98 year-old, state-owned Bank of North Dakota (BND). As reported by Ellen Brown, prolific author and founder of the Public Banking Institute (Santa Clarita, California), “The BND has had record profits for the last 12 years” (avoiding the Wall Street crash) “each year outperforming the last. In 2015 it reported $130.7 million in earnings, total assets of $7.4 billion, capital of $749 million, and a return on investment of a whopping 18.1 percent. Its lending portfolio grew by $486 million, a 12.7 percent increase, with growth in all four of its areas of concentration: agriculture, business, residential and student loans…” North Dakota’s economy is depressed because of the sharp drop in oil prices. So the BND moved to help. Again, Ellen Brown: In 2015, it introduced new infrastructure programs to improve access to medical facilities, remodel or construct new schools, and build new road and water infrastructure. The Farm Financial Stability Loan was introduced to assist farmers affected by low commodity prices or below-average crop production. The BND also helped fund 300 new businesses. All this is in a state with half the population of Phoenix or Philadelphia. A California coalition is forming to establish a state-owned bank for California. Coalition organizers say a California State Bank will cut the state’s long-term financing costs in half, compared to what avaricious Wall Street is charging. The nation’s largest state (equivalent to the world’s sixth largest economy) can free itself from massive debt accumulation, bid-rigging, deceptive interest-rate swaps and capital appreciation bonds at 300% interest over time. What assets does the state have to make this bank fully operational? California has surplus funds which total about $600 billion, including those in a Pooled Money Investment account managed by the State Treasurer that contains $54 billion earning less than 1 percent interest. Money in these funds is earmarked for specific expenditure purposes, but they can be invested – in a new state bank. To escape from a Wall Street that is, in Brown’s words “sucking massive sums in interest, fees and interest rate swap payments out of California and into offshore tax havens,” a state bank can use its impressive credit power to develop infrastructure in California. Huge state pension funds and other state funds can provide the deposits. Each one billion dollar capital investment can lend $10 billion for projects less expensively and under open stable banking control by California. Presently, California and other states routinely deposit hundreds of billions of dollars in Wall Street banks at minimal interest, turn around and borrow for infrastructure construction and repair from the Wall Street bond market at much higher interest and fees. This is a ridiculous form of debt peonage, a lesson Governor Jerry Brown has yet to learn. He and other officials similarly uninformed about how the state of California can be its own banker should visit publicbankinginstitute.org and read Ellen Brown’s book, The Public Bank Solution. Legislation for public banks is being pursued in the states of Washington, Michigan, Arizona and New Jersey, as well as the cities of Philadelphia and Santa Fe. Look for county commissioners and state treasurers to come on board when they see the enormous safeguards and savings that can be secured through “public banks” in contrast to the convoluted casino run by unaccountable Wall Street gamblers and speculators. A longtime backer of public banking, retired entrepreneur Richard Mazess, hopes that national civic groups like Public Citizen, Common Cause, People for the American Way and Consumer Watchdog can get behind the proposal. “Public, not private, infrastructure is essential for an equitable economy,” he says. California already has a public infrastructure bank called the IBank. Mr. Mazess and others believe that expanding the existing IBank into a depository institution would be more likely to pass through the California legislature. The deposits would come from public institutions, and NGOs (not from private persons). These pension funds and other public deposits would become reserves and serve as the basis for safely leveraged loans to public projects at a conservative tenfold multiplier. No derivatives or other shenanigans allowed. Before that proposal can be enacted, however, there needs to be much more education of state legislators and the public at large. Such enlightenment would illuminate the enormous savings, along with the restoration of state sovereignty from the absentee, exploitative grip of an unrepentant, speculating, profiteering Wall Street that believes it can always go to Washington, DC for its taxpayer bailouts. Ralph Nader is a leading consumer advocate, the author of Unstoppable The Emerging Left Right Alliance to Dismantle the Corporate State (2014), among many other books, and a four-time candidate for US President. Read other articles by Ralph, or visit Ralph's website. This article was posted on Tuesday, April 11th, 2017 at 3:23pm and is filed under Banks. All content © 2007-2017 Dissident Voice and respective authors | Subscribe to the DV RSS feed | Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Douglas Emmett Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dena Co Ltd (DNACF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” $72.98 Million in Sales Expected for The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) This Quarter Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on Goldcorp (GG) Legacy Private Trust Co. Sells 39,594 Shares of Apache Co. (APA) Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Position Cut by Legacy Private Trust Co. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Increases Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) CME Group Inc (CME) Position Maintained by Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Legacy Private Trust Co. Sells 1,634 Shares of Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) SOL Capital Management CO Has $855,000 Stake in eBay Inc (EBAY) SOL Capital Management CO Cuts Stake in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Toyota Motor Corp (TM) Stake Held by SOL Capital Management CO SOL Capital Management CO Has $742,000 Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Time Warner (TWX) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.42 Terreno Realty (TRNO) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.05 Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Hold Rating for Edison International (EIX) Investors Buy High Volume of Put Options on JD.Com (JD) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Now Covered by Craig Hallum Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Coverage Initiated at Stifel Nicolaus P.R. Herzig & Co. Inc. Has $1.372 Million Stake in PTC Inc (PTC) Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Douglas Emmett, Inc. (NYSE:DEI) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a $44.00 price objective on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Zacks Investment Research’s target price points to a potential upside of 11.36% from the company’s previous close. According to Zacks, “DOUGLAS EMMETT INC is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust and one of the largest owners and operators of high-quality office and multifamily properties located in premier submarkets in California and Hawaii. The Company’s properties are concentrated in ten submarkets Brentwood, Olympic Corridor, Century City, Santa Monica, Beverly Hills, Westwood, Sherman Oaks/Encino, Warner Center/Woodland Hills, Burbank and Honolulu. The Company focuses on owning and acquiring a substantial share of top-tier office properties and premier multifamily communities in neighborhoods that possess significant supply constraints, high-end executive housing and key lifestyle amenities. “ Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on shares of Douglas Emmett from $38.00 to $40.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Evercore ISI lowered shares of Douglas Emmett from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Mizuho boosted their price target on shares of Douglas Emmett from $37.00 to $39.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of Douglas Emmett from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $30.00 to $38.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $37.00 price target on shares of Douglas Emmett in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $37.71. Douglas Emmett (NYSE:DEI) traded up 0.36% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $39.51. 687,724 shares of the company were exchanged. Douglas Emmett has a 1-year low of $31.07 and a 1-year high of $40.79. The firm has a market capitalization of $6.05 billion, a P/E ratio of 71.32 and a beta of 0.76. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $38.98 and a 200 day moving average of $37.32. Douglas Emmett (NYSE:DEI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $194.64 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $192.10 million. Douglas Emmett had a net margin of 11.50% and a return on equity of 3.03%. Douglas Emmett’s revenue was up 21.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.41 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Douglas Emmett will post $0.53 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 14th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.23 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.33%. Douglas Emmett’s payout ratio is 164.29%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy”” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/douglas-emmett-inc-dei-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-buy.html. In related news, Chairman Dan A. Emmett sold 145,456 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.15, for a total transaction of $5,694,602.40. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Chairman Dan A. Emmett sold 100,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $38.34, for a total transaction of $3,834,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 375,051 shares of company stock worth $14,394,960 over the last 90 days. Insiders own 23.00% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Ngam Advisors L.P. raised its stake in Douglas Emmett by 4.4% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 87,109 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3,191,000 after buying an additional 3,698 shares during the last quarter. M&T Bank Corp raised its stake in Douglas Emmett by 5.2% in the third quarter. M&T Bank Corp now owns 18,660 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $683,000 after buying an additional 930 shares during the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC raised its stake in Douglas Emmett by 7.3% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 30,371 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,112,000 after buying an additional 2,059 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in Douglas Emmett by 2.5% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 54,295 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,989,000 after buying an additional 1,348 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rothschild Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Douglas Emmett by 9.2% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 471,181 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $17,259,000 after buying an additional 39,682 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 99.06% of the company’s stock. Douglas Emmett Company Profile Douglas Emmett, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is owner and operator of office and multifamily properties located in submarkets in Los Angeles and Honolulu. The Company operates through two segments: the acquisition, development, ownership and management of office real estate (Office Segment), and the acquisition, development, ownership and management of multifamily real estate (Multifamily Segment). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Douglas Emmett (DEI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Douglas Emmett Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article Read This Before You Buy Dividend Stocks Dividend stocks can be a great addition to your portfolio Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Why Millennials Need to Worry About Disability and Social Security It's not a priority for them, but it should be My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search JPMorgan vs. Wells Fargo: Which Is Better Ahead of Earnings? April 11, 2017, 01:30:00 PM EDT By Swarup Gupta, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo Possibly the single largest beneficiary of the "Trump Rally" -- bank stocks -- were quick to latch onto expectations of an easier regulatory environment following a surprise election result. Starting Nov 7, the KBW Nasdaq Bank Index gained 32% to attain a peak level on Mar 1. The industry received yet another boost on Mar 15 when the Federal Reserve raised rates for the third time in 15 months, as well as a decade. But bank stocks have been falling steadily recently with the same index losing more than 6% over the last month. Trump's failure to pass a new healthcare law has led to questions about his ability to push through changes to the Dodd Frank Act. Concerns about valuations are also doing the rounds. In this context, key bank earnings scheduled for release over this week and the next, including Goldman Sachs GS and Morgan Stanley MS , assume greater significance. With JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPM and Wells Fargo & Company WFC scheduled to report on Apr 13, this may be a good time to consider which of these is a better stock. Both of them have a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Wells Fargo Combats Sales Scam Woes, JPM Hikes Dividend Wells Fargo has remained in the news following the sales scam that came into light in Sep 2016. The San Francisco-based banking giant undertook a number of steps to restore its reputation, post scandal. Moreover, management proposed to eliminate sales goals for its retail banking business earlier than planned. (Read: Wells Fargo (WFC) to Post Q1 Earnings: What's in Store? ) In contrast, JPMorgan approved a 4.2% hike in the company's quarterly common stock dividend last month. The revised quarterly dividend now comes in at 50 cents per share, compared with the previous figure of 48 cents. The dividend will be paid on Apr 30, 2017, to shareholders of record as of Apr 6. (Read: JPMorgan (JPM) Rewards Shareholders with 4.2% Dividend Hike ) Return on Assets (ROA) Currently, Wells Fargo holds total assets of $1.93 trillion while JPMorgan has total assets of 2.49 trillion. Our research shows that the average one year trailing 12-month ROA for Wells Fargo stands at 1.2%, higher than 1% for JPMorgan. Price Performance Shares of both JPMorgan and Wells Fargo have remained depressed in the year-to-date period, with the stocks losing 0.5% and 1%, respectively in the time frame. However, over the last year, JPMorgan has gained 44.9%, outperforming the Zacks categorized Banks - Major Regional industry which has moved up 27.3%. In comparison, Wells Fargo has underperformed the broader industry and JPMorgan, gaining only 14.2% over the last year. Valuation Compared with the S&P 500, the Banks - Major Regional industry is undervalued. This implies that the industry has the potential to gain in the near future. The industry has an average one year trailing 12-month P/B ratio - which is the best multiple for valuing banks because of large variations in their earnings results from one quarter to the next - of 1.50, which is below the S&P 500 average of 3.53. Hence, it might be a good idea not to stay away from stocks belonging to this industry. Coming to the two stocks under consideration, with a P/B ratio of 1.35 Wells Fargo is undervalued compared to the S&P 500 and the industry. However, though JPMorgan is undervalued compared to the S&P, with a P/B ratio of 1.55, it is pricier than the broader industry.  Dividend Yield In the last one-year period, the dividend yield for both JPMorgan and Wells Fargo was higher than the broader industry. The industry has an average dividend yield of 2%, lower than 2.8% for Wells Fargo and 2.3% for JPMorgan. Hence, on a comparable basis, Wells Fargo shareholders earned a better dividend yield than JPMorgan. Earnings History and ESP Driven by impressive trading revenues, JPMorgan's fourth quarter 2016 earnings of $1.71 per share easily surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.42. Managed net revenue of $24.3 billion in the quarter was up 2% from the year-ago quarter. Also, it compared favorably with the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $23.1 billion. In comparison, Wells Fargo posted a more mixed earnings result for the same period.  Driven by interest income, Wells Fargo's fourth-quarter 2016 earnings recorded a positive surprise of about 3%. Adjusted earnings of $1.03 per share outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 3 cents. However, though revenues came in at $88.3 billion, marking a year-over-year increase of 3%, they lagged the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $89.4 billion. Considering a more comprehensive earnings history, JPMorgan has delivered positive surprises in all the prior four quarters with an average earnings surprise of 12.2%. In contrast, Wells Fargo delivered an earnings beat in three of the trailing four quarters, with an average positive earnings surprise of 1.01%. But the situation changes when considering Earnings ESP values, with JPMorgan clocking in at -1.33% while WFC's reading stands at 0%. Conclusion Our comparative analysis shows that JPMorgan holds an edge over Wells Fargo only when considering price performance and earnings history. However, on all other counts, Wells Fargo is clearly a better stock. This is particularly borne out by JPMorgan's negative Earnings ESP value which indicates that it is tipped to miss estimates. This is why it may be better to bet on Wells Fargo over JPMorgan despite both of them carrying a Zacks Rank #3. Looking for Ideas with Even Greater Upside? Most of Zacks' investment ideas are short-term, directly based on our proven 1 to 3 month indicator. In addition, I invite you to consider our long-term opportunities. These rare trades look to start fast with strong Zacks Ranks, but carry through with double and triple-digit profit potential. Starting now, you can look inside our home run, value, and stocks under $10 portfolios, plus more. Click here for a peek at this private information>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM): Free Stock Analysis Report Wells Fargo & Company (WFC): Free Stock Analysis Report Morgan Stanley (MS): Free Stock Analysis Report Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Business , Earnings , Stocks Referenced Symbols: JPM , WFC , MS , GS More from Zacks.com Subscribe JPMorgan vs. Wells Fargo: Which Is Better Ahead of Earnings? Stock Market News for April 11, 2017 Q1 Likely to See Strongest Earnings Since 2011: Top 5 Picks Related Earnings Articles Subscribe Pre-Market Earnings Report for April 12, 2017 : DAL, FAST, SJR, MYCC 4/11/2017 04:00 PM Get Ready To Be Surprised This Earnings Season 4/11/2017 03:20 PM 5 Major Bank Stocks Likely to Trump Q1 Earnings Estimates 4/11/2017 11:21 AM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Most Popular Highest Rated Intrawest Resorts To Be Acquired By Aspen Skiing And KSL In $1.5 Bln Capgemini To Acquire North American Operations Of Ciber For $50 Mln Samsonite says to buy US online bag retailer eBags for $105 mln Twitter revels in role of free speech defender as it sues Trump Kim Dotcom announces new Bitcoin venture for content uploaders to Midday Update: Stocks Return Gains on Reports of Chinese Troop... EXCLUSIVE-North Korean ships head home after China orders coal... Discovery Communications (Nasdaq: DISCA) network Discovery Family and... Footters to Use IBM Cloud Video to Globally Stream Amateur Soccer... Kraft Hockeyville™ USA Announces Top 10 Finalists; First Round of... View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced JPM 73% Rate It WFC 85% Rate It MS 78% Rate It GS 58% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ServisFirst Bancshares Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ServisFirst Bancshares Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Legacy Private Trust Co. Sells 39,594 Shares of Apache Co. (APA) Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Position Cut by Legacy Private Trust Co. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Increases Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) CME Group Inc (CME) Position Maintained by Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Legacy Private Trust Co. Sells 1,634 Shares of Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) SOL Capital Management CO Has $855,000 Stake in eBay Inc (EBAY) SOL Capital Management CO Cuts Stake in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Toyota Motor Corp (TM) Stake Held by SOL Capital Management CO SOL Capital Management CO Has $742,000 Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Time Warner (TWX) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.42 Terreno Realty (TRNO) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.05 Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Hold Rating for Edison International (EIX) Investors Buy High Volume of Put Options on JD.Com (JD) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Now Covered by Craig Hallum Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Coverage Initiated at Stifel Nicolaus P.R. Herzig & Co. Inc. Has $1.372 Million Stake in PTC Inc (PTC) AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Shares Sold by Univest Corp of Pennsylvania Univest Corp of Pennsylvania Has $2.45 Million Stake in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) BofI Holding (BOFI) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.23 Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Increases Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. raised its stake in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFBS) by 103.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 11,800 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 6,000 shares during the period. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc.’s holdings in ServisFirst Bancshares were worth $429,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in shares of ServisFirst Bancshares by 6.3% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 28,078 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,458,000 after buying an additional 1,660 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of ServisFirst Bancshares by 7.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,512,625 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $78,520,000 after buying an additional 108,670 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of ServisFirst Bancshares by 1.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 96,609 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,015,000 after buying an additional 1,012 shares during the last quarter. Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. raised its position in shares of ServisFirst Bancshares by 1.4% in the third quarter. Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. now owns 8,115 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $421,000 after buying an additional 115 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new position in shares of ServisFirst Bancshares during the third quarter valued at approximately $1,291,000. 19.15% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFBS) traded up 1.25% on Tuesday, hitting $34.74. The stock had a trading volume of 181,118 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.83 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.86 and a beta of 1.45. ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. has a 52 week low of $22.56 and a 52 week high of $42.66. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $38.65 and a 200-day moving average price of $34.99. ServisFirst Bancshares (NASDAQ:SFBS) last posted its earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The financial services provider reported $0.40 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.37 by $0.03. ServisFirst Bancshares had a return on equity of 15.91% and a net margin of 34.23%. Equities analysts expect that ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. will post $1.65 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 14th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, April 4th will be issued a $0.05 dividend. This is an increase from ServisFirst Bancshares’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.04. The ex-dividend date is Friday, March 31st. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.58%. ServisFirst Bancshares’s dividend payout ratio is currently 10.85%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/mitchell-mcleod-pugh-williams-inc-increases-position-in-servisfirst-bancshares-inc-sfbs.html. Several brokerages have recently commented on SFBS. Zacks Investment Research raised ServisFirst Bancshares from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $81.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Hovde Group boosted their price objective on ServisFirst Bancshares from $31.50 to $37.00 and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. In other ServisFirst Bancshares news, CFO William M. Foshee sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.06, for a total value of $1,261,800.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, VP Clarence C. Pouncey III sold 50,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.91, for a total value of $2,095,500.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders acquired 41,268 shares of company stock worth $1,723,826 and sold 102,102 shares worth $4,259,654. 14.28% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About ServisFirst Bancshares ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc is a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiary, ServisFirst Bank (the Bank), operates approximately 18 banking offices. Through its bank, the Company originates commercial, consumer and other loans and accepts deposits, provides electronic banking services, such as online and mobile banking, including remote deposit capture, delivers treasury and cash management services, and provides correspondent banking services to other financial institutions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SFBS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFBS). Receive News & Ratings for ServisFirst Bancshares Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ServisFirst Bancshares Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Accuray Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Accuray Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Accuray (ARAY) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Ares Management (ARES) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Alliance Resource Partners, L.P. (ARLP) Share Price A10 Networks (ATEN) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.05 Israel Chemicals (ICL) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Clough Global Opportunities Fund (GLO) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 Hawkins (HWKN) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.25 Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.28 FY2018 EPS Estimates for Total SA (TOT) Boosted by Jefferies Group TheStreet Downgrades City Office REIT Inc (CIO) to D Saratoga Investment Corp (SAR) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet Harris Co. (HRS) Stake Cut by DAVENPORT & Co LLC Fenimore Asset Management Inc. Has $31,090,000 Position in Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) DAVENPORT & Co LLC Decreases Stake in Sunoco LP (SUN) Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Shares Sold by Fenimore Asset Management Inc. DAVENPORT & Co LLC Purchases 5,945 Shares of Colfax Corp (CFX) DAVENPORT & Co LLC Has $807,000 Stake in Omeros Co. (OMER) UCP Inc (UCP) Stake Maintained by Century Communities, Inc. FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Shares Bought by Fenimore Asset Management Inc. Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Accuray (ARAY) Stock Price April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about Accuray (NASDAQ:ARAY) have trended somewhat positive on Tuesday, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a unit of Accern, identifies positive and negative media coverage by monitoring more than 20 million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Accuray earned a media sentiment score of 0.05 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news headlines about the company an impact score of 68 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne’s analysis: The Bears And Bulls Square Off On Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) – NY Stock News (nystocknews.com) Accuray (ARAY) Says First Cancer Patients in Africa Treated with TomoTherapy System – StreetInsider.com (streetinsider.com) Time To Get Cautious? – Accuray Incorporated (ARAY), United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) – USA Commerce Daily (usacommercedaily.com) First Cancer Patients in Africa Treated with the TomoTherapy® System (finance.yahoo.com) Buy/Sell Signals for Fred’s, Inc. (FRED) and Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) – USA Commerce Daily (usacommercedaily.com) Several research firms recently weighed in on ARAY. Aegis began coverage on shares of Accuray in a research note on Monday, February 6th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $7.00 target price for the company. BTIG Research reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Accuray in a research note on Sunday, February 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Accuray from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $8.00 to $6.00 in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Accuray from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $5.25 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $7.89. Accuray (NASDAQ:ARAY) traded down 1.500% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $4.925. 602,102 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $5.02 and its 200 day moving average price is $5.21. The company’s market capitalization is $408.27 million. Accuray has a 12-month low of $4.45 and a 12-month high of $6.39. Accuray (NASDAQ:ARAY) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported ($0.11) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.09) by $0.02. Accuray had a negative net margin of 6.88% and a negative return on equity of 46.38%. The business earned $87.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $93.74 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.08) earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 19.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Accuray will post ($0.19) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Accuray (ARAY) Stock Price” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/somewhat-positive-press-coverage-likely-to-impact-accuray-aray-stock-price.html. Accuray Company Profile Accuray Incorporated is a radiation oncology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets medical devices used in radiation therapy for the treatment of cancer patients. Its products include the CyberKnife Systems, the TomoTherapy Systems, and the Radixact Delivery Treatment Platform. Its technologies, the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy Systems, are designed to deliver treatments, including stereotactic radiosurgery (SRS), stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT), intensity modulated radiation therapy (IMRT), image guided radiation therapy (IGRT) and adaptive radiation therapy. Receive News & Ratings for Accuray Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Accuray Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Liberty Oilfield Services Files for IPO By Chris Lange April 11, 2017 11:55 am EDT Print Email Tweet Liberty Oilfield Services has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering. No pricing details were listed in the filing, but the original filing valued the offering up to $50 million. The company intends to list its stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BDFC. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, Citigroup, JPMorgan, Evercore ISI, Simmons, Tudor Pickering Holt, Houlihan Lokey, Intrepid Partners, Petrie Partners and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. This is a rapidly growing independent provider of hydraulic fracturing services to onshore oil and natural gas exploration and production (E&P) companies in North America. It has grown organically from one active hydraulic fracturing fleet (40,000 HHP) in December 2011 to 13 active fleets (520,000 HHP) in April 2017. The demand for Liberty’s hydraulic fracturing services exceeds current capacity, and the firm expects, based on discussions with customers, to deploy six additional fleets (240,000 HHP) by the end of the first quarter of 2018, for a total of 19 active fleets (aggregating to a total of 792,500 HHP including additional supporting HHP). Additional fleets consist of six fleets the company recently acquired and are upgrading to specifications. Liberty provides services primarily in the Permian Basin, the Denver-Julesburg Basin, the Williston Basin and the Powder River Basin and expects to deploy one or more fleets for customers in the Eagle Ford Shale in the second half of 2017. Its customer base includes a broad range of E&P companies, including Extraction Oil & Gas, SM Energy, Centennial Resource Development, Continental Resources, Devon Energy, Noble Energy and Anadarko Petroleum. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay its debt, as well as for working capital and general corporate purposes. Also some selling stockholders will get a portion of the offering. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Coupa Software Gears Up for Secondary Offering Can Tesla Take a Run at VW’s $70 Billion Market Value? » Read more: Energy Business, crude oil prices, IPOs and Secondaries, oil and gas, oil prices Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States States With No Income Tax How Many People Were Born the Year You Were Born 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons Recent Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 AmTrust, DryShips Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Apple, DuPont Sink DJIA Tuesday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Cherry Coke Debuts in China With Special Edition Cans Was This $50 Million Purchase the Right Move for Amazon? There Are Still Plenty of Reasons to Love Nike WTI oil holds near Nymex settlement in electronic trade after API supply report Nasdaq Composite closes 0.2% lower Dow ends flat; S&P 500 finishes off 0.1% Facebook Continues Its War On Snap With Newest Instagram Feature GoPro (GPRO) Stock Soars With New Trade-Up Program Alibaba-Backed Best Logistics Sets For $1 Billion U.S. IPO Skittish investors seek safe harbor in yen, gold, bonds Trump's message to bankers: Wall Street reform rules may be eliminated Exclusive: Inside edge - Trump advisor Icahn's big bet against biofuels credits Automakers Hope to Reach Deal on 2025 Emissions Akzo Nobel receives request from Elliott for shareholder meeting Oil Rises on Potential Saudi Output Cut Extension Uber, Reeling From Controversies, Loses Another Executive What Donald Trump Doesn't Want You To Know About His Twitter Followers After United Controversy, Chinese Social Media Users Express Outrage Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Unlikely to Tag China Currency Manipulator, Schwarzman Says by Andrew Mayeda @amayeda More stories by Andrew Mayeda and Jennifer Jacobs @JenniferJJacobs More stories by Jennifer Jacobs April 11, 2017, 2:45 PM EDT Trump threatened in election to label China an FX manipulator Treasury report may be latest softening of harsh talk on trade Schwarzman Doubts China Will Be Labeled a Manipulator A top outside adviser to President Donald Trump said the U.S. probably won’t name China a currency manipulator in a report due this month, a move that would break a key campaign promise and another sign of capitulation on the administration’s tough trade talk. “I would doubt that would happen,” Stephen Schwarzman, chairman of Blackstone Group, told Bloomberg Television in an interview, when asked about China being designated in the Treasury Department’s next foreign-exchange report. Schwarzman chairs the president’s strategy and policy forum, a panel of business leaders that includes JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and BlackRock CEO Laurence Fink. The Treasury is expected to release its first currency report under Trump this month. The department is required by law to report to Congress twice a year on whether America’s major trading partners are gaming their currencies. The last report, in October, included China and five other nations on a watch list of countries at risk of engaging in unfair foreign-exchange practices, but it didn’t name any country a manipulator -- a step the U.S. hasn’t taken since 1994. Schwarzman Doubts China Will Be Labeled Manipulator (Source: Bloomberg) Campaign Promises Sparing China from being labeled a currency manipulator would be the latest indication that Trump’s rhetoric on trade as the Republican candidate last year was harsher than the policies he’s establishing as president. The administration has yet to launch renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, another step Trump promised during the campaign. Nor has the U.S. imposed punitive tariffs on foreign countries or U.S. companies that move jobs offshore, as Trump has threatened. Trump accused China during the election campaign of manipulating its currency to gain the upper hand in trade. But he didn’t follow through on his promise to label the country a manipulator on his first day in office, and Trump didn’t mention the issue publicly during Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to the U.S. this month. After the meeting, the White House announced a 100-day plan to discuss re-balancing the bilateral trade relationship. Schwarzman chaired the second meeting of Trump’s advisory panel on Tuesday at the White House. Schwarzman said China didn’t come up Tuesday in a meeting with the president and five cabinet secretaries. Three Categories The Treasury created a new monitoring list in April after Congress passed a law requiring closer scrutiny of foreign-exchange regimes. Treasury officials developed three criteria to decide if countries are being unfair: an economy having a trade surplus with the U.S. above $20 billion; having a current-account surplus amounting to more than 3 percent of its gross domestic product; repeatedly depreciating its currency by buying foreign assets equivalent to 2 percent of output over the year. Meeting all three would trigger action by the president to enter discussions with the country and seek potential penalties. In the October report, the Treasury noted that China has actually been intervening in exchange markets to prop up the yuan. While the currency has dropped 6.5 percent against the dollar this year, it has appreciated nearly 17 percent since 2005, when China loosened its peg against the greenback. "If you just let the Treasury guys do their jobs, it’s unlikely" the U.S. will name China a manipulator, said Douglas Holtz-Eakin, the president of the American Action Forum and former chief economist to George W. Bush’s Council of Economic Advisers. "If you look at the recent data, it’s inconsistent with currency manipulation." Democrats’ Criticism The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The Senate Democratic leader, Chuck Schumer, told reporters in a conference call on Tuesday that Trump should designate China a currency manipulator and pressure Chinese leaders to end subsidies for aluminum and other commodities. Trump hasn’t done enough to crack down on China’s theft of intellectual property from U.S. businesses or force the country to more fully open its markets to foreign competition. “For far too long, China taken us to the cleaners as far as the economy,” Schumer, of New York, said. “I can’t think of a single job they have saved by a single action against China." The Treasury may toughen its currency criteria so the yuan is found to be out of step with economic fundamentals, said David Dollar, a former Treasury official and China expert at the Brookings Institution in Washington. Such a finding might put pressure on China to avoid letting the yuan fall too far, without accusing the government of manipulation. “The manipulator language suggests you’re directly intervening,” he said. “The language of misalignment is that you’re far away from some kind of long-run equilibrium.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Select Energy Services Files for IPO By Chris Lange April 10, 2017 12:25 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Select Energy Services has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering (IPO). No pricing details were listed in the filing, although the offering was valued up to $100 million in the original filing. The company intends to list its stock on the New York Stock under the symbol WTTR. The underwriters for the offering are Credit Suisse, FBR, Wells Fargo, Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank, RBC Capital Markets, Simmons and Tudor Pickering Holt. This company is a leading provider of total water solutions to the U.S. unconventional oil and gas industry. Within the major shale plays in the United States, management believes that the firm is a market leader in sourcing and transfer of water (both by permanent pipeline and temporary pipe) prior to its use in drilling and completion activities associated with hydraulic fracturing, which it collectively refers to as “pre-frac water services.” In most of its areas of operation, Select Energy provides complementary water-related services that support oil and gas well completion and production activities, including containment, monitoring, treatment, flowback, hauling and disposal. These services are necessary to establish and maintain production of oil and gas over the productive life of a horizontal well. Water and related services are increasingly important as oil and gas exploration and production (E&P) companies have increased the complexity and completion intensity of horizontal wells (including the use of longer horizontal wellbore laterals, tighter spacing of frac stages in the laterals and increased water and proppant use per foot of lateral) in order to improve production and recovery of hydrocarbons. Historically, the firm has generated a substantial majority of its revenues through providing total water solutions to customers. It provides services to major integrated and large E&P companies, who typically represent the largest producers in each of its areas of operations. The company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for a few things: Up to $51 million will be used to repay borrowings incurred under our credit facility to fund the cash portion of the purchase price of the Permian Acquisition. $10.7 million will be used for the cash settlement of outstanding phantom units at SES Holdings. Approximately $5 million will be used for growth capital expenditures in the Bakken, including the expansion of the Bakken Pipeline systems. The balance will be used for general corporate purposes, including other organic and acquisition growth opportunities. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « For Large Purchases and Small, Credit Cards Pay the Bill How Many People Were Born the Year You Were Born » Read more: Energy Business, IPOs and Secondaries, oil and gas Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States States With No Income Tax How Many People Were Born the Year You Were Born 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons Recent Companies Stashing the Most Money Overseas Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 AmTrust, DryShips Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Apple, DuPont Sink DJIA Tuesday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Cherry Coke Debuts in China With Special Edition Cans Was This $50 Million Purchase the Right Move for Amazon? There Are Still Plenty of Reasons to Love Nike WTI oil holds near Nymex settlement in electronic trade after API supply report Nasdaq Composite closes 0.2% lower Dow ends flat; S&P 500 finishes off 0.1% Facebook Continues Its War On Snap With Newest Instagram Feature GoPro (GPRO) Stock Soars With New Trade-Up Program Alibaba-Backed Best Logistics Sets For $1 Billion U.S. IPO Skittish investors seek safe harbor in yen, gold, bonds Trump's message to bankers: Wall Street reform rules may be eliminated Exclusive: Inside edge - Trump advisor Icahn's big bet against biofuels credits Automakers Hope to Reach Deal on 2025 Emissions Akzo Nobel receives request from Elliott for shareholder meeting Oil Rises on Potential Saudi Output Cut Extension Uber, Reeling From Controversies, Loses Another Executive What Donald Trump Doesn't Want You To Know About His Twitter Followers After United Controversy, Chinese Social Media Users Express Outrage Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Constellation Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Regenxbio Inc (RGNX) Downgraded to D+ at TheStreet NL Industries Inc (NL) Upgraded to B- at TheStreet Frequency Electronics, Inc. (FEIM) Upgraded by TheStreet to C- Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Position Raised by Stillwater Investment Management LLC Alcentra European Float Rte Incm Fnd Ltd Announces Dividend of GBX 1.09 (AEFS) XP Power Ltd. (XPP) Declares Dividend of GBX 15 JD Sports Fashion PLC (JD) Declares Dividend of GBX 1.30 Stillwater Investment Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Diageo plc (DEO) CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Position Lowered by Private Capital Advisors Inc. CVR Energy, Inc. (CVI) Shares Sold by Private Capital Advisors Inc. Private Capital Advisors Inc. Has $886,000 Position in PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) First American Bank Decreases Position in Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Shares Bought by First American Bank Private Capital Advisors Inc. Lowers Position in Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) Private Capital Advisors Inc. Raises Stake in Blackstone Group LP (BX) Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (ADES) Upgraded by TheStreet to “B-“ Capitala Finance Corp (CPTA) Raised to “B-” at TheStreet Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” United Therapeutics (UTHR) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.06 SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ) – Analysts at SunTrust Banks raised their Q3 2018 earnings per share estimates for Constellation Brands in a research report issued on Thursday. SunTrust Banks analyst W. Chappell now expects that the company will earn $1.97 per share for the quarter, up from their prior forecast of $1.91. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Constellation Brands’ Q4 2018 earnings at $1.76 EPS, Q1 2019 earnings at $2.20 EPS, Q2 2019 earnings at $2.49 EPS, Q3 2019 earnings at $2.22 EPS and Q4 2019 earnings at $2.00 EPS. Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 6th. The company reported $1.48 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.36 by $0.12. Constellation Brands had a net margin of 16.65% and a return on equity of 19.07%. The company earned $1.63 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.59 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.19 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 5.5% on a year-over-year basis. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/suntrust-banks-equities-analysts-increase-earnings-estimates-for-constellation-brands-inc-stz.html. Several other analysts have also issued reports on STZ. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $195.00 target price on shares of Constellation Brands in a research note on Monday. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating and set a $205.00 price target (up previously from $183.00) on shares of Constellation Brands in a research report on Friday. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc set a $147.00 price target on shares of Constellation Brands and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 25th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price target on shares of Constellation Brands from $189.00 to $201.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Constellation Brands in a research report on Monday. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Constellation Brands presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $184.11. Shares of Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) traded down 0.66% on Monday, hitting $170.14. 637,090 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $161.28 and its 200-day moving average is $158.12. The stock has a market cap of $33.26 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.62 and a beta of 0.52. Constellation Brands has a 1-year low of $144.00 and a 1-year high of $175.43. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of STZ. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 7,352,336 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,127,192,000 after buying an additional 142,341 shares in the last quarter. Lone Pine Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 14.6% in the fourth quarter. Lone Pine Capital LLC now owns 6,380,317 shares of the company’s stock worth $978,166,000 after buying an additional 813,625 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 7.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,100,732 shares of the company’s stock worth $683,228,000 after buying an additional 292,181 shares in the last quarter. Viking Global Investors LP raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 47.2% in the fourth quarter. Viking Global Investors LP now owns 3,937,015 shares of the company’s stock worth $603,584,000 after buying an additional 1,261,755 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 6.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,903,130 shares of the company’s stock worth $483,342,000 after buying an additional 163,201 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 75.54% of the company’s stock. In other Constellation Brands news, VP F Paul Hetterich bought 752 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 13th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $148.62 per share, for a total transaction of $111,762.24. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 10.63% of the stock is owned by company insiders. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be given a dividend of $0.52 per share. This represents a $2.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.21%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 8th. This is a positive change from Constellation Brands’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.40. Constellation Brands’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 24.73%. About Constellation Brands Constellation Brands, Inc is an international beverage alcohol company. The Company is a producer and marketer of beer, wine and spirits with operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and Italy. Its segments include Beer, Wine and Spirits, and Corporate Operations and Other. It is a multi-category supplier (beer, wine and spirits) of beverage alcohol in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Constellation Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Just In 55mins Umpires can eject players, tethered bails approved 1hr I don’t believe in sending out ‘messages’ in films, says Aparna Sen 1hr BJP youth wing leader offers bounty on Mamata Banerjee’s head 1hr White House spokesman apologises for ‘insensitive’ Hitler remark 2hrs Sensex makes a U-turn, drops 165 points as investors hold back 2hrs Rupee softens 11 paise in early trade 3hrs 5.6-magnitude quake hits Philippines One football player injured in explosions in Dortmund Samson cuts Supergiant to size Deplaning of passenger sparks outrage, anger Putin expecting ‘fake’ gas attacks to discredit Assad G7 stand united on Syria North Korea media warns of nuclear strike on U.S. if provoked Nepal tables new Constitution amendment bill to address Madhesis’ demands Johnson turns tough on Russia, drawing flak from all sides Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD More robots, fewer jobs? Share On JUST IN 55mins Umpires can eject players, tethered bails approved 1hr I don’t believe in sending out ‘messages’ in films, says Aparna Sen 1hr BJP youth wing leader offers bounty on Mamata Banerjee’s head 1hr White House spokesman apologises for ‘insensitive’ Hitler remark 2hrs Sensex makes a U-turn, drops 165 points as investors hold back 2hrs Rupee softens 11 paise in early trade 3hrs 5.6-magnitude quake hits Philippines One football player injured in explosions in Dortmund Samson cuts Supergiant to size Deplaning of passenger sparks outrage, anger Putin expecting ‘fake’ gas attacks to discredit Assad G7 stand united on Syria North Korea media warns of nuclear strike on U.S. if provoked Nepal tables new Constitution amendment bill to address Madhesis’ demands Johnson turns tough on Russia, drawing flak from all sides CLOSE Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Bus, car trapped in Anna Salai cave-in Opinion Comment Single File | Comment More robots, fewer jobs? Anil K. Antony April 12, 2017 00:15 IST Updated: April 11, 2017 22:09 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Anil K. Antony April 12, 2017 00:15 IST Updated: April 11, 2017 22:09 IST more-in Lately we have been inept at creating new employment-generating sectors Our burgeoning young population is clearly struggling for jobs, despite being in the world’s fastest growing economy. More than 30% of Indians aged 15-29 are neither in employment nor in any training or education, according to a recent survey by the OECD. This added to the gloomy state of employment, for only in March the All India Council for Technical Education had said that more than 60% of the eight lakh engineers graduating from technical institutions across the country every year remain unemployed. Bridging this employment gap could become an insurmountable challenge thanks to the growing integration of machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI)-based technologies and robotics in all our core industrial sectors. Currently, various automation technologies are in the process of overhauling the mass employment-generating but low-skilled blue-collar labour markets. They could also threaten skilled white-collar workers. For instance, JP Morgan Chase and Co. recently developed a programme called COIN, a learning machine that interprets legal agreements in just a few seconds, a task that consumed 3,60,000 work hours for lawyers and loan officers annually. Similarly, an American medical school tested IBM’s AI technology Watson to analyse 1,000 cancer diagnoses. In 99% of the cases, Watson was able to recommend treatment plans that matched the suggestions of well-renowned oncologists. Suddenly, the World Economic Forum’s estimate that automation threatens almost 69% of the existing jobs in India seems like a conservative number. Throughout history, we have always feared that machines will cause mass unemployment. “In every kind of endeavour, in office work as well as industry, in skilled labour as well as common tasks, machines are replacing men, and men are looking for work,” John F. Kennedy had said in 1960. However, this never happened as once old jobs became obsolete, new ones evolved. Machines decreased costs and prices, boosted demand, and created more employment opportunities. In India, for instance, as jobs started dwindling in farms, more productive sectors like manufacturing and services emerged. Creating employment opportunities However, lately we have been inept in creating new employment-generating sectors while machines are systematically cutting down the workforce requirements in the principal labour-generating triumvirate of agricultural, manufacturing and services sectors. This will be one of our foremost challenges. Even if we rise up to it, a majority of the jobs absorbing our labour requirements will be ones that do not currently exist. If most of our future jobs are expected to come from the services sector, it is also imperative to impart social and communication skills along with the requisite domain expertise to ensure the creation of a market-ready workforce. The success of the Modi government’s Skill India mission will turn out to be vital in the prevention of social inequalities that are bound to arise because of our current unemployment trajectory. Anil K. Antony is the Executive Director of an Indo-American think tank in cybersecurity, intelligence and surveillance technology. Tweets @anilkantony Post a Comment More In Opinion Comment Related Articles << Previous Story More robots, fewer jobs? Next Story >> Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Apr 12, 2017 12:35:49 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/opinion/op-ed/more-robots-fewer-jobs/article17930408.ece © The Hindu The right to choice The Medical Termination of Pregnancy (Amendment) Bill of 2014 relaxes the legal limit for abortion Krishnadas Rajagopal Top Picks in The Hindu today Bengaluru school asks UKG student to take a TC for 'poor performance' Battles are brewing at women’s student hostels ‘Poorna’ finds no takers in her hometown Kanimozhi is The Hindu staff union president 'Aranmula rice' comes up in the place of airport Can’t agree to DNA test: Dhanush Over 22,000 babies delivered in ‘108’ ambulances in Karnataka Poor man’s weapon to fight mosquitoes — egg crates & neem leaves Robotic hand rocks manufacturing cradle West Bengal ham radio operators help unite family in T.N. CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Access provided by My Account Log Out Join Log In Latest News Education Health & Behavior Living Money Politics & Law Autism Cerebral Palsy Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability About Email Sign-Up Advertise Contact Search Jobs Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest RSS Menu The Premier Source for Developmental Disability News Skip to content Latest News Jobs Email Sign-Up Search Facebook Twitter Search... Close 1 Microsoft Hosting Job Fair For Those On The Spectrum 2 Waterproof Power Wheelchair May Be Headed To Market 3 Teacher, Students Shot In Special Ed Classroom 4 Congress Weighs Expanding ABLE Act 5 Supreme Court FAPE Ruling May Be A Watershed Moment 6 Mother, Son Reportedly Shamed At Inclusive Playground 7 Insurance Giant Offers Pro Bono Legal Aid To Those With Disabilities 8 Stem Cells Show Promise For Treating Autism 9 States Lack Consensus On Restraint, Seclusion In Schools 10 Cities Pressured To Tackle Sidewalk Accessibility Microsoft Hosting Job Fair For Those On The Spectrum by Shaun Heasley | April 11, 2017 Microsoft is spearheading a virtual job fair for people with autism that will bring together more than a half-dozen major employers. (Stephen Brashear/Getty Images) Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email In a bid to help more people with autism land jobs, Microsoft and other Fortune 500 companies are teaming up for a virtual career fair specifically for those with the developmental disorder. The first-ever Autism @ Work virtual career fair will allow people with autism to connect with recruiters from the tech giant in addition to AT&T, EY, Ford, Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s Dandelion program, JPMorgan Chase, NCR and SAP, Microsoft said. Participating companies will have virtual job booths during the online event with representatives ready to answer questions, discuss openings and accept applications. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below “The vast majority of people with autism are either unemployed or underemployed, leaving a large pool of untapped talent,” said Neil Barnett, director of inclusive hiring and accessibility at Microsoft, in a blog post about the recruiting event. “Each of these industry leaders have a hiring program to support candidates with autism and help them bring their best selves to an interview.” Microsoft introduced its own autism hiring initiative two years ago, which features a nontraditional interview process designed to help those on the spectrum highlight their talents and overcome barriers to employment. In addition to connecting with employers, organizers said that LinkedIn will host two sessions during the career fair to teach people with autism how to use the online platform to find jobs and get noticed by hiring managers. The autism-focused virtual career fair will be held Thursday between 12 p.m. and 2 p.m. PST. Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Find a Job Behavioral Health Clinician HCS Care Coordinator Director of Quality Assurance Direct Support Professional Behavioral Intervention Spec. View all jobs Post a Job More in Autism Comments DISABILITY SCOOP WELCOMES COMMENTS, THOUGH ONLY A SELECTION ARE PUBLISHED. WE LOOK FOR SUBMISSIONS THAT ARE THOUGHTFUL, ON-TOPIC AND ADD NEW IDEAS OR PERSPECTIVE. PLEASE KEEP YOUR REMARKS BRIEF AND REFRAIN FROM INSERTING LINKS. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read Next Living Waterproof Power Wheelchair May Be Headed To Market Most power wheelchairs are heavy and work well — but only if they stay dry. A new waterproof chair that's durable, lightweight and quick to recharge could be a game changer.April 11, 2017 Education Teacher, Students Shot In Special Ed Classroom A gunman walked into a special ed classroom and opened fire on his wife, a teacher there, and then killed himself, police said. Stray bullets struck two students, one of whom later died.April 11, 2017 Money Congress Weighs Expanding ABLE Act As new accounts allowing people with disabilities to save money without jeopardizing their government benefits become increasingly available, Congress is considering changes to the program.April 10, 2017 View More Stories © 2017 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. View this article online at https://www.disabilityscoop.com/2017/04/11/microsoft-hosting-job-fair/23567/ Sign up today for the Disability Scoop Newsletter Your email here Thanks for your interest Please check your email for instructions to complete your sign-up. © 2008-2017 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Advertise Sign up for our newsletter Get the latest developmental disability news from Disability Scoop sent straight to your inbox. Autism Down Syndrome Intellectual Disability Cerebral Palsy And More… E-mail Address: No thanks × You're reading of free articles this month. This is your last free article this month. Get unlimited Disability Scoop access starting at just $5 Join Today Logged in as Already a member? Log In Close Log In   Log In Forgot password? Don't have an account? Join Today
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Aeon aims to triple output of affordable rentals Lennar plans second tower on Superior Plating Doran, CSM team up for St. Anthony Main rentals Bader plans 3 more buildings at Calhoun Towers The greening of Minnesota’s urban rooftops Blackstone, Brookdale buy Champlin senior facility Dominium plans workforce housing in Loring Park Greeks may lead U of M’s next building boom Top Transactions: Modern lake estate draws $2.85 million Whatever happened to that Kmart plan in Minneapolis? Finance & Commerce News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Subscribe Manage Account News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Home / Nation & World / What Kashkari and Dimon are fighting about Neel Kashkari, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, argues that unsecured bonds should not be counted in a banks’ capacity to absorb a loss. (File photo: Bill Klotz) What Kashkari and Dimon are fighting about By: Bloomberg News April 11, 2017 12:57 pm 0 Jamie Dimon Jamie Dimon is America’s most famous banker, and Neel Kashkari is its most outspoken bank regulator, so it’s not a shock that they would eventually come to blows. What’s interesting is that their contretemps is over an acronym that most Americans have never heard of, but one that may be central to preventing another recession. TLAC, which is pronounced TEE-lack, is something you need to know about if you want to judge the sparring between Dimon, the well-coiffed chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and Kashkari. TLAC stands for total loss-absorbing capacity. The more capacity that a bank has to absorb losses, the smaller the risk that it will require a taxpayer-funded government bailout. So lots of TLAC is good. But not all TLAC is created equal. Kashkari argues that a lot of what Dimon calls TLAC on paper wouldn’t be available to absorb losses in a real-world crisis. Imagine that a whale swims up the Thames River and beaches itself in the City of London financial district, causing billions of dollars in losses to Bank X. If the loss is really big or Bank X is weak (unlike JPMorganChase, which most emphatically is not weak), then one such hit could push it into insolvency. The first thing that happens is that the price of the stock falls to zero. Shareholders, in other words, are the first to absorb losses. That’s fair: Shareholders get all the profit that a bank makes after paying its expenses, so they should have to take the hit when the bank’s profit is wiped out unexpectedly. The fight between Dimon and Kashkari is over who absorbs the rest of the loss. According to Dimon, it’s the unsecured bondholders. (Unsecured meaning they don’t have a legal claim to any specific asset on the bank’s balance sheet.) Unsecured bondholders are informed that, sorry, there’s been a loss. They’re not going to get their interest payments anymore, and their bonds are being converted into common shares. Now they’re at the back of the line with the rest of the bank’s shareholders; they’ll get paid only if the bank starts making a profit again. The beauty of the system outlined by Dimon is that taxpayers aren’t exposed to risk because if a bank gets in trouble it has a great, big escape hatch: It simply wipes out its bondholders, thus conserving its money. “It sounds like an ideal solution,” Kashkari writes. “The problem is that it almost never actually works in real life.” In a financial crisis, regulators worry about contagion. If bondholders of one bank are defaulted on, those of other banks will worry they’re next and yank their support, causing a downward spiral of confidence that crashes the economy. So the regulators make sure bondholders keep getting paid. “Indeed,” Kashkari writes, “the most recent crisis showed that even some debt holders who had been explicitly told that they would take losses during a crisis got bailed out.” Kashkari argues that regulators and bankers should stop acting as if bonds are part of TLAC (which, remember, stand for total loss-absorbing capacity), because when push comes to shove, bondholders will absorb few if any losses. Taxpayers will be forced to step up and make sure they keep getting paid. Kashkari also disses Dimon’s argument that banks’ safety cushions are needlessly thick. Dimon wrote to shareholders that if the Federal Reserve standards weren’t so tough, “banks probably would have been more aggressive in making some small business loans, lower-rated middle market loans, and near-prime mortgages.” Kashkari’s response? “Mr. Dimon argues that the current capital standards are restraining lending and impairing economic growth, yet he also points out that JPMorgan bought back $26 billion in stock over the past five years. If JPMorgan really had demand for additional loans from creditworthy borrowers, why did it turn those customers away and instead choose to buy back its stock?” Share this: Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 12:57 pm Tue, April 11, 2017 Finance & Commerce Bloomberg News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Latest Posts Aeon aims to triple output of affordable rentals April 11, 2017 4:23 pm Lennar plans second tower on Superior Plating April 11, 2017 4:03 pm Doran, CSM team up for St. Anthony Main rentals April 11, 2017 3:55 pm Bader plans 3 more buildings at Calhoun Towers April 11, 2017 3:47 pm The greening of Minnesota’s urban rooftops April 11, 2017 7:02 am Blackstone, Brookdale buy Champlin senior facility April 10, 2017 3:47 pm Dominium plans workforce housing in Loring Park April 10, 2017 2:53 pm Editors’ Picks Our best, right now. Aeon aims to triple output of affordable rentals by Brian Johnson | Apr. 11 Lennar plans second tower on Superior Plating by Clare Kennedy | Apr. 11 Doran, CSM team up for St. Anthony Main rentals by Matt M. Johnson | Apr. 11 Bader plans 3 more buildings at Calhoun Towers by Clare Kennedy | Apr. 11 The greening of Minnesota's urban rooftops by Frank Jossi | Apr. 11 In Brief Neal Simonson to lead Coldwell Banker Burnet branch April 11, 2017 2:42 pm Most-read stories: Week of April 3 April 10, 2017 10:04 am Bemidji meat company launches $1.9M expansion April 7, 2017 2:16 pm Midwest Steel Supply moving to Rogers April 6, 2017 2:57 pm University Challenge takes on Thunderbird Motel April 5, 2017 3:25 pm Features Sustainable: Energy partnership targets public housing April 4, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Organizations warming to geothermal energy March 7, 2017 7:03 am Building Blocks: Miller Textile Building February 17, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Ackerberg joins coalition for ‘circular economy’ February 7, 2017 7:02 am Nation & World Toshiba’s survival in doubt amid Westinghouse troubles April 11, 2017 2:45 pm Supervalu buying California grocery distributer for $114M April 11, 2017 2:44 pm U.S. employers posted more jobs in February April 11, 2017 2:43 pm Vegas Strip to get e-sports arena with Luxor club overhaul April 11, 2017 2:43 pm Wells Fargo executive had meteoric rise, fall April 11, 2017 2:03 pm Get the Morning Memo Subscribe to F&C's free email alert and receive business news updates every weekday. Email Address * Twitter Buzz My Tweets Most-Read Content The greening of Minnesota's urban rooftops Dominium plans workforce housing in Loring Park Minneapolis brewery has solar on tap Lennar plans second tower on Superior Plating Bader plans 3 more buildings at Calhoun Towers Profiles of Progress MN 2017 honorees Health Care Special Section Top Women in Finance 2016 Top Projects of 2015 Awards Magazine Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Recent Comments ankita jaiswal: By when can be these services available approx TIME?... Chris Winters: Dan, I can see why you would want a personal guarantee when... Warren Hart: This sounds good but in practice it ruins entire neighborhoo... My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts April 12, 2017 Digital Edition Aeon aims to triple output of affordable rentals Lennar plans second tower on Superior Plating Doran, CSM team up for St. Anthony Main rentals Bader plans 3 more buildings at Calhoun Towers Finance and Commerce ABOUT CONTACT US ADVERTISE REPRINTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Next Generation E-Commerce Platform Provider ReplyBuy Announces 100th Major Partnership; Nominated for Best in Mobile Fan Experience Award 2017 Scottsdale, Ariz. – April 11th, 2017 – ReplyBuy, the mobile sales platform that enables businesses with a unique combination of artificial intelligence, messaging, payments & digital commerce announces today its 100th partnership. The addition of the Calgary Flames to the company’s elite clientele highlights the widespread adoption of ReplyBuy as a new form of e-commerce across the market. The company is also proud to announce the Detroit Red Wings, Vancouver Whitecaps, Texas Tech and New Orleans Pelicans as clients, all of which have recently embraced the platform. This milestone of over 100 clients has been achieved largely due to the seamless new experience of connecting sellers and buyers. ReplyBuy provides businesses with a robust back-end suite of solutions to drive consumer engagement and completely eliminate the buyer friction on any mobile device. As one user named Steven Rose said, “They literally turned me from a fan watching the Coyotes on my couch to an in-arena attendee for a future game within three minutes (and it would’ve been less if I wasn’t being a nosy technologist).” The company was also recently honored as one of four companies nationally to be nominated for the “Best in Mobile Fan Experience 2017” award by the prestigious Sports Business Journal. The premier industry event will take place on May 24 in New York City to honor various nominees such as the Chicago Cubs, NBC Sports, Facebook, JPMorgan Chase, ESPN and others in their respective categories during the ceremony. Read more about these acclaimed awards here: http://www.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2017/03/20/Sports-Business-Awards/Nominations.aspx As Arizona Coyotes VP of Marketing Josh Marguiles describes, “ReplyBuy is one of the best technologies – period – that I have come across to market our product to our fans. The ability to cut through the clutter of email and get our ticket packages directly to their phone screens has increased single game ticket sales, and is an absolute win/win for us and ReplyBuy. Our fans are seeing the best offers on the right screen at the right time, and we are driving additional attendees to every game. Our partnership has allowed us to reach new Coyotes fans with over 36 percent of tickets being sold to new buyers. Our goal is to get every Coyote fan onto the ReplyBuy platform!” ReplyBuy has experienced a year of growth and innovation, having recently debuted ReplyBuy.ai, in a closed beta as a concierge style service that incorporates Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) into the platform. “We are in a unique situation in that we are able to heavily leverage these emerging technologies (AI, NLP, Machine Learning, etc.) and combine them in a way that takes a major step forward within the e-commerce ecosystem, while at the same time providing valuable insight into the persona of the buyer,” says Tony Saia, CTO and Co-Founder. This pioneering service was created to further support the company’s industry partners and their clients. “Empowering fans to purchase tickets with a simple reply text message is pure magic! It’s a seamless buying process that provides the fans with the instant gratification they’re looking for – especially millennials,” said Joe Sharpe, Associate AD of Ticket Sales from the University of Kentucky. As even more clients engage with ReplyBuy, the company plans to continually evolve so it can proactively meet its audience’s needs and wants, helping them to bridge the gap with the next generation of consumers. “Reaching 100 partnerships is a fantastic milestone reached through a tremendous team effort within the organization. We have a strong group of A-players,” says Josh Manley, CEO & Founder of ReplyBuy. “The platform adoption itself is rewarding to see, but it’s the bigger statement it makes that matters most. Reaching this volume of high-caliber partners is the best possible validation that our new style of e-commerce is working and providing fantastic results to the people we care most about: our partners and their customers. Businesses that utilize our platform want to hit the easy button from an engagement standpoint to transact instantly with their consumers. We’re constantly innovating to make sure that we exceed their expectations, set the bar higher and deliver on that promise as an organization.” “ReplyBuy is one of our most important distribution partners. They allow us to connect with our audience quickly and efficiently when we have last-minute ticket availability. The whole team at ReplyBuy makes the process easy and provides some of the best service we have experienced in the industry,” says Joe Cote as the SVP of Sales & Service at the Portland Timbers. About ReplyBuy ReplyBuy is a next generation mobile sales platform that combines artificial intelligence, messaging, payments and digital commerce in a single platform to deliver instant buyer  gratification from the businesses they choose. As an initial market, ReplyBuy has been embraced across the NBA, NHL, MLS and NFL, as well as major universities. It is described as “what might be the fastest-growing company in the sports ticketing space,” according to ESPN. ReplyBuy enables businesses to engage with customers in real-time via mobile and completely removes the buying friction by offering an instant checkout. For more information, visit www.replybuy.com. Twitter: @ReplyBuy Media Contact Company Name: ReplyBuy Contact Person: Rebecca Hasulak Email: Rebecca.hasulak@replybuy.com Phone: 480.599.6280 City: Scottsdale State: Ariz Country: United States Website: www.replybuy.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Sports, Technology, Telecom Post navigation Previous PostPrevious What is a “mommy makeover,” and when should a mother have one? Next PostNext Sensor Faucet Market: Global Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Pressure Transmitters Market Analysis and Forecast: Based On Latest Research 2021 Indre værdi af SmallCap Danmark A/S er opgjort til 86,1 kr. pr. aktie Worldwide Laboratory Robotics Market Report: Comprehensive Market and Vendor Landscape Including Latest Trends and Drivers Forecast 2021 Europe Load Bank Market Report – Analysis And Forecast To 2020 Global Crickets Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Evolent Health Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evolent Health Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scholastic Corp (SCHL) EVP Andrews S. Hedden Sells 7,500 Shares of Stock Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Insider Elan Moriah Sells 13,717 Shares Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) CEO Christopher Rondeau Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock Adgorithms Ltd (ADGO) Insider Lisa Jane Gordon Purchases 15,000 Shares of Stock Evolent Health Inc (EVH) CEO Frank J. Williams Sells 16,300 Shares Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) to Hold Liberty Global plc – Class A (LILA) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $0.00 Brixmor Property Group (BRX) Getting Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Rogers Co. (ROG) Upgraded by Sidoti to Buy Endonovo Therapeutics Inc (ENDV) Insider Michael Scott Mann Acquires 20,089,849 Shares of Stock Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for PriceSmart, Inc.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (PSMT) International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Telefonica Deutschland (O2D) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Celsion Co. (CLSN) Receives Buy Rating from Rodman & Renshaw Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Upgraded by Needham & Company LLC to “Buy” Webster Financial (WBS) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.37 Constellation Brands’ (STZ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Progressive Corp (PGR) Upgraded to Outperform by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Evolent Health Inc (EVH) CEO Frank J. Williams Sells 16,300 Shares April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Evolent Health Inc (NYSE:EVH) CEO Frank J. Williams sold 16,300 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.03, for a total value of $359,089.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 1,301,243 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $28,666,383.29. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Evolent Health Inc (NYSE:EVH) traded up 0.23% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $21.90. The stock had a trading volume of 440,807 shares. Evolent Health Inc has a 52 week low of $10.36 and a 52 week high of $26.84. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $20.87 and its 200 day moving average price is $19.75. The firm’s market cap is $1.49 billion. Evolent Health (NYSE:EVH) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported ($0.35) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.20) by $0.15. Evolent Health had a negative return on equity of 5.54% and a negative net margin of 69.04%. The company earned $88 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $84.98 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned ($0.05) EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 90.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Evolent Health Inc will post ($0.41) earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/evolent-health-inc-evh-ceo-frank-j-williams-sells-16300-shares.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Evolent Health during the third quarter valued at approximately $26,294,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Evolent Health by 60.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,142,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $52,755,000 after buying an additional 804,562 shares in the last quarter. Systematic Financial Management LP increased its position in shares of Evolent Health by 11.2% in the fourth quarter. Systematic Financial Management LP now owns 190,130 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,814,000 after buying an additional 19,210 shares in the last quarter. Monashee Investment Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Evolent Health during the third quarter valued at approximately $5,554,000. Finally, United Services Automobile Association increased its position in shares of Evolent Health by 49.6% in the third quarter. United Services Automobile Association now owns 196,990 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,850,000 after buying an additional 65,350 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 52.14% of the company’s stock. Several analysts have recently weighed in on the company. CIBC assumed coverage on Evolent Health in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. They set an “outperform” rating on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. assumed coverage on Evolent Health in a report on Monday, March 13th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $28.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Evolent Health from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Leerink Swann set a $24.00 price target on Evolent Health and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald restated a “buy” rating and set a $26.00 price target on shares of Evolent Health in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating, ten have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Evolent Health has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $27.22. About Evolent Health Evolent Health, Inc supports integrated health systems in their migration towards value-based care and population health management. The Company’s services include providing customers with a population management platform, integrated data and analytics capabilities, pharmacy benefit management services and health plan administration services. Receive News & Ratings for Evolent Health Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evolent Health Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Telefonica Deutschland (O2D) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Celsion Co. (CLSN) Receives Buy Rating from Rodman & Renshaw Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Upgraded by Needham & Company LLC to “Buy” Webster Financial (WBS) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.37 Constellation Brands’ (STZ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Progressive Corp (PGR) Upgraded to Outperform by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Price Target Raised to $42.00 at Monness Crespi & Hardt Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) Now Covered by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc IMAX’s (IMAX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Masco Corp (MAS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Carpetright plc (CPR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies FireEye Inc (FEYE) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Canada Goose Holdings Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares (GOOS) Now Covered by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Canada Goose Holdings Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares (GOOS) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at BMO Capital Markets Canada Goose Holdings Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares (GOOS) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Instinet Peoples Bancorp (PEBO) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Performant Financial Corp (PFMT) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.13 International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) have been assigned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the twenty-five analysts that are presently covering the firm. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1-year target price among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 471.06 ($5.85). Several equities analysts have recently commented on IAG shares. Peel Hunt restated an “under review” rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.10) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 490 ($6.08) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 606 ($7.53) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc restated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 450 ($5.59) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) traded up 1.99% during trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 539.00. 15,834,647 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a 52-week low of GBX 281.73 and a 52-week high of GBX 576.84. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 539.71 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 467.77. The stock’s market cap is GBX 11.43 billion. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 29th will be paid a GBX 0.13 ($0.00) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.03%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 29th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/international-consolidated-airlns-grp-sa-iag-receives-average-recommendation-of-buy-from-analysts.html. About International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA International Consolidated Airlines Group, SA is an airline company that holds the interests in airline and ancillary operations. Its segments include British Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and Other Group companies. It combines the airlines in the United Kingdom, Spain and Ireland. It has approximately 550 aircrafts to over 280 destinations. Receive News & Ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Orthopaedic Institute for Children Announces $24.5 Million Construction Project Financed by the New Markets Tax Credit Program LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The Orthopaedic Institute for Children (OIC) announced today that it will be receiving $24.5 million in construction funding through the New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC) Program. The monies will help fund a series of new construction projects on its downtown Los Angeles campus including a new urgent care center, physical therapy department and research laboratories. It will also reimburse $9.5 million spent as part of the 2016 construction and opening of OIC’s ambulatory surgery center. Financing for the project was secured by OIC’s longtime banking partner JPMorgan Chase and funded by three Community Development Entities: The Los Angeles Development Fund, Urban Research Park CDE and Chase New Markets Corporation. Also working on the project on behalf of OIC were Capital Peak Partners and legal counsel Bocarsly, Emden, Cowen, Esmail & Arndt. NMTCs leverage private sector capital into below-market, flexible financing, which ultimately will provide OIC a net benefit of approximately $5 million. The program, enacted in 2000, is designed to stimulate capital markets investment in low-income communities throughout the country. At OIC, 94 percent of the children served are uninsured or underinsured, but no child is ever turned away because of an inability to pay. “We are extremely grateful to Mayor Eric Garcetti, Congresswoman Karen Bass and Councilman Curren Price for their ongoing support of OIC and for their passionate involvement in helping us secure this funding,” said Anthony Scaduto, M.D., president and chief executive officer of OIC. “The NMTCs that are being provided as a result is truly a game changer and will allow us to significantly enhance the services we provide to the children of our community.” The construction program, scheduled to launch this fall, will begin with the building of a new urgent care center that will more than double the size of the current orthopedic trauma wing. It will be followed by the building of a new physical therapy department and seven new research laboratories. A number of infrastructure upgrades will also be included in the master project as many of OIC’s current facilities are more than 50 years old. Dr. Scaduto says that the relocation of some services and sequencing of the various phases of the construction have been designed to allow for all of the existing programs and services at OIC to remain open and fully operational during the construction projects. “This project will create good local jobs, both temporary construction jobs as well as permanent medical and administrative positions as each phase of the project is completed,” said Dr. Scaduto. “It will also expand and improve medical services to the community as well as enhance educational opportunities for our partner school, the Orthopaedic Medical Magnet High School.” About Orthopaedic Institute for Children Orthopaedic Institute for Children (OIC) was founded in 1911 as Los Angeles Orthopaedic Hospital. Focused solely on musculoskeletal conditions in children, OIC receives 60,000 patient visits each year. In alliance with UCLA Health and with the support of the OIC Foundation, OIC advances pediatric orthopaedics worldwide through outstanding patient care, medical education and research. Locations in downtown Los Angeles, Santa Monica, Westwood and Calexico treat the full spectrum of pediatric orthopaedic disorders and injuries. For more information, visit ortho-institute.org. About Los Angeles Development Fund The Los Angeles Development Fund (LADF) is a California nonprofit corporation established by the city of Los Angeles in September 2006 to manage its New Markets Tax Credit program. LADF is certified by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Community Development Financial Institutions Fund as a Community Development Entity and has been awarded $175 million in allocation. LADF uses its allocation to support qualified projects within the city of Los Angeles. For more information, please visit www.ladfnewmarkets.org. About Urban Research Park CDE, LLC Urban Research Park CDE, LLC (URP) was established in 2003. URP is certified as a Community Development Entity by the U.S. Department of Treasury and has been awarded $397 million in New Markets Tax Credit allocation authority. URP uses its NMTC allocation to support real estate projects focused on healthcare, innovative technology and education throughout the United States. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Soybeans Phytosterol Market Outlook 2022: Top Companies, Trends and Future Prospects Details for Business Development Next PostNext Military Laser Systems Market Outlook and 2021 Forecast of Worldwide Research Report Search Recent Posts Coupa Software Announces Pricing of Upsized Follow-on Offering Tide Gauge Market 2017-2027 Shares, Trend and Growth Report Data Masking Technology Market Trends, Regulations and Competitive Landscape Outlook to 2027 Chicory Products Market Shares, Strategies and Forecast Worldwide, 2017 to 2027 Cleveland BioLabs Announces Webcast of Annual Meeting Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MEDNAX’s (MD) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Cellular Biomedicine Group Inc (CBMG) Receives “Buy” Rating from Maxim Group Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Shares Bought by Country Club Trust Company n.a. Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Shares Sold by Country Club Trust Company n.a. Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Has $255,000 Stake in Unilever plc (UL) Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Cuts Position in Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Maintains Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Shares Sold by Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Has $253,000 Stake in General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Metlife Inc (MET) Stake Held by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Shares Sold by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Holds Stake in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) WPP plc – American Depositary Shares each representing five (WPPGY) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Finds WestRock (WRK) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Insider Buying: Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Insider Buys £155.40 in Stock John O’connell Sells 11,905 Shares of Gear Energy Ltd (GXE) Stock LSL Property Services plc (LSL) Insider Purchases £150.38 in Stock Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Man Group Plc (EMG) Price Target Increased to GBX 169 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC MEDNAX’s (MD) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC restated their hold rating on shares of MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. A number of other brokerages have also recently weighed in on MD. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of MEDNAX from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Robert W. Baird cut shares of MEDNAX from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and set a $72.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating and set a $69.00 price objective on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Friday, March 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have given a hold rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $69.00. Shares of MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) traded up 0.13% on Monday, hitting $68.33. The stock had a trading volume of 62,334 shares. The stock has a market cap of $6.34 billion, a PE ratio of 19.58 and a beta of 0.67. The company’s 50 day moving average is $69.81 and its 200 day moving average is $67.21. MEDNAX has a one year low of $59.36 and a one year high of $76.96. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.06. MEDNAX had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 10.21%. The business had revenue of $831 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $842.15 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.13 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that MEDNAX will post $4.25 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “MEDNAX’s (MD) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/mednaxs-md-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. In related news, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.95, for a total transaction of $709,500.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 74,261 shares in the company, valued at $5,268,817.95. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Enrique Sosa sold 10,668 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.65, for a total transaction of $743,026.20. Following the sale, the director now owns 21,923 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,526,936.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 96,296 shares of company stock worth $6,668,891. 2.40% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in MD. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its position in shares of MEDNAX by 0.8% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 197,062 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,055,000 after buying an additional 1,600 shares during the period. Redmond Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of MEDNAX during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,876,000. American International Group Inc. increased its position in shares of MEDNAX by 1.1% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 181,498 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,024,000 after buying an additional 1,887 shares in the last quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department increased its position in shares of MEDNAX by 250.0% in the third quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 70,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,638,000 after buying an additional 50,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC increased its position in shares of MEDNAX by 72.7% in the fourth quarter. Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC now owns 1,025,806 shares of the company’s stock worth $68,379,000 after buying an additional 431,881 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 99.16% of the company’s stock. About MEDNAX MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
wxcerqbusfbu Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 3 + 1? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 3 + 1? Email for new password What is 3 + 1? Home » Financial Advisor » FA Online » Why Bond Bears Are Poised To Come Out Of Hibernation ... Again April 12, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share Why Bond Bears Are Poised To Come Out Of Hibernation ... Again April 11, 2017 • Sid Verma Loading Other Articles... A springtime for shorts? Besieged Treasury bears may finally be set for a winning streak in the world’s largest bond market. Strategists are citing an under-pricing of inflation in the U.S. economy, waning foreign demand and a bid by the Federal Reserve to tighten its monetary stance at a faster pace than markets anticipate. “The next two months will be more threatening for duration longs as data holds up well, political risk in Europe ebbs, and investors refocus on progressive central bank exits from easy money,” strategists at Societe Generale SA led by  Ciaran O’Hagan wrote in a note. “And therein lies the potential for a surprise to upset the ‘sleeping beast,’ an overly complacent bond market.” “Lower bond yields and stronger growth momentum give us a good entry point into a more aggressive short-duration position in developed markets,” strategists at JPMorgan Chase & Co. led by Jan Loeys wrote in a note. They project the 10-year Treasury will rise to 2.7 percent in June and finish the year at 3 percent. Analysts at boutique research firm CrossBorder Capital Ltd. are more bearish, expecting the benchmark yield to test 4 percent within the next 12 to 18 months amid capital outflows from China and Europe. Here’s four arguments in favor of the bears: Fed’s Balance Sheet Last week should have been a win for bond bears after Fed minutes suggested it would likely phase out of the practice of reinvesting proceeds of maturing securities held on its balance sheet at the end of this year, a move that will remove a big monetary backstop in debt markets. Speculation the Fed may delay increasing short-term borrowing costs spurred a decline in 2018 interest-rate forwards, even as June rate-hike odds edged higher. Markets may have gotten the wrong message: there’s a high bar to clear before the Fed postpones raising rates, according to analysts at TD Securities. “The market may be underpricing the pace of hikes in the near term, and rates will move higher as the Fed begins to communicate the case for more hikes,” fixed-income strategists led by Priya Misra wrote in a note. They suggest a delay in the tightening cycle would kick in only if financial conditions tightened quickly. First « 1 2 3 » Next To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you agree with the DOL's decision to review the fiduciary rule? Yes No View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Wednesday, April 12, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News White House Accuses Russia of Cover-Up in Syria Attack By JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS and HELENE COOPER 9:16 PM ET A declassified report says Russia tried to confuse the world community about the Syrian government’s culpability in last week’s chemical weapons attack. The strongly worded document marks a striking shift by President Trump, who appears to be moving swiftly to isolate President Vladimir V. Putin.  Comments Read the Report Trump’s Shift on Russia Brings Geopolitical Whiplash 9:05 PM ET Trump Links Trade to China’s Help on North Korea Spicer’s Comparison of Hitler and Assad Raises an Outcry By NICHOLAS FANDOS and MARK LANDLER 8:55 PM ET Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, said incorrectly that Hitler had not used chemical weapons during World War II or against his own people.  Comments 0:53 Spicer’s Remarks By WHITEHOUSE.GOV Administration Will Lift Hiring Freeze, as It Asks Agencies for Cuts 11:00 PM ET United Apologizes, Saying Passenger Was ‘Mistreated’ By JULIE CRESWELL and SAPNA MAHESHWARI 10:10 PM ET After videos spread online showing a man being forcibly removed from a full United Airlines plane, the airline said it would take “full responsibility” and review its policies.  Comments United Video Creates Furor in China, Too Explosions Hit Bus of German Soccer Team, Injuring One By ALISON SMALE As many as three explosions damaged the bus of Borussia Dortmund, forcing the postponement of a UEFA Champions League quarterfinal match. Tesla’s Market Surge Has Even Some of Its Fans Skeptical By NEAL E. BOUDETTE 9:01 PM ET Investors have been energized by the electric-car maker’s upbeat outlook for delivering its mass-market model, but it does not yet generate steady profits. Now its chief, Elon Musk, must deliver. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. From the Magazine Credit Artwork by Stephen Doyle I’m a Political Historian. I Didn’t See Trump Coming. Political historians (me included) thought we understood American conservatism: where it came from, what it believed in and where it was going. Donald Trump proved us wrong. By RICK PERLSTEIN  Comments Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Europe Edition Your Wednesday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:31 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ How a mild-mannered ophthalmologist became a brutal ruler who uses chemical weapons against his own people. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Chasing the Deal How (and Where) to Take a Tax-Refund Vacation By SHIVANI VORA Tour operators and hotels have packages designed for taxpayers who want a break. Destinations include South Africa, Thailand and St. Lucia. Streaming Fandor: A Streaming Rabbit Hole Worth Falling Down By GLENN KENNY The site’s eclecticism — subgenres on top of subgenres — combines daily film news aggregation and a library that bridges cult and mainstream. For Alabama Christians, Governor’s Fall Is a Bitter Blow By ALAN BLINDER When Robert Bentley became Alabama’s governor, evangelical Christians hoped he would be a model of integrity. On Monday, he resigned after a sex scandal. Republican Wins Kansas Race That Unnerved G.O.P. By JOHN ELIGON and JONATHAN MARTIN 12:15 AM ET Ron Estes defeated James Thompson, the Democratic candidate, in the first national test of the Republicans’ electoral strength under the Trump administration. The G.O.P. Won, but Voters Shifted Left Injustice, Exploitation and Death in Italy’s Vineyards By GAIA PIANIGIANI 8:36 PM ET Paola Clemente, 49, died in 2015 of a heart attack at a vineyard. An investigation found female laborers were routinely exploited and their pay skimmed. Will London Fall? The metropolis that globalization created may well be the capital of the world. But after the “Brexit” referendum, its future as an international crossroad is far from certain.  Comments Free College? It’s Great if Students Can Afford It By DAVID W. CHEN 8:42 PM ET A state free-tuition program will mostly aid students who go to college straight from high school. But low-income students, who often have to work in addition to studying, rarely fit that mold. The Daily 360 2:35 Cleaning Up Chesapeake Bay Julia Wall for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News J. Geils, Whose Band’s Catchy Pop Hits Colored the 1980s, Dies at 71 Rolling Stone Settles Lawsuit Over Debunked Campus Rape Article David Letterman’s Mother, Who Became Unlikely Star, Dies at 95 Executive Who Steered Uber Through Scandals Joins Exodus Spanish Court Clears Priest of Abuse Case Taken Up by Pope The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. In Ancient Guano, a Tale of Penguin Disaster Guano in lake sediment showed that an Antarctic penguin colony was devastated three times during the past 7,000 years by volcanic eruptions. Sara Bareilles: The First Time I Acted on Broadway Having written the music and lyrics to “Waitress,” the singer-songwriter says the show has been at the center of her world for years. Harlem’s Modern French Renaissance A small Francophile community, lured by Harlem’s sense of community and storied history, has sprung up, and along with it have come French restaurants. The Opinion Pages Editorial Fear of Flying, for Good Reason A passenger is yanked from his seat, and that’s only one of the indignities of air travel.  Comments United Airlines Is Not Alone Q&A: How Democrats Can Stop Being Perceived as the Abortion Party Surprise! Pro-Washington Declarations in Athens Sessions Is Wrong to Take Science Out of Forensic Science By ERIN E. MURPHY With prosecutors and police officers in control, expect more wrongful convictions. Op-Docs: Gut Hack By KATE McLEAN and MARIO FURLONI After a lifetime of stomach problems, Josiah Zayner declared war on his own body’s microbes.  Comments Brooks: This Age of Wonkery What Ukraine’s Jews Fear User Subscriptions Learning Russian From ‘Boris Badenov’ Mark Hawthorne, a Man of Few Words Except, ‘I Hate You’ Times Insider » Learning Russian From ‘Boris Badenov’ The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Books Alec Baldwin Charts His Bumpy Road to Fame Opinion Was Bo Diddley a Buddha? Business Day Legal Marijuana Ends at Airport Security Technology How Safe Is Your Phone’s Fingerprint Sensor? Opinion Remember the Syrian Refugees President Trump reversed himself in ordering a missile strike on Syria. Now he should rethink his opposition to bringing Syrian refugees to America. Times Insider A Gloriously Predictable Beat ... Until It Wasn’t N.Y. / Region Post-Prison Life Is Hard for Former Prisons, Too Opinion Bike Sharing in Beijing Baseball A Yankees Home Opener, With a Crisp New Vibe Your Money Regrets, You Have a Few. Don’t Beat Yourself Up. Opinion How I Learned to Take the SAT Like a Rich Kid Business Day G.M. Takes a Back Seat to Tesla Sections World » A Woman’s Death Sorting Grapes Exposes Italy’s ‘Slavery’ Will London Fall? News Analysis: Trump’s Shift on Russia Brings Geopolitical Whiplash Business Day » Trump’s Trademark Continues Its March Across the Globe, Raising Eyebrows Videos of a Man Being Dragged Off a United Plane Ignites a Public Relations Crisis Yahoo Is Sued Over $17 Million Fund for Chinese Dissidents Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: United Airlines Is Not Alone Editorial: On Syria, an Administration in Disagreement With Itself David Brooks: This Age of Wonkery U.S. » Special Ed School Vouchers May Come With Hidden Costs Grandfather Apologizes After Dylann Roof’s Guilty Pleas Add to Sentence Robert Bentley, Alabama Governor, Resigns Amid Scandal Technology » That Fingerprint Sensor on Your Phone Is Not as Safe as You Think Executive Who Steered Uber Through Scandals Joins Exodus Toshiba Casts Doubt on Its Ability to Stay in Business Arts » In Newport, a Contest in Which One-Man-One-Vote Was for Losers Scouring 11 Time Zones for a Contemporary Russian Art Show The First Time: Sara Bareilles: The First Time I Acted on Broadway (2 Weeks Ago) Politics » Trump’s Directive Will Lift Hiring Freeze, as It Asks Agencies for Cuts Ron Estes, a Republican, Survives Tight House Race to Win Kansas Seat Trump’s Trademark Continues Its March Across the Globe, Raising Eyebrows Fashion & Style » Jeff Koons’s New Line Imagining the Retail Store of the Future Critical Shopper: Where Masters and Mistresses of the Universe Can Have It All Movies » To Woo Young Moviegoers, AMC Thinks More Like McDonald’s Arriving on Tiptoe, Smurfs Carry a Lesson for Hollywood Franchises Rarely Depicted, the Ugly Truths of Hazing Play Out Onscreen New York » New York’s Free-Tuition Program Will Help Traditional, but Not Typical, Students Once Routine, Immigration Check-Ins Are Now High Stakes Closed Prisons in Rural Areas Are a Tough Sell Sports » Mets 14, Phillies 4: Yoenis Cespedes Hits Three Homers as Mets Rout the Phillies With Rigor and Mystique, Nebraska Builds a Bowling Dynasty Carmelo Anthony Plots His Team’s Future: His Soccer Team in Puerto Rico, That Is Theater » The First Time: Sara Bareilles: The First Time I Acted on Broadway (2 Weeks Ago) How Steve Earle Got Back Into Downtown Theater Review: ‘CasablancaBox’ Is Looking at You, Kid, Behind the Scenes Science » Trilobites: How Ants Figured Out Farming Millions of Years Before Humans More Permafrost Than Thought May Be Lost as Planet Warms Trilobites: An Ice Scientist’s Worst Nightmare Obituaries » Linda Hopkins, a Tony-Winning Actress and Singer, Dies at 92 J. Geils, Whose Band’s Catchy Pop Hits Colored the 1980s, Dies at 71 Frederick B. Lacey, Who Prosecuted Corruption in New Jersey, Dies at 96 Television » A Word With: Peter Capaldi Prepares for His Final Season of ‘Doctor Who’ Homeland: ‘Homeland,’ Season 6, Episode 12: In the Finale, Carrie Deals With Death and Betrayal How Stephen Colbert Finally Found His Elusive Groove Health » Discuss Prostate Screening With Your Doctor, Experts Now Say Tackling Weight Loss and Diabetes With Video Chats Why Are So Many People Popping Vitamin D? Travel » Harlem’s French Renaissance Surfacing: Five Places to Go in Miami United Airlines Passenger Is Dragged From an Overbooked Flight Books » Books of The Times: ‘Locking Up Our Own,’ What Led to Mass Incarceration of Black Men Books of The Times: In ‘Nevertheless,’ Alec Baldwin Charts His Course From Long Island to Bumpy Fame Match Book: Dear Reader, Meet Your Match: An Advice Column for Book Lovers Education » Loans ‘Designed to Fail’: States Say Navient Preyed on Students Voices of Navient’s Borrowers: ‘The Biggest Mistake of My Life’ Ex-Professor Says Dismissed Racketeering Case Is Still ‘Devastating’ Food » Restaurant Review: Parts Are Greater Than the Sum of the Chicken at Torishin Ham or Lamb? The Easter Choice May Be Changing Has Coffee Gotten Too Fancy? Sunday Review » Opinion: The Myth of Main Street Editorial: Up Against the Wall Frank Bruni: What Happened to Who? Real Estate » Making a Living With Airbnb How to Host on Airbnb Legally Decluttering? Yes, There’s an App The Upshot » Political Calculus: A Republican Wins in Kansas. It’s Still a Loss for the G.O.P. Heavy Lifting: Can Trump and Congress Solve the Rubik’s Cube of Tax Reform? The New Health Care: How Many Pills Are Too Many? Magazine » Feature: I Thought I Understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong. First Words: New Technology Is Built on a ‘Stack.’ Is That the Best Way to Understand Everything Else, Too? On Photography: Pictures in the Aftermath Automobiles » G.M. Takes a Back Seat to Tesla as America’s Most Valued Carmaker Driven: Video Review: Hardtop MX-5 Miata RF Gains Elegance but Loses Openness Toyota to Invest $1.3 Billion in Kentucky Plant T Magazine » By Design: This Apartment Is Brooklyn’s Coolest Design Shop Just 6 Things: News and Trends to Know About Andy Warhol, in the Context of His Time Times Insider » What We’re Reading Mark Hawthorne, a Man of Few Words Except, ‘I Hate You’ Moving Pictures: Sergey Ponomarev’s Slow Look at London Real Estate » Shopping Guide Shopping for Desks By TIM McKEOUGH Even in an age of mobile devices, a desk is still the best place to focus on what you need to get done. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business The United fiasco: What we know now World Access Companies Car News Interactives Your Money, Your America Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets The United fiasco: What we know now Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Samsung's Siri rival won't be ready for new Galaxy phone's U.S. launch Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Share your money questions: Ask us here Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Craft beer bet returns 2,800% to early investors Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Start Small, Think Big Luxury Trump's old Ferrari sells at auction for record $270,000 Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Your Money, Your America Fed taps Jerome Powell to head oversight of 'too big to fail' banks by Donna Borak   @CNNMoney April 7, 2017: 2:21 PM ET Top Fed official resigns over info leak The Federal Reserve tapped Jerome Powell to be the new point man overseeing how Wall Street banks are regulated. Powell, who has been a governor on the board since 2012, was assigned to head the bank oversight committee, according to role changes posted on the Fed's website Friday. The announcement comes days after Daniel Tarullo, the central bank's regulatory czar stepped down after being in the position for the past eight years. Powell's appointment is unlikely to create a directional shift in the Fed's supervision of the largest banks, including JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), and Wells Fargo (WFC). The former undersecretary of the Treasury for President George H. W. Bush, who was responsible for financial institution policy, among other areas, has largely shared Tarullo's views on financial regulation. Related: Wall Street's outgoing regulatory czar: Leave Dodd-Frank alone One area of shared agreement is the so-called Volcker Rule, which restricts banks from proprietary trading, tucked in the 2010 Dodd-Frank reform law. Powell has urged Congress to rewrite the rule, arguing that the litmus test of regulators asking, "Is it proprietary trading or something else?" only winds up adding "tremendous expense and burden," according to remarks he made in Chicago in January. Tarullo has also endorsed rethinking the rule, which he said was "too complicated," as part of a broader review of the 2010 law. Related: Wall Street hates the Volcker Rule: Will Trump kill it? President Trump has asked Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to conduct a review of current regulations to determine if certain policies can be changed or thrown out. As part of that, the administration is likely to scrutinize the merits of the Volcker Rule, along with others. Earlier this week, the president reiterated his campaign promise to dismantle the reform law. "We're going to do a very major haircut on Dodd-Frank," said Trump at a town hall with CEOs, including Citigroup (C) boss Michael Corbat. "We want strong restrictions. We want strong regulation, but not regulation that makes it impossible for the banks to loan to people that are going to create jobs," Trump continued. It's unclear, however, how long Powell will have purview over the banking committee. With Tarullo's departure, Trump now has the chance to fill three vacancies on the board, including a vice chair of bank supervision, giving him the chance to appoint officials who will offer a lighter touch when it comes to supervising banks. On Friday, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn told Bloomberg Television the president may be closing in on naming his Fed nominees. "I think you're going to see some appointments come out in the Fed governorships in the near future," said Cohn. "We're very excited about those appointments. That will help us with a lot of the deregulation of the banks." Ian Katz, a policy analyst with Capital Alpha Partners, told clients he still expects the president to name his own pick for Tarullo's replacement, but if White House officials "can't agree on someone for that spot, the president could eventually ask Powell to do it." Despite Powell being nominated by former President Barack Obama, that wouldn't be an unrealistic expectation given he was a Republican appointee in the Bush White House and a former partner at private equity firm Carlyle Group, wrote Katz. CNNMoney (Washington) First published April 7, 2017: 12:27 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending United loses $250 million of its market value United Airlines trolled by rival airlines for forced removal of passenger Here's how much airlines will pay you to give up your seat Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Search for Jobs Powered by Indeed Millions of job openings! Find Jobs Accounting Finance Marketing Engineering Management Sales Developer Media See all jobs Employers / Post a Job jobs by LendingTree Paid Partner Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until June 2018 with this card Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived The Motley Fool Paid Partner Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy This stock could be like buying Amazon for $3.19 Legendary tech investor boldly endorses one stock Motley Fool issues rare triple-buy alert Apple quietly leases 5,000 acre abandoned military base Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aviva plc (AV) Price Target Increased to GBX 456 by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Western Digital Corp (WDC) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Sell” Advanced Energy Industries (AEIS) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Affimed NV (AFMD) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Insider Buying: Rupert Resources Ltd (RUP) Insider Buys C$31,250.00 in Stock CenturyLink Investment Management Co Has $1,600,000 Stake in Liberty Interactive Group (QVCA) Addenda Capital Inc. Decreases Position in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Shares Bought by Union Bankshares Corp 113 Shares in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Acquired by Union Bankshares Corp Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Boosts Position in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Peugeot SA (UG) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Ascot Mining Plc Lon (ASCO) Given New GBX 1,729 Price Target at N+1 Singer Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €104.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Given New C$48.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Colfax Corp (CFX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages JD.Com Inc (JD) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Aviva plc (AV) Price Target Increased to GBX 456 by Analysts at Berenberg Bank April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aviva plc (LON:AV) had its target price raised by Berenberg Bank from GBX 440 ($5.46) to GBX 456 ($5.66) in a report published on Monday. The firm currently has a sell rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also commented on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered shares of Aviva plc to a neutral rating and raised their price objective for the stock from GBX 480 ($5.96) to GBX 525 ($6.52) in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Morgan Stanley raised their price objective on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 582 ($7.23) to GBX 608 ($7.55) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 525 ($6.52) to GBX 600 ($7.45) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a GBX 589 ($7.31) price objective on shares of Aviva plc in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada raised their price objective on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 520 ($6.46) to GBX 540 ($6.71) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 540.60 ($6.71). Shares of Aviva plc (LON:AV) traded up 0.88% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching GBX 517.50. The company had a trading volume of 4,543,004 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 21.00 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 522.42 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 480.00. Aviva plc has a 52-week low of GBX 290.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 570.50. WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/aviva-plc-av-price-target-increased-to-gbx-456-by-analysts-at-berenberg-bank.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 17th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a dividend of GBX 15.88 ($0.20) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 3%. In other news, insider Mark Wilson sold 90,086 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 525 ($6.52), for a total transaction of £472,951.50 ($587,298.52). Also, insider Adrian Montague purchased 9,303 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 535 ($6.64) per share, for a total transaction of £49,771.05 ($61,804.36). Insiders have bought a total of 9,363 shares of company stock worth $5,007,647 in the last 90 days. About Aviva plc Aviva plc is the holding company of the Aviva Group. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. The Company’s segments include UK & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia, and Aviva Investors. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Dow falls 100 points as geopolitical tensions keep Street on edge CNBC Fred Imbert 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Clever hidden meanings in 30 famous logos 20 hidden secrets of the $1 bill Click to expand Replay Video 3 corporate scandals you've already forgotten about Scandals spread across social media like wildfire, but burn out just as quickly. After a few days, social media channels seem to forget even the biggest ones, or move on to the next one. Here are a few recent scandals you might not remember: Volkswagen - Dieselgate revealed the car company cheated on emissions tests for years. Wells Fargo - It was discovered that bank employees charged fees on millions of fake accounts. Trump University - The for-profit college was sued for defrauding customers. Wochit Business Why United Airlines was allowed to boot that passenger The airline has a seldom-read contract of carriage that permits it to force passengers off planes, like it did recently in Chicago. Newsy Twitter users roast United Airlines after passenger was dragged off plane A passenger was forcibly removed from his seat on a United flight to make space for crew after it was overbooked. Now the company's facing lots of backlash. Business Insider SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Markets open broadly lower CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 3 corporate scandals you've already forgotten about Wochit Business0:44 Why United Airlines was allowed to boot that passenger Newsy1:08 Twitter users roast United Airlines after passenger was dragged off plane Business Insider2:31 Amazon is on a roll The Wall Street Journal.0:40 Craft brewers get crafty CNBC1:27 Trump called China a 'currency manipulator.' Does it deserve the label? The Washington Post2:20 Lenders may have helped put the brakes on car sales last month CNBC0:38 Netflix still leads in streaming, but they've got competition Veuer1:04 Will outrage toward United impact ticket sales? Bloomberg3:44 Major merger could affect Colorado's ski resortsCBS Denver1:57 The rising cost of Venezuela's deepening crisis Reuters1:47 Housing prices soar in millennial cities The Wall Street Journal.0:30 Toyota announces $1.33 billion investment in Kentucky plant Wochit Business0:39 How will students be impacted by Trump's school choice agenda? Fox Business3:43 How this brand is still thriving after two centuries CNN Money2:59 Video shows a passenger forcibly dragged off an overbooked United Airlines plane Business Insider1:51 UP NEXT U.S. equities fell on Tuesday as geopolitical tensions kept investors on edge. Quotes in the article Bank of the Ozarks Inc OZRK ▼ 49.42 -0.40 -0.80% AdChoices The Dow Jones industrial average dropped about 80 points, with Apple contributing the most losses. Apple was hit by a countersuit from chipmaker Qualcomm in a dispute over mobile technology licensing fees. The S&P 500 slipped 0.6 percent, with financials and information technology lagging. The Nasdaq composite declined 0.8 percent. The Dow transports were also under pressure, as shares of United Continental pulled back more than 4 percent outrage over a passenger being dragged off an overbooked flight finally caught up to the stock. "It's sort of surprising the market hasn't reacted more negatively given the geopolitical tensions," said Nick Raich, CEO of The Earnings Scout. He also noted investors are taking a "wait-and-see" attitude as earnings season begins. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are among the companies set to report this week. Traditional safe-havens caught a bid early on Tuesday. Gold futures for June delivery rose 1.2 percent to $1,269.50 per ounce, while the benchmark 10-year note yield slipped to 2.316 percent. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, rose more than 10 percent to 15.5. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Tuesday the U.S. will stand up against anyone who commits crimes against humanity. "We rededicate ourselves to holding to account any and all who commit crimes against the innocents anywhere in the world," Tillerson told reporters before heading to Moscow, where he and Russian officials are expected to discuss last week's suspected chemical attack in Syria. The U.S. responded by launching 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield. But the Trump administration is also navigating through rising tensions with North Korea. On Saturday, a U.S. official told Reuters that a U.S. Navy strike group will be moving close to the Korean peninsula as a show of force. President Donald Trump tweeted Tuesday: "North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A." On the economic data front, the NFIB small business optimism index slipped to 104.7 in March from 105.3 in February, but the uncertainty index hit its second-highest level in history. "This just underscores that clarity on fiscal spending and taxes will be the catalyst that gets markets going. The clock is running but apparently no one is paying attention," Michael Block, chief strategist at Rhino Trading Partners, said in a note. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Monday said he would like to see tax reform passed by August but did not firmly commit to it. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin had set August as a goal for pushing through tax reform earlier this year. —Reuters contributed to this report. On tap this week: Tuesday 1:45 p.m. Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari Wednesday Earnings: Fastenal, Shaw Communications, Pier 1 Imports 8:30 a.m. Import prices 2:00 p.m. Federal budget Thursday Earnings: Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, PNC Financial, Taiwan Semiconductor, First Republic Bank, Commerce Bancshares, Apogee, Infosys 8:30 a.m. Jobless claims 8:30 a.m. PPI Friday U.S. markets closed 8:30 a.m. Retail sales 8:30 a.m. CPI 10:00 a.m. Consumer sentiment 10:00 a.m. Business inventories Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Peugeot SA (UG) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Ascot Mining Plc Lon (ASCO) Given New GBX 1,729 Price Target at N+1 Singer Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €104.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Given New C$48.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Colfax Corp (CFX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages JD.Com Inc (JD) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $39.25 Target Price for United States Cellular Corp (USM) Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $153 Million Stake in Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Robert W. Baird Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research NorthWest Health Prop Real Est Inv Trust (NWH.UN) Price Target Increased to C$11.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Reduces Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) CEB Inc. (CEB) Stake Reduced by GW&K Investment Management LLC BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €104.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €104.00 ($110.64) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) in a report published on Monday. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the stock. A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on HEN3. Independent Research GmbH set a €123.00 ($130.85) target price on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €133.00 ($141.49) target price on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Baader Bank set a €121.00 ($128.72) target price on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a neutral rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €122.20 ($130.00). Shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) traded down 0.040% on Monday, hitting €121.501. 478 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €120.02 and its 200-day moving average is €115.58. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 52-week low of €96.00 and a 52-week high of €123.45. The stock has a market capitalization of €52.77 billion and a PE ratio of 25.704. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €104.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/henkel-ag-104-00-price-target-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aberdeen Asset Management plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aberdeen Asset Management plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Peugeot SA (UG) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Ascot Mining Plc Lon (ASCO) Given New GBX 1,729 Price Target at N+1 Singer Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €104.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Given New C$48.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Colfax Corp (CFX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages JD.Com Inc (JD) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $39.25 Target Price for United States Cellular Corp (USM) Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $153 Million Stake in Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Robert W. Baird Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research NorthWest Health Prop Real Est Inv Trust (NWH.UN) Price Target Increased to C$11.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Reduces Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) CEB Inc. (CEB) Stake Reduced by GW&K Investment Management LLC BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc (LON:ADN) in a report released on Monday. The firm currently has a GBX 287 ($3.56) target price on the stock. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the company. BNP Paribas restated an underperform rating and set a GBX 240 ($2.98) target price on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their target price on Aberdeen Asset Management plc from GBX 320 ($3.97) to GBX 270 ($3.35) and set a neutral rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Peel Hunt restated a hold rating and set a GBX 280 ($3.48) target price on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Liberum Capital upgraded Aberdeen Asset Management plc to a buy rating and boosted their target price for the stock from GBX 261 ($3.24) to GBX 332 ($4.12) in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated a hold rating and set a GBX 270 ($3.35) target price on shares of Aberdeen Asset Management plc in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 277.38 ($3.44). Aberdeen Asset Management plc (LON:ADN) traded down 0.50% during trading on Monday, reaching GBX 281.10. The company had a trading volume of 2,236,525 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 272.57 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 283.13. Aberdeen Asset Management plc has a 52-week low of GBX 212.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 354.40. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.61 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/aberdeen-asset-management-plc-adn-receives-hold-rating-from-jefferies-group-llc.html. About Aberdeen Asset Management plc Aberdeen Asset Management PLC is a United Kingdom-based asset manager. The Company operates through asset management for reporting and control purposes. The Company is managed as a single asset management business, with multiple investment strategies of equities, fixed income and property, complemented by a solutions business, which provides multi asset, alternatives and quantitative investment capabilities. Receive News & Ratings for Aberdeen Asset Management plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aberdeen Asset Management plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JD.Com Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Colfax Corp (CFX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Spectranetics Corp (SPNC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages JD.Com Inc (JD) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $39.25 Target Price for United States Cellular Corp (USM) Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $153 Million Stake in Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Robert W. Baird Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research NorthWest Health Prop Real Est Inv Trust (NWH.UN) Price Target Increased to C$11.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Reduces Position in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) CEB Inc. (CEB) Stake Reduced by GW&K Investment Management LLC BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Has $18.135 Million Stake in Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Downgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. BT Group plc (BT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Pacific Mercantile Bancorp (PMBC) Given News Impact Rating of 0.56 Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Initiates Coverage on Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) TransAlta (TAC) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.56 JD.Com Inc (JD) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet JD.Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD) has been assigned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the twenty-two brokerages that are presently covering the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1-year target price among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $32.37. JD has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Vetr raised JD.Com from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $28.94 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Pacific Crest initiated coverage on JD.Com in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. They set an “overweight” rating and a $40.00 price target for the company. Sanford C. Bernstein initiated coverage on JD.Com in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. They set an “underperform” rating and a $21.00 price target for the company. MKM Partners reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $27.00 target price on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised JD.Com from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $32.00 to $39.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in JD. Seven Bridges Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of JD.Com by 0.7% in the third quarter. Seven Bridges Advisors LLC now owns 11,081 shares of the company’s stock worth $289,000 after buying an additional 82 shares during the period. Aviva PLC boosted its stake in shares of JD.Com by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 110,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,801,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. Shelton Capital Management boosted its stake in shares of JD.Com by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Shelton Capital Management now owns 54,325 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,382,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of JD.Com by 1.1% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 52,725 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,376,000 after buying an additional 571 shares during the period. Finally, Norinchukin Bank The boosted its stake in shares of JD.Com by 2.9% in the third quarter. Norinchukin Bank The now owns 21,300 shares of the company’s stock worth $556,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the period. 49.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) traded up 0.28% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $32.76. 1,356,300 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $31.20 and a 200 day moving average of $27.86. JD.Com has a 52 week low of $19.51 and a 52 week high of $33.28. The firm’s market capitalization is $46.46 billion. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The company reported ($0.18) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.06) by $0.12. JD.Com had a negative net margin of 4.18% and a negative return on equity of 28.18%. The business had revenue of $80.25 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $76.30 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.07) earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 47.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that JD.Com will post $0.24 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “JD.Com Inc (JD) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/jd-com-inc-jd-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. JD.Com Company Profile JD.com, Inc is an online direct sales company. The Company engages in the sale of electronics and home appliance products and general merchandise products (including audio, video products and books) sourced from manufacturers, distributors and publishers in China on the Internet through its Website, www.jd.com. Receive News & Ratings for JD.Com Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Broadridge, J.P. Morgan, Northern Trust and Banco Santander Successfully Complete Pilot of Blockchain-Based Proxy Vote Solution LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (NYSE: BR), J.P. Morgan, Northern Trust and Banco Santander today announced the successful completion of a pilot which employs a blockchain technology to enhance global proxy vote transparency and analytics. The pilot, Broadridge’s first application of blockchain technology, provides transparency by adapting distributed ledger technology capabilities to provide daily insight into vote progress throughout the issuer’s proxy voting period, from meeting announcement date to the annual general meeting. The application ensures role-based access to voting data through use of cryptography and smart contract technology and is built on an Ethereum blockchain platform. „This pilot demonstrates Broadridge’s commitment to developing innovative technology solutions to enhance transparency in the global proxy voting process for the mutual benefit of all stakeholders, ultimately improving corporate governance for all,” said Vijay Mayadas, Senior Vice President and Global Head of Corporate Strategy at Broadridge. „We believe blockchain will drive increased quality and efficiency in the voting chain by reducing complexity that exists within the process today,” he added. „We are pleased to partner with Broadridge in undertaking this innovative endeavor as we explore the use of blockchain to drive efficiencies across the custody space,” said Chris Rowland, Global Head of Custody at J.P. Morgan.  „Corporate Governance is a key focus for our custody clients and we are pleased to collaborate with Broadridge on this important initiative,” said Justin Chapman, Global Head of Market Advocacy & Innovation Research at Northern Trust. ”Providing end-to-end vote transparency using blockchain as an enabler has the potential to significantly improve the proxy voting process.”  Julio Faura, head of the Blockchain Lab at Banco Santander, said, „After piloting this blockchain-based platform with Broadridge, we see that proxy voting makes an interesting case where distributed ledgers and smart contracts can add transparency and efficiency to financial services, to the benefit of our corporate and institutional clients.” „The success of this pilot program reflects Broadridge’s unique ability to leverage our domain expertise and deliver blockchain innovation to all industry participants,” said Patricia Rosch, senior executive managing Broadridge’s international proxy business. The pilot was run in support of a corporate issuer’s annual general meeting (AGM) and included participation of Santander Investment, the issuer’s agent.  The pilot was run in parallel of the AGM, with the blockchain being utilized to produce a „shadow” digital register of the proxy voting taking place in the traditional model. About Broadridge Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (NYSE: BR) is a leading provider of investor communications and technology-driven solutions for broker-dealers, banks, mutual funds and other corporations. Broadridge’s investor and customer communications, securities processing and managed services solutions help clients reduce their capital investments in operations infrastructure, allowing them to increase their focus on core business activities. With more than 50 years of experience, Broadridge’ s infrastructure underpins proxy voting services for over 90% of public companies and mutual funds in North America and processes on average $5 trillion in equity and fixed income trades per day. Broadridge employs approximately 10,000 associates in 16 countries. For more information about Broadridge, please visit www.broadridge.com. About J.P. Morgan JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. About Northern Trust Northern Trust Corporation (Nasdaq: NTRS) is a leading provider of wealth management, asset servicing, asset management and banking to corporations, institutions, affluent families and individuals. Founded in Chicago in 1889, Northern Trust has offices in the United States in 19 states and Washington, D.C., and 22 international locations in Canada, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region. As of December 31, 2016, Northern Trust had assets under custody of US$6.7 trillion, and assets under management of US$942 billion. For more than 125 years, Northern Trust has earned distinction as an industry leader for exceptional service, financial expertise, integrity and innovation. Visit northerntrust.com or follow us on Twitter @NorthernTrust. © 2017 Northern Trust Corporation. Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A. Incorporated with limited liability in the U.S. Products and services provided by subsidiaries of Northern Trust Corporation may vary in different markets and are offered in accordance with local regulation. For legal and regulatory information about individual market offices, visit northerntrust.com/disclosures. About Banco Santander Banco Santander (SAN SM, STD US, BNC LN) is a leading retail and commercial bank, headquartered in Spain, with a meaningful market share in 10 core countries in Europe and the Americas. It is among the world’s top banks by market capitalization. The bank’s purpose is to help people and businesses prosper, in a way that is simple, personal and fair. Founded in 1857, Santander had EUR 1.52 trillion in managed funds, 125 million customers, 12,200 branches and 188,000 employees at the close of 2016. Santander made attributable profit of EUR 6,204 million in 2016, an increase of 4% compared to the previous year. Contact Information: Investors: W. Edings Thibault Head of Investor Relations +1 516-472-5129 edings.thibault@broadridge.com Media: Brett Philbin Edelman +1 212-704-8263 brett.philbin@edelman.com   SOURCE Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trustworthy Accountability Group Announces More Than 200 Companies Have Applied for TAG Registration Next PostNext RC21X Receives Investment From Stadia Ventures Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Broadridge, J.P. Morgan, Northern Trust and Banco Santander Successfully Complete Pilot of Blockchain-Based Proxy Vote Solution LAKE SUCCESS, N.Y., April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (NYSE: BR), J.P. Morgan, Northern Trust and Banco Santander today announced the successful completion of a pilot which employs a blockchain technology to enhance global proxy vote transparency and analytics. The pilot, Broadridge’s first application of blockchain technology, provides transparency by adapting distributed ledger technology capabilities to provide daily insight into vote progress throughout the issuer’s proxy voting period, from meeting announcement date to the annual general meeting. The application ensures role-based access to voting data through use of cryptography and smart contract technology and is built on an Ethereum blockchain platform. „This pilot demonstrates Broadridge’s commitment to developing innovative technology solutions to enhance transparency in the global proxy voting process for the mutual benefit of all stakeholders, ultimately improving corporate governance for all,” said Vijay Mayadas, Senior Vice President and Global Head of Corporate Strategy at Broadridge. „We believe blockchain will drive increased quality and efficiency in the voting chain by reducing complexity that exists within the process today,” he added. „We are pleased to partner with Broadridge in undertaking this innovative endeavor as we explore the use of blockchain to drive efficiencies across the custody space,” said Chris Rowland, Global Head of Custody at J.P. Morgan.  „Corporate Governance is a key focus for our custody clients and we are pleased to collaborate with Broadridge on this important initiative,” said Justin Chapman, Global Head of Market Advocacy & Innovation Research at Northern Trust. ”Providing end-to-end vote transparency using blockchain as an enabler has the potential to significantly improve the proxy voting process.”  Julio Faura, head of the Blockchain Lab at Banco Santander, said, „After piloting this blockchain-based platform with Broadridge, we see that proxy voting makes an interesting case where distributed ledgers and smart contracts can add transparency and efficiency to financial services, to the benefit of our corporate and institutional clients.” „The success of this pilot program reflects Broadridge’s unique ability to leverage our domain expertise and deliver blockchain innovation to all industry participants,” said Patricia Rosch, senior executive managing Broadridge’s international proxy business. The pilot was run in support of a corporate issuer’s annual general meeting (AGM) and included participation of Santander Investment, the issuer’s agent.  The pilot was run in parallel of the AGM, with the blockchain being utilized to produce a „shadow” digital register of the proxy voting taking place in the traditional model. About Broadridge Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (NYSE: BR) is a leading provider of investor communications and technology-driven solutions for broker-dealers, banks, mutual funds and other corporations. Broadridge’s investor and customer communications, securities processing and managed services solutions help clients reduce their capital investments in operations infrastructure, allowing them to increase their focus on core business activities. With more than 50 years of experience, Broadridge’ s infrastructure underpins proxy voting services for over 90% of public companies and mutual funds in North America and processes on average $5 trillion in equity and fixed income trades per day. Broadridge employs approximately 10,000 associates in 16 countries. For more information about Broadridge, please visit www.broadridge.com. About J.P. Morgan JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. About Northern Trust Northern Trust Corporation (Nasdaq: NTRS) is a leading provider of wealth management, asset servicing, asset management and banking to corporations, institutions, affluent families and individuals. Founded in Chicago in 1889, Northern Trust has offices in the United States in 19 states and Washington, D.C., and 22 international locations in Canada, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region. As of December 31, 2016, Northern Trust had assets under custody of US$6.7 trillion, and assets under management of US$942 billion. For more than 125 years, Northern Trust has earned distinction as an industry leader for exceptional service, financial expertise, integrity and innovation. Visit northerntrust.com or follow us on Twitter @NorthernTrust. © 2017 Northern Trust Corporation. Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A. Incorporated with limited liability in the U.S. Products and services provided by subsidiaries of Northern Trust Corporation may vary in different markets and are offered in accordance with local regulation. For legal and regulatory information about individual market offices, visit northerntrust.com/disclosures. About Banco Santander Banco Santander (SAN SM, STD US, BNC LN) is a leading retail and commercial bank, headquartered in Spain, with a meaningful market share in 10 core countries in Europe and the Americas. It is among the world’s top banks by market capitalization. The bank’s purpose is to help people and businesses prosper, in a way that is simple, personal and fair. Founded in 1857, Santander had EUR 1.52 trillion in managed funds, 125 million customers, 12,200 branches and 188,000 employees at the close of 2016. Santander made attributable profit of EUR 6,204 million in 2016, an increase of 4% compared to the previous year. Contact Information: Investors: W. Edings Thibault Head of Investor Relations +1 516-472-5129 edings.thibault@broadridge.com Media: Brett Philbin Edelman +1 212-704-8263 brett.philbin@edelman.com   SOURCE Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trustworthy Accountability Group Announces More Than 200 Companies Have Applied for TAG Registration Next PostNext RC21X Receives Investment From Stadia Ventures Search Recent Posts SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Produce Safety a Hot Topic at Global Food Safety Initiative’s 2017 Conference HouseCallsNow Inc. and SecondOpinionExpert Inc. form Strategic Partnership Stetson Law Students Win Awards in Three Categories at International Moot Court Competition in Hong Kong Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Brandywine Global Names Tariq Ahmad as CEO of Singapore Affiliate SINGAPORE–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Brandywine Global Investment Management, LLC (“Brandywine Global”) today announced that Tariq Ahmad will serve as the new Chief Executive Officer of Brandywine Global Investment Management (Asia) Pte. Ltd. Based in Singapore, Ahmad will oversee Brandywine Global’s Asia-Pacific business, reaffirming the Firm’s commitment to this important and growing region by expanding operations there. Ahmad previously served as the head of business development and client service for Brandywine Global’s Singapore affiliate, which offers the Asian market access to global investment management through a variety of investment vehicles. “I’m delighted to take on the responsibility of strategic oversight for Brandywine Global’s presence in Singapore and throughout the Asia-Pacific region,” Ahmad says. “Brandywine Global is known for its strong relationships with clients and consultants, and I’m looking forward to furthering that commitment. The area has seen tremendous growth, and we want to continue to deliver investment strategies that meet the evolving needs of our current clients and also new markets. We are excited to expand our team of experienced professionals to support business development and to help us continue to deliver differentiated investment products and excellent client service.” Ahmad brings with him 14 years of experience in global investment management. Before arriving at Brandywine Global, Ahmad served as CEO and Partner of Rogge Global Partners Asia in Singapore, where he managed business development and client service for the Asia-Pacific and Middle East regions. His prior experience includes investment management roles at Western Asset Management, JP Morgan Asset Management, and State Street Global Advisors. “At Brandywine Global, we have a culture centered on strong relationships. Asia is an important region to the Firm, and we want to ensure we have the best people servicing our clients and expanding our business opportunities. Tariq not only brings tremendous experience and business acumen to the role, he has a strong understanding of the region,” says Adam Spector, Managing Partner. “He has been a great addition to the team since joining the Firm, and I know he will be an asset to our clients and business partners in Asia. We’re thrilled he has taken on this leadership role.” About Brandywine Global Brandywine Global Investment Management, LLC („Brandywine Global”) offers a broad array of fixed income, equity, alternatives, and asset allocation strategies that seek value across global markets. The industry-leading Around the Curve blog, featuring regular topical essays and opinions from senior investment personnel, demonstrates the Firm’s commitment to bringing real-time ideas, research, and thought leadership to an increasingly global client base. Founded in 1986 the Firm has been a wholly owned, independently operated affiliate of Legg Mason, Inc. since 1998. The Firm manages $65 billion as of December 31, 2016 for a primarily institutional client base, with headquarters in Philadelphia and office locations in San Francisco, Montreal1, Toronto1, Singapore2 and London3. About Legg Mason Legg Mason, Inc. is a global asset management firm with assets under management of $710 billion as of December 31, 2016. The Company provides active asset management in many major investment centers throughout the world. Legg Mason is headquartered in Baltimore, MD and its common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol: LM). For more information on investments offered through Brandywine Global, call your financial adviser or visit www.leggmason.com. This document is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any units in any fund. All investments involve risk. Securities are subject to price fluctuation and possible loss of principal. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. © 2017 Brandywine Global Investment Management, LLC 1 Brandywine Global Invest Management (Canada), ULC 2 Brandywine Global Investment Management (Asia) Pte. Ltd 3 Brandywine Global Investment Management (Europe) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HomeServe USA Now Protects 3 Million Customers Next PostNext Wharton Research Data Services, SSRN and Elsevier Announce Groundbreaking New Collaboration — Elevating Research and Researchers Who Use WRDS Search Recent Posts UH Cancer Center researcher awarded $3M to study cancer treatment potential of ironweed plant ‘Trophy,’ ‘Keep Grizzlies Protected’ to Screen at National Museum of Wildlife Art Excellent Market Data Analysis: Global Sodium Erythorbate (CAS 6381-77-7) Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Pushpay reports record AMCR growth in first quarter NZ guest nights fall in February Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) to Sell Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Walgreens Boots Alliance’s (WBA) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Guggenheim Twin Disc, Incorporated (TWIN) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Credit Suisse Group AG Raises US Foods Holding Corp (USFD) Price Target to $28.00 Tullow Oil Plc (TUWOY) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Advance Auto Parts (AAP) Stock Price Tesla Inc (TSLA) Earns “Hold” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Penn National Gaming, Inc (PENN) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Outokumpu Oyj (OUTKY) to Hold Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Share Price Insider Buying: Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Major Shareholder Buys $160,803.00 in Stock Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc (LOCO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Chester Billingsley Sells 102,013 Shares of Mentor Capital Inc (MNTR) Stock Metso Oyj (MXCYY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: McClatchy Co (MNI) Major Shareholder Sells $161,214.06 in Stock Insider Selling: Newpark Resources Inc (NR) EVP Sells $164,081.38 in Stock Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider Sells $180,000.00 in Stock Zacks Investment Research Lowers ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) to Sell April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ:ZIOP) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report sent to investors on Thursday morning. According to Zacks, “ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of a diverse, risk-sensitive portfolio of in-licensed cancer drugs to address unmet medical needs. The Company applies new insights from molecular and cancer biology to understand the efficacy and safety limitations of approved and developmental cancer therapies and identifies proprietary and related molecules for better patient treatment. “ Several other analysts also recently commented on ZIOP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a hold rating on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Griffin Securities restated a buy rating and issued a $23.00 price target (up from $21.00) on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research note on Friday, February 10th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, one has assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $10.15. Shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology (NASDAQ:ZIOP) opened at 6.59 on Thursday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $6.36 and a 200 day moving average price of $6.10. ZIOPHARM Oncology has a 52 week low of $4.45 and a 52 week high of $9.19. The company’s market capitalization is $861.29 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/zacks-investment-research-lowers-ziopharm-oncology-inc-ziop-to-sell.html. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Creative Planning increased its position in ZIOPHARM Oncology by 289.3% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 57,863 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $367,000 after buying an additional 43,000 shares during the period. Highbridge Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter worth about $164,000. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in ZIOPHARM Oncology by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 198,508 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $1,062,000 after buying an additional 3,699 shares during the period. Vident Investment Advisory LLC increased its position in ZIOPHARM Oncology by 5.8% in the fourth quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC now owns 114,980 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $615,000 after buying an additional 6,260 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank purchased a new position in ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter worth about $5,556,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 41.26% of the company’s stock. ZIOPHARM Oncology Company Profile ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company, which is seeking to develop, acquire and commercialize, on its own or with partners, a portfolio of cancer therapies that address unmet medical needs. The Company is focused on developing products in immuno-oncology that employ gene expression, control and cell technologies to deliver cell- and viral-based therapies for the treatment of cancer and graft-versus-host-disease. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ZIOPHARM Oncology (ZIOP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Wall Street's Thank-You Letter to Corporate America By Lisa Abramowicz Photographer: Scott Eells/Bloomberg Markets Lisa Abramowicz Lisa Abramowicz is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering the debt markets. She has written about debt markets for Bloomberg News since 2010. Follow @lisaabramowicz1 Facebook Twitter Email Print Share April 11, 2017 8:32 AM EDT JPMORGAN CHASE & CO -0.15 At Closing, April 11th 85.73 USD Wall Street owes a big thank you to Corporate America. Companies sold an unprecedented amount of dollar-denominated investment-grade bonds in the first three months of the year. While this is increasing corporate leverage and making some companies more vulnerable should the economy sour, it did two wonderful things for the largest U.S. banks: First, it provided billions of dollars of investment-banking fees for underwriting $416.1 billion in debt, based on Bloomberg data. And second, newly sold bonds tend to trade more frequently than older ones. That means the boom in debt sales translated into a record amount of activity among U.S. investment-grade bonds, contributing to what is expected to be a standout quarter for fixed-income trading revenues. Moving Around Investment-grade bond trading volumes have surged this year as issuance soared Source: Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association This dynamic is important to keep in mind as the largest U.S. banks start reporting their first-quarter earnings, starting this week with JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc., the two largest fixed-income trading firms based on global revenues. Bloomberg Intelligence analysts expect that debt trading at the largest banks most likely gained for a fourth consecutive quarter compared with the year-ago period. Big Gains Company debt and mortgage-related securities have driven this year's trading gains Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, NY Fed Primary Dealer data JPMorgan analysts said last month that they expect total sales from fixed-income, currency and commodities to climb 34 percent in the first quarter compared with a year earlier because of more credit trading. Several factors contributed to the likely gains. There's more disagreement about the direction of benchmark borrowing costs in the U.S. than in prior years; the Federal Reserve is raising interest rates; the global economy seems to be in a better place than it was a year ago; and inflation is ticking up. Disagreement among fund managers about fundamental trends often leads to more activity. And there was plenty of debate around the direction of rates, credit, commodities and currencies, all of which are lumped into Wall Street's fixed-income trading results. But the surprisingly large amount of corporate-debt issuance played a big role. Fueling the ravenous appetite for borrowing was an effort by companies to take advantage of low rates before they start to edge up, a desire to lock in tax deductions for interest payments before laws change and continuing tremendous demand for company notes, even the longest-dated ones, as pension funds move back into bonds from riskier stocks after realizing some gains. Raining Bonds Companies sold an unprecedented volume of U.S. bonds in the first quarter Source: Bloomberg There will continue to be angst about whether this debt is worthwhile. A lot of it is being used to make expensive acquisitions, buy back pricey shares or store money in offshore accounts to avoid hefty taxes. This borrowing binge will eventually stall out when interest rates rise more substantially or if the economy deteriorates. But for now, active debt markets have provided an unabashed boon for Wall Street's largest trading houses. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Lisa Abramowicz in New York at labramowicz@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Daniel Niemi at dniemi1@bloomberg.net Proportion of H-1B visas that go to Indians 70.1% HOME RUN Trump Puts India First Tech Tim Culpan Overdue an Upgrade Overdue an Upgrade Equity analysts are finally coming round to shareholders' view of Aeon Source: Bloomberg Measuring Aeon A Forgotten Giant More Prized Than Amazon Consumer David Fickling Gone Sour Gone Sour Stock in China Huishan Dairy plunged 85 percent on March 24 in less than 90 minutes Source: Bloomberg Milk It HSBC Dims Huishan Investor Hopes Industrials Nisha Gopalan Axovant CEO Stock Jump 20%  Stiff Head Winds New Captain, Same Ship for Axovant Health Max Nisen NextEra Steps NextEra Needs Oncor Or An Encore Deals Liam Denning Apple's Demands From Qualcomm Billions Marginalized Apple Goes to Court to Protect its Profits Tech Shira Ovide Pressure Cooker Play Along, Whole Foods Consumer Shelly Banjo Reality Bites Retail Investors, Listen to the Kids Consumer Shelly Banjo Number of companies in which France owns stakes 1,800 Government risk Pruning France's $106 Billion Portfolio Finance Lionel Laurent Dialog sales to Apple 70 percent Second Bite Don't Depend on Apple Tech Leila Abboud Wardrobe Staple Wardrobe Staple Even during the luxury trough, LVMH generated organic growth Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Timeless LVMH: Luxury's Little Black Dress Consumer Andrea Felsted Toshiba goodwill writedown $6.4 billion Goodwill Hunting The $7 Trillion Hazard That Lies Beneath the M&A Boom Deals Chris Bryant Australian Rules Australian Rules BHP Billiton's Australian shares tend to trade at a premium of $2 or more to the U.K. stock Source: Bloomberg, Gadfly calculations tax discredit Gold, Franking Nonsense and Err Commodities David Fickling Brown Out Brown Out Massive losses in the nuclear power business, and the bankruptcy of that unit, pummeled Toshiba's stock Source: Bloomberg Giant check Money Talks in Toshiba Chip Fight Tech Tim Culpan Out of Reach Out of Reach Real estate prices in Hong Kong have kept surging even as the economy's growth has been stagnant Source: Bloomberg Normalized as of 1/4/2009. Break it Down Hong Kong Developers Dance to Their Own Tune Real Estate Nisha Gopalan All Together Now All Together Now Both Swift and Knight jumped on news of their merger. It's rare that you see an acquirer's stock jump so significantly. Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Long Haul Happy Trucker, Happy Merger Deals Brooke Sutherland Powder Play Powder Play Intrawest's sale comes after an above-average season of snowfall across its portfolio of resorts Source: Macquarie Research, OnTheSnow.com Snow Job Buyout Shows Why Investors Shouldn't Get Over Their Skis Deals Gillian Tan Tenured Tenured The average Wells Fargo director has served for a little less than eight years Source: ISS Voting Record The Wells Fargo Clean Sweep Finance Gillian Tan Staley's pay £4.2 million Mole Hunting Barclays Blows the Whistle. On Its Own CEO Finance Lionel Laurent Big spenders Big spenders Here are the biggest advertisers in the world as of 2015 Source: Advertising Age Datacenter Data is for 2015 Shiny, Unhappy People Madison Avenue Takes a Darker Turn Media Leila Abboud Tougher in Taipei Tougher in Taipei Taiwan's dollar strengthened against the U.S. currency during the first quarter Source: Bloomberg Note: A declining figure indicates a stronger local currency. Spitting Chips Blame the Strong Dollar. No, Not That One Tech Tim Culpan Policy Plus Policy Plus Anbang Life, a big seller of universal life products, has seen its premiums soar Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Unfettered China Insurance Probe Won't Halt Firms' Overseas Urge Deals Nisha Gopalan Disconnect Disconnect Unicom's Hong Kong-listed stock has outperformed the Shanghai shares this year. Source: Bloomberg INTELLIGENT INVESTORS Unicom Can Win by Playing Smart Tech Tim Culpan More Than Enough More Than Enough Australia is not facing a shortage of electricity generation capacity Source: Australian Energy Market Operator, Snowy Hydro, Gadfly calculations Note: "Future" based on announced withdrawals of generation plus committed and proposed projects. Rooftop solar capacity and installations based on 2015 National Electricity Forecasting Report. power crazies Australia's Energy Luck Runs Out Energy David Fickling
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD GLD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Samsung retakes smartphone vendor crown from Apple >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Dow Jones Feeling the Heat from the International Situation It's getting hard to determine which way the market will go from here By Sam Collins, InvestorPlace Chief Technical Analyst  |  Apr 11, 2017, 8:21 am EDT     Popular Posts: Dow Jones Feeling the Heat from the International Situation The S&P 500 Is Dangerously Close to Trouble How Should You Play the S&P 500? Grab Your Crystal Ball Recent Posts: Dow Jones Feeling the Heat from the International Situation Trade of the Day: Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Is Not a Buy Right Now Income Investors, Keep an Eye Out for a Better Opportunity View All Posts On Monday, stocks inched higher, but throughout the session it was obvious that worries over international tensions were keeping buyers in check. Oil futures had a solid gain of 1.6%, closing at $53.08 per barrel. The gain was attributed to a U.S. missile attack on a Syrian airbase and the “turnaround” of a carrier fleet with a new heading to North Korean waters. Rumors spread of Chinese troops heading for the North Korean border, but the report could not be confirmed. The shortened week, due to Good Friday, will still have some noteworthy earnings: Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM), and Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL) are expected to report Q1. Despite the international tensions, gold fell 0.3% to $1,251.10 per ounce. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 2 points at 20,658, the S&P 500 gained 2, as well, with a close at 2,357, the Nasdaq rose 3 points at 5,881, and the Russell 2000 closed at 1,367 for a gain of 3 points. The NYSE’s primary exchange traded 661 million shares with total volume of 2.7 billion shares, and the Nasdaq crossed 1.6 billion shares. On the Big Board, advancers outpaced decliners by 2.1-to-1, and on the Nasdaq, decliners led by a small margin. Blocks on the NYSE fell to 5,438 from 6,168 on Friday. Click to Enlarge The “most-watched index,” the Dow Jones Industrial Average, topped on March 1 at 21,169 and has taken back about 50% of the move from the breakout at January’s high at 20,125. Now prices are being squeezed between the resistance line at 20,750 and the 50-day moving average at 20,045. Volume gives no clue as to the direction of the coming break, but MACD is negative and that could determine the outcome. Conclusion: Shortened weeks don’t usually provide new market directions. However, the market’s near-term direction may depend on the international situation. We are faced with America’s largest companies’ stocks at an apex, which is a bull/bear inflection point. Take your choice or stand aside. Cash is looking better and better. Today’s Trading Landscape To see a list of the companies reporting earnings today, click here. For a list of this week’s economic reports due out, click here. Tell us what you think about this article! Drop us an email at editor@investorplace.com, chat with us on Twitter at @InvestorPlace or comment on the post on Facebook. Read more about our comments policy here. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/dow-jones-industrial-average-international/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Technology Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Banks That Still Have Room to Climb 3 Dividend Stocks for 12 Months of Income United Stock Could Drop by Double Digits Qualcomm Is Countersuing Apple iPhone 8 May Be Delayed Until ... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Blue-Chip Stocks That Will Bleed for the Rest of 2017 7 Tech Stocks That Are a Sneeze Away From Collapsing 3 Bank Stocks That Still Have Room to Climb United Continental Holdings, Inc. Stock Could Drop by Double Digits (UAL) 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Income Most Popular The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for 2017: Still the Best? The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is Finally Breaking Out Apple Inc. Stock Will Correct Ahead of Q2 Earnings (AAPL) Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When It Returns to Reality Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chartered PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Petrofac (POFCF) Downgraded by Sanford C. Bernstein to “Underperform” PAREXEL International Co. (PRXL) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes CorVel (CRVL) to Repurchase 1,000,000 Outstanding Shares Share Buyback Program Approved by Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Board Charter Trust Co. Acquires 36 Shares of Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Stake Increased by Raymond James Trust N.A. Unum Group (UNM) Shares Sold by Charter Trust Co. Raymond James Trust N.A. Has $849,000 Stake in O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Deutsche Highome Opportunitis Fd (DHG) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Peregrine Capital Management LLC Cuts Position in Magellan Health Inc (MGLN) Raymond James Trust N.A. Has $1.073 Million Stake in Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Contravisory Investment Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Cleantech Solutions International (CLNT) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.23 Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Discovery Communications Inc. Raised by Analyst (DISCA) Raymond James Trust N.A. Sells 3,112 Shares of Nike Inc (NKE) CNH Industrial NV (CNHI) Given News Impact Score of 0.31 Halyard Health Inc (HYH) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CarMax, Inc (KMX) Earns Market Perform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Standard Chartered PLC (LON: STAN): 4/6/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 890 ($11.05) price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 570 ($7.08) price target on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 750 ($9.31) price target on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC was downgraded by analysts at Berenberg Bank to a “hold” rating. They now have a GBX 725 ($9.00) price target on the stock, down previously from GBX 750 ($9.31). 3/9/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 570 ($7.08) price target on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 1,000 ($12.42) price target on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target lowered by analysts at Citigroup Inc from GBX 900 ($11.18) to GBX 890 ($11.05). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC was given a new GBX 620 ($7.70) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 520 ($6.46) to GBX 575 ($7.14). They now have an “underweight” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 515 ($6.40) to GBX 570 ($7.08). They now have an “underperform” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 600 ($7.45) to GBX 620 ($7.70). They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 870 ($10.80) price target on the stock. 2/20/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC was downgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to a “neutral” rating. 2/16/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 515 ($6.40) price target on the stock. Standard Chartered PLC (LON:STAN) opened at 738.10 on Tuesday. Standard Chartered PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 453.65 and a 12-month high of GBX 821.60. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 742.42 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 702.39. The firm’s market cap is GBX 24.19 billion. In other news, insider Andrew Nigel (Andy) Halford sold 6,155 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 727 ($9.03), for a total value of £44,746.85 ($55,565.44). Standard Chartered PLC is an international banking company. The Banks’s segments include Corporate & Institutional Banking, Retail Banking, Commercial Banking and Private Banking. Its Corporate & Institutional Banking segment allows companies and financial institutions to operate and trade globally, and its Private Banking segment supports high net worth individuals with their banking needs across borders and offers access to global investment opportunities. Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chartered PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks May Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary 4/11/2017 8:59 AM ET Following the lackluster performance seen in the previous session, stocks may continue to show a lack of direction in early trading on Tuesday. The major index futures are currently pointing to a roughly flat open for the markets, with the Dow futures down by just 1 point. A lack of major U.S. economic data may keep traders on the sidelines ahead of the upcoming Good Friday holiday on Friday. The economic calendar for the week starts off relatively quiet but picks up in the coming days, including with the release of some key data while the markets are closed on Friday. Reports on retail sales, producer and consumer prices, and import and export prices may attract attention later this week. On the earnings front, financial giants Citigroup (C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC) are due to report their quarterly results next Thursday. Stocks showed a lack of direction during trading on Monday following the weakness seen in the previous week. The major averages spent the day bouncing back and forth across the unchanged line before closing slightly higher. The Dow inched up 0.84 points or less than a tenth of percent, the Nasdaq crept up 3.11 points or 0.1 percent to 5,880.93, and the S&P 500 ticked up 1.61 points or 0.1 percent to 2,357.17. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Tuesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index fell by 0.3 percent, while China's Shanghai Composite Index climbed by 0.6 percent. The major European markets have also turned mixed on the day. While the German DAX Index is down by 0.1 percent, the French CAC 40 Index is up by 0.1 percent and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index is up by 0.7 percent. In commodities trading, crude oil futures are unchanged after climbing $0.84 to $53.08 a barrel on Monday. Meanwhile, after sliding $3.40 to $1,253.90 an ounce in the previous session, gold futures are climbing $7.80 to $1,261.70 an ounce. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 110.47 yen compared to the 110.94 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.0609 compared to yesterday's $1.0596. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Unhappy Campers: The 10 Most Miserable Nations on Earth Feeling Groovy: The 10 Countries With the Best Health Care The Ten Largest Economies In Africa Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global European Shares Seen Flat To Higher Sensex Down 150 Points In Early Trade; Nifty Dips Below 9200 Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Risk Aversion Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower Ahead Of Key Data Thai Bourse May See Renewed Consolidation Indonesia Shares Draw Another Soft Start Hong Kong Bourse May Test Support At 24,000 China Bourse May Head South On Wednesday Taiwan Shares May Open Under Pressure Lower Open Tipped For Singapore Stock Market Continued Consolidation Called For Malaysia Shares Geopolitical Concerns May Continue To Weigh On KOSPI Major Averages Close Modestly Lower But Well Off Worst Levels - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mostly Negative In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Pull Back On Rising Geopolitical Concerns <<Previous        47 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Google Details Pay Methodology To Answer Charges Of Gender Discrimination United Airlines CEO Says Deplaned Passenger Was "disruptive And Belligerent" FCC Looks To Keep In-Flight Call Ban AMC Revamps Menu To Include More Meal Items Starbucks Testing Lunch Menu In Chicago Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Victoria Beckham Clothing Line Debuts At Target Airlines Improving Flying Experience, Study Shows Barclays To Reprimand CEO Staley On Whistleblowing Case; FCA, PRA To Investigate FCC Reportedly Fast-Tracking Roll Back Of Net Neutrality Lyft Raises Another $500 Mln In Funding Rue21 Could Be Next Retail Bankruptcy ACHN Awaits PNH Data, Avita Gears Up For PMA Filing, SSKN Effects Reverse Split Company Spotlight: Akari Therapeutics AKRX Confirms Acquisition Talks, CBIO Plunges, Be All Ears For GERN AbbVie: Data Shows Elagolix Reduces Menstrual Bleeding In Phase 2b Trial Gainers & Losers Of Apr.10: CYTX, AXON, GERN, OMED, TXMD... Rue21 Could Be Next Retail Bankruptcy AXON Names New CEO, ANTH Awaits Data In Q3, Nicox Gets 2nd Chance From FDA Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Riding High: Gaia Gainers & Losers Of Apr.11: WINT, GNCA, MESO, CYTX, ENDP... Capgemini To Acquire North American Operations Of Ciber For $50 Mln Germany's Fresenius Confirms Talks To Buy Generic Drugmaker Akorn Riding High: Gaia Manulife Real Estate Buys 8 Cross Street In Singapore Sussex Bancorp To Acquire Community Bank Of Bergen In All-stock Deal PPG Acquires 40% Ownership Interest In Taiwan Chlorine Industries Mastercard Gets UK Regulatory Approval To Acquire VocaLink - Quick Facts Whole Foods Market Store In Dedham Recalls Yogurt And Granola Parfaits FOX News Appoints Amy Listerman As CFO Tesco's Deferred Prosecution Agreement With UK SFO Approved Xcerra To Be Acquired For About $580 Mln By Unic Capital Management Google Reportedly Denies Labor Department's Pay Disparity Allegations PriceSmart Remains Under Pressure In Afternoon Trading Ruby Tuesday Falls Sharply After Reporting Q3 Loss Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Spicer apologizes for claiming Hitler didn't use chemical weapons Why Tillerson has his hands full with Russian counterpart Trump’s climate demands roil U.S. allies Plane mutiny unlikely to clip United's wings ‘He’s not a good influence on the president’ How Washington’s favorite cancer fighter helps himself Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Get the Morning Money Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print MM chatter, Fed edition By Ben White and Aubree Eliza Weaver 04/11/17 08:00 AM EDT MM CHATTER: FED EDITION — Lot of rumors circulating that the White House has settled on a Fed Vice Chair for Supervision. Trouble is, no one seems to know who it is. The last round of speculation had attorney Thomas Vartanian in the lead but that buzz seemed to die down. Harvard’s Hal Scott and former Treasury undersecretary Randy Quarles also appear to still be in the mix. It’s possible new names have emerged. One person close to the matter said they didn’t think an announcement was imminent. It remains somewhat down the road but the White House will also have to turn its attention later this year to the Fed Chair job with Janet Yellen’s term expiring at the end of January 2018. Expectations among Republicans on the Hill are that Trump will not re-nominate Yellen. That remains a fairly safe bet. But it’s no lock especially if the central bank chair is executing a slow tightening process that has markets operating smoothly. Will Trump, a self-described "low rates guy," really want to install a traditional hawk heading into the 2018 midterms? Story Continued Below CEOS HIT THE WHITE HOUSE (AGAIN) — President Trump’s Strategic and Policy Forum, chaired by Blackstone’s Stephen A. Schwarzman, will gather at the White House again on Tuesday. MM sources say most of the group’s members, a list including Jamie Dimon, Larry Fink, Jack Welch and many others, are expected to show up for the second gathering. The execs are expected to meet with multiple cabinet secretaries to talk about tax reform, infrastructure and other economic growth issues before meeting with the president. GLOBAL MARKETS SLIDE — Reuters: “Asian stocks fell in choppy trade on Tuesday as the political tinderbox in the Middle East and the Korean Peninsula added to uncertainty over the looming French vote, pushing edgy investors into safer assets such as the yen and Treasuries. “Oil continued its steady climb on supply concerns in the wake of U.S. missile strikes on a Syrian air base last week, and a shutdown at a Libyan oilfield. … The heightened geopolitical risks come at a time when the global economy has shown steady improvement, led by the United States and encouraging momentum in export-reliant Asia” Read more. FOLLOW FRANCE — Bloomberg has a new infographic up this a.m. with news, polls and other indicators for the French presidential election coming later this month. GOOD TUESDAY MORNING — Email me on bwhite@politico.com and follow me on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Aubree Eliza Weaver on aweaver@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @AubreeEWeaver OFF MESSAGE PODCAST: Where to next in Syria? In the latest episode of Off Message, Isaac Dovere sits down with former American diplomat and Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams, who breaks down every angle of the U.S position in Syria following last week’s bombing. “It certainly changes our posture in the sense that we’ve now said, ‘We will attack you if you use chemical weapons.'” Listen and subscribe on iTunes | Panoply | Stitcher THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Patrick Temple-West on anti-Trump activism among investors — and to get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m. — please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 info@politicopro.com DRIVING THE DAY — Trump meets with his Strategic and Policy Forum of big name CEOs and other execs at 10:45 a.m. … Trump meets with NEC Director Gary Cohn in the afternoon … NFIB survey at 6:00 a.m. expected to dip to 104.9 from 105.3 … JOLTS Report at 10:00 a.m. expected to rise to 5,750K from 5,626K. NELSON TO CHAIR INSURANCE LOBBYING GROUP — Via POLITICO’s Zachary Warmbrodt: “Former Sen. Ben Nelson is joining insurance consultancy Goldwater Taplin as its chairman, and the firm will now be known as Nelson Taplin Goldwater. “Nelson left the Senate in 2013. Until early last year he served as CEO of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners. In an interview, Nelson said he would expand his new employer's reach beyond state-based issues to federal and international matters. He'll work from Omaha and Washington.” WELLS ISSUES BEGAN IN 2004 — POLITICO’s Victoria Guida: “Sales practice abuses at Wells Fargo started to spread as early as 2004, long before the problem became a public scandal that led regulators to fine the bank $185 million, according to a report released Monday by the lender's independent board. “The board's investigation, which examined what led thousands of employees to open fraudulent accounts for Wells customers, primarily blamed the management of the retail banking section, led by Carrie Tolstedt, for sticking with unrealistic sales goals despite signs of trouble and downplaying the problem to senior management. … “The board clawed back an additional $28 million of former CEO John Stumpf's compensation paid in March 2016, on top of $41 million he had already forfeited, according to the report” MORE CLAWBACKS — FT’s Alistair Gray and Ben McLannahan: “Directors at Wells Fargo said they would claw back an extra $75m in bonus payouts after an internal investigation into the bank’s sham accounts scandal found top executives knew of staff abuse years earlier than previously disclosed. “A damning report published on Monday placed much of the blame at the door of Wells’ former managers, including former chief executive John Stumpf, finding that they set branches ‘untenable’ targets and ignored signs of misconduct as long as 15 years ago. But critics branded the board’s ‘self-investigation’ a whitewash after current directors led by chairman Stephen Sanger, who has been under pressure to stand aside over the crisis, largely escaped censure.” Read more. BARCLAYS CEO HIT WITH PROBE OVER WHISTLEBLOWER DRAMA — WSJ’s Max Colchester and Emily Glazer: “Barclays PLC Chief Executive Jes Staley is under investigation by U.K. and U.S. regulators after he tried to unmask a whistleblower who criticized his hiring of a longtime associate for a top job. The London bank said Monday it had also launched its own investigation into the matter. “Authorities are probing Mr. Staley’s actions in trying to identify the source of an anonymous letter that criticized the hiring of Tim Main, who was named in 2016 as head of the financial institutions group at Barclays, according to people with knowledge of the events. The letter also raised questions about Mr. Staley’s dealings with him when they worked together at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co”Read more. ** A message from Morgan Stanley: Morgan Stanley helped All Aboard Florida raise capital needed to develop Brightline, an express, intercity rail connecting Southern Florida. The project won’t just reduce travel time—it’s projected to add up to hundreds of millions in tax revenue over the next several years1. Learn more at morganstanley.com/brightline. Capital creates change. ** YELLEN SAYS FED’S FOCUS HAS SHIFTED — Bloomberg’s Christopher Condon and Jeanna Smialek: “Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said the U.S. central bank’s task has shifted from a post-crisis exercise of healing the economy to one aimed at holding on to progress made. ‘Before, we had to press down on the gas pedal trying to give the economy all of the oomph that we possibly could,’ Yellen said Monday in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The Fed is now trying to ‘give it some gas, but not so much that we’re pushing down hard on the accelerator.’ “Yellen and her colleagues are aiming to ease back significantly this year on the level of support the central bank is providing the U.S. economy as they close in on their goals of full employment and 2 percent inflation. Policy makers have penciled in two additional rate hikes this year, on top of one executed in March.” Read more. CITI COMES OUT ON TOP IN GLOBAL TRANSACTION BANKING — Reuters’ Sujata Rao: “Citi was the top bank last year in transaction banking, a segment comprising trade finance and cash management services, rankings compiled by industry analytics firm Coalition showed on Tuesday. This is the first time Coalition has ranked banks on transaction banking, basing the scores on services provided to clients with annual turnover of over $1.5 billion. “Eric Li, research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters that while the investment banking industry typically grabbed more attention, transaction banking had proved to be a more steady source of income for global banks.” Read more. EXPERTS WARN INVESTORS TO PROCEED WITH CAUTION — CNBC’s Michelle Fox: “The stock market has gotten expensive and investors need to be careful, experts told CNBC on Monday. Trader Kenny Polcari, director at O'Neil Securities, said stocks have been resilient lately but may be headed for a correction. He sees it possibly happening right after tax season. “’It's a seasonality thing. If you look back the last four or five years, after tax day the market kind of pulls itself back, corrects a little bit, churns before it starts to move again,’ Polcari told ‘Closing Bell.’ Farr believes there is still value to be found in the market, and points out that ‘this has been the most called-for market top that just won't happen that I've seen in a long time.’” Read more. ACTIVIST INVESTOR TELLS BHP TO SCRAP OIL OPERATIONS — WSJ’s Scott Patterson, David Benoit and Robb Stewart: “Activist investor Elliott Management Corp. on Monday urged BHP Billiton Ltd. to spin off its U.S. petroleum assets and outlined a significant restructuring for the world’s largest listed miner. BHP rejected the New York hedge fund’s plan as too costly, setting up another fight between a giant international company and the investment firm managed by Paul Singer. “Elliott, which manages nearly $33 billion, is known as an aggressive activist investor that doesn’t shy away from targeting big companies in places where others have been hesitant to wade into local politics.”Read more. TESLA BEATS OUT G.M. — NYT’s Bill Vlasic: “By almost every measure, General Motors has been on a roll. Its bellwether pickups and sport utility vehicles have hit the sweet spot in a record-setting American market for two years. The company is steadily increasing profits and revenue. … But apparently investors have yet to be convinced that G.M., the nation’s largest automaker, has put its troubled past behind it. “In a sign of how the industry’s future is being reimagined, the electric-car maker Tesla passed G.M. on Monday as America’s most valuable auto company. With its stock gaining more than 3 percent for the day to $312.39, Tesla has a market capitalization of $50.9 billion, just a hair ahead of G.M.’s.” Read more. GLOBAL STOCKS FEEL THE PRESSURE — Reuters’ Nichola Saminather: “Global stock markets were pressured on Tuesday as rising tensions in the Middle East and political uncertainty in Europe kept investors on edge, underpinning safe assets such as the yen, gold and Treasuries. The exception was oil, which continued its steady climb on supply concerns in the wake of the U.S. missile strikes on a Syrian air base last week, and a shutdown at a Libyan oilfield. “Overnight, Wall Street ended a choppy session little changed, weighed down by nervousness about quarterly corporate earnings later this week. The depressed sentiment pulled 10-year U.S. Treasury yields down to 2.3535 percent early on Tuesday from Monday's 2.3610 percent close.” Read more. HACKERS STRIKE AMAZON THIRD-PARTY SELLERS — WSJ’s Laura Stevens and Robert McMillan: “Hackers are targeting the growing population of third-party sellers on Amazon.com Inc., using stolen credentials to post fake deals and steal cash. In recent weeks, attackers have changed the bank-deposit information on Amazon accounts of active sellers to steal tens of thousands of dollars from each, according to several sellers and advisers. Attackers also have hacked into the Amazon accounts of sellers who haven’t used them recently to post nonexistent merchandise for sale at steep discounts in an attempt to pocket the cash, those people say. “The fraud stems largely from email and password credentials stolen from previously hacked accounts and then sold on what’s dubbed the ‘dark web,’ a network of anonymous internet servers where hackers communicate and trade illicit information. Such hacks previously have favored sites such as PayPal Inc. and eBay Inc., but Amazon recently has become a target of choice, according to cybersecurity experts” Read more. TRUMP INFRASTRUCTURE IN TROUBLE? — POLITICO’s Lauren Gardner: “Trump's hopes to score an easy victory with a $1 trillion infrastructure plan are running into familiar roadblocks — suspicious Democrats, a divided GOP and questions about the math. Trump's proposal, which could come as early as May, is expected to call for much less federal spending than its eye-popping price tag implies, with the vast majority of that $1 trillion likely to come from tax breaks and other incentives for private investment. “And the administration will almost certainly leave Congress to do the heavy lifting in crafting the details, leaving the plan's fate further out of Trump's hands. Still, Trump and his senior advisers have been ramping up their infrastructure pitch as the White House looks for a win that would let it move past setbacks like the Republican debacle on health care” MEET THE OTHER KUSHNER — FORBES’ Steven Bertoni: "We now have the makings of a Hollywood-worthy sibling rivalry, which will play out on the national stage: the younger brother, who attended the Women's March on Washington, helping lead the team running the most prominent startup of the Obamacare era; the older brother, who has either bought into Steve Bannon's worldview or proved powerless to temper it, helping lead the team that's determined to end the Obamacare era. “‘Jared and I still speak every day,' says [Josh] Kushner, who won't elaborate on what they discuss or pretty much any other family dynamic. The Kushner brothers rate among the dullest, least forthcoming people ever to emerge as glamorous power brokers. For his part, Jared would not speak for this story, instead emailing, blandly” Read more. … The cover WAGE GAINS SLOWING? — Via Dean Baker, Co-Director, Center for Economic and Policy Research: "The March jobs report actually provides evidence of a modest slowing of wage growth in recent months. The annualized rate of growth in the most recent three months compared to the prior three was just 2.4 percent, down from 2.7 percent last year. This suggests the Fed need not worry about rapid wage growth causing inflation.” Read more. ** A message from Morgan Stanley: When All Aboard Florida wanted to bring an innovative express, intercity railway to Florida, Morgan Stanley helped it raise capital to make the project happen. The new Brightline trains are expected to cut travel time across Southern Florida by about an hour, while potentially creating over 10,000 jobs on average per year during construction1. All with zero projected taxpayer subsidies1. Capital creates better connections for people, communities and cities. Read the whole story at morganstanley.com/brightline. Capital creates change. Disclaimer: 1 Based on data provided by All Aboard Florida. For more information visit: http://allaboardﬂorida.com/project-details/aaf-fact-sheet CRC 1737672 03/17 ** « View Archives Authors: Ben White bwhite@politico.com @morningmoneyben Aubree Eliza Weaver aweaver@politico.com @AubreeEWeaver About The Author Ben White is POLITICO Pro's chief economic correspondent and author of the “Morning Money” column covering the nexus of finance and public policy. Prior to joining POLITICO in the fall of 2009, Mr. White served as a Wall Street reporter for the New York Times, where he shared a Society of Business Editors and Writers award for breaking news coverage of the financial crisis. From 2005 to 2007, White was Wall Street correspondent and U.S. Banking Editor at the Financial Times. White worked at the Washington Post for nine years before joining the FT. He served as national political researcher and research assistant to columnist David S. Broder and later as Wall Street correspondent. White, a 1994 graduate of Kenyon College, has two sons and lives in New York City. About The Author Aubree Eliza Weaver is a Web producer for POLITICO Pro. She graduated from Le Moyne College in her hometown of Syracuse, N.Y., where she was the editor-in-chief of her school’s newspaper, The Dolphin; co-hosted a political segment on the school’s news station, LCTV; and worked as a photography assistant in the Visual Arts department. As a student, Weaver interned with various communications organizations, including the publicity department of Regnery Publishing and serving as a news broadcast intern at Time Warner Cable’s Syracuse affiliate, YNN. Immediately following her graduation in May 2013, Weaver moved to D.C. to work as a summer program adviser for The Fund for American Studies’ Institute on Political Journalism, an educational nonprofit that offers courses, internships, lecture series and other opportunities for college students and recent grads. She was a student in the program in the summer of 2011, when she first fell in love with D.C. In her free time, Weaver loves to read and write (as all journalists do), play guitar until her fingers are numb, drink more coffee than she’d care to admit, and spend time with her family. Most Read ‘He’s not a good influence on the president’ Spicer apologizes for claiming Hitler didn't use chemical weapons Why the Trump administration has so many vacancies Trump takes control of the GOP machine Sessions signals immigration crackdown: 'This is the Trump era' Democrats hope to deliver Trump stinging defeats in special elections Obama heading to Germany in May to talk democracy with Merkel Eric Trump: Syria missile strikes prove there's no Trump-Russia connection 'Apprentice' contestant disputes Trump immunity claim Trump overstates job creation numbers under his administration Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 4/11/17 Monday, 4/10/17 Friday, 4/7/17 Thursday, 4/6/17 Wednesday, 4/5/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine The Happy-Go-Lucky Jewish Group That Connects Trump and Putin By Ben Schreckinger The Handbook That Can Help Americans Rig the Government By Eric Liu So You Want to Partition Libya … By Geoff D. Porter Is Obamacare in a ‘Death Spiral’? By Harold Pollack More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance British Land Company PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for British Land Company PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Buying: British Land Company PLC (BLND) Insider Acquires £18,023.99 in Stock Caroline D. Naggiar Sells 22,315 Shares of Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Stock Ted C. Ho Sells 60,000 Shares of Gigamon Inc (GIMO) Stock Dorman Products Inc. (DORM) Position Reduced by Foundry Partners LLC Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Bought by Beacon Financial Group Washington Trust Bancorp (WASH) Stake Reduced by Foundry Partners LLC Foundry Partners LLC Invests $3.802 Million in West Corp (WSTC) Cacti Asset Management LLC Holds Stake in Boeing Co (BA) TrueNorth Inc. Has $289,000 Stake in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Position Maintained by Bath Savings Trust Co Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Stake Decreased by Macquarie Group Ltd. Garrison Capital (GARS) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of -0.13 $1.20 EPS Expected for DineEquity Inc (DIN) This Quarter Glen Burnie Bancorp (GLBZ) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Study Finds Quotient (QTNT) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Finds $0.83 Earnings Per Share Expected for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp (WAB) This Quarter Matson (MATX) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.15 Somewhat Negative News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Issuer Direct Corp (ISDR) Share Price Speedy Hire Plc (SDY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Insider Buying: British Land Company PLC (BLND) Insider Acquires £18,023.99 in Stock April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet British Land Company PLC (LON:BLND) insider Tim Score purchased 2,999 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 601 ($7.46) per share, for a total transaction of £18,023.99 ($22,381.71). Shares of British Land Company PLC (LON:BLND) opened at 654.00 on Tuesday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 6.73 billion. British Land Company PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 499.96 and a 52 week high of GBX 773.35. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 614.24 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 608.53. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th will be paid a dividend of GBX 7.30 ($0.09) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 30th. This represents a yield of 1.23%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/insider-buying-british-land-company-plc-blnd-insider-acquires-18023-99-in-stock.html. A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on BLND shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 770 ($9.56) price objective on shares of British Land Company PLC in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 740 ($9.19) price objective on shares of British Land Company PLC in a report on Friday, January 13th. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a GBX 505 ($6.27) price objective on shares of British Land Company PLC in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a “reduce” rating and issued a GBX 558 ($6.93) price objective on shares of British Land Company PLC in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, BNP Paribas reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 700 ($8.69) price objective on shares of British Land Company PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 665.27 ($8.26). About British Land Company PLC The British Land Company PLC is a real estate company. The Company owns, manages, develops and finances a portfolio of commercial properties focused on retail locations around the United Kingdom and London offices. It creates and operates places for people to work, shop and live in. Its segments are Offices and residential, Retail and leisure, Canada Water and Other/unallocated. Receive News & Ratings for British Land Company PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for British Land Company PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Banks Stick to Market-Friendly Scenario for French Elections by Stefania Spezzati @stespezzati More stories by Stefania Spezzati April 11, 2017, 7:25 AM EDT Macron seen winning the French presidency against Le Pen Credit Suisse expects a positive outcome for European economy The French-German 10-year yield spread may have reached the widest since February this week, but banks including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. are still predicting a market-friendly scenario from the outcome of France’s presidential election. The yield difference, which has been a barometer for perceived election risk, widened for a third day Tuesday, reaching 78 basis points, the most since Feb. 22. Despite these jitters, strategists foresee a pro-Europe candidate winning the election, with the independent Emmanuel Macron seen beating Front National leader Marine Le Pen in the second round of voting in May. Most analysts were caught off guard last year, failing to predict the U.K.’s decision in June to leave the European Union, and not forecasting U.S. President Donald Trump’s victory in November. Now, they have another difficult call to make with the French presidential election becoming a four-way contest after the far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon surged in the polls. Still, most banks assign a low probability of an anti-euro candidate winning. Here a selection of bank’s views on France’s most unpredictable election in a generation. Credit Suisse Group AG “While the stakes appear high, our central scenario is for not just a neutral, but a positive outcome for France and for the euro area’s economy,” research analysts including Anais Boussie wrote in a note to clients on April 10. The bank’s case scenario is that Macron and Le Pen will move to the second round, with Macron winning. Macron’s strong pro-European stance could even help restart the stalled European engine, and further ease the political risk present in other European countries, according to the strategists.  On the flip side, a scenario with Le Pen versus Melenchon would probably be the most concerning one, likely prompting an immediate risk-off move. Still, the bank sees leaving the euro as “unrealistic” and leading to a very expensive way to default. Deutsche Bank AG A historical analysis of previous elections suggest that a first-round surprise, defined as Macron or Le Pen not qualifying for the second round, wouldn’t be unusual, strategists including Francis Yared wrote in a note to clients on April 7.  On the other hand, the conditions under which Le Pen could win, conditional on a Macron–Le Pen second round, are extreme, and the polling errors would be well outside of historical norms. The most market-moving scenarios such as Melenchon – Le Pen on the negative side, or Macron – Fillon on the positive side, face relatively high hurdles. However, Fillon qualifying for the second round, or finishing fourth, remain plausible in light of historical polling errors. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. A victory by a moderate reformist candidate, such as Fillon or Macron, is our European economics team base case, strategists including Francesco Garzarelli wrote in a note to clients on April 10. This scenario would result in a narrowing of French bond spreads, he added. The bank expects French bond spreads and yields to come under upward pressure if the first round of the presidential election were to result in a strong showing of anti-establishment parties such as Le Pen or Melenchon, and recommended its clients to sell futures on French bonds. JPMorgan Chase & Co. The first-round gap narrows but remains sizable, analysts including Raphael Brun-Aguerre said in a note to client on April 10. The gap between Macron and Le Pen, on the one hand, and Fillon and Melenchon, on the other, remains large. “We thus continue to expect Macron and Le Pen to qualify for the second round,” they added in the note.  The gap between the two candidates for the second round remains large, and continues to suggest that a Macron victory is the most likely outcome. Morgan Stanley While we still assume Macron will become the next French president, the margin of his expected win will also impact markets, strategists including Hans Redeker, wrote in a note to clients today. The smaller the margin, the bigger the market uncertainties become. A fragmented parliament may put Macron immediately into a ‘lame duck’ position, not sitting well with EMU’s reform needs, they added. France is much more likely to elect a moderate rather than an anti-euro president, economist Daniele Antonucci said in a separate note to clients. He assigned a 15 percent chance of Front National’s Le Pen winning.  Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mulesoft Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mulesoft Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group LLC Lowers State Street Corp (STT) to Hold HCP, Inc. (HCP) Downgraded by Mizuho Pinnacle Foods Inc (PF) Now Covered by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Mulesoft Inc (MULE) Coverage Initiated at Bank of America Corp Mulesoft Inc (MULE) Coverage Initiated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Potlatch Co. (PCH) Downgraded by DA Davidson to “Underperform” Teachers Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Kentucky Retirement Systems Takes Position in Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 21,072 Shares of Centurylink Inc (CTL) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Position Decreased by Teachers Advisors LLC UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $32.335 Million Position in Envision Healthcare Co. (EVHC) Kentucky Retirement Systems Buys New Position in FMC Corp (FMC) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $32.371 Million Position in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Invests $20.953 Million in UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Position Lowered by Teachers Advisors LLC Colony Starwood Homes (SFR) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC CIGNA Co. (CI) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Pulse Biosciences Inc (PLSE) Major Shareholder Purchases $3,781,414.00 in Stock Lighthouse Group plc (LGT) Insider Acquires £6,000 in Stock Escher Group Holdings plc (ESCH) Insider Sells £369,750 in Stock Mulesoft Inc (MULE) Coverage Initiated at Bank of America Corp April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Bank of America Corp initiated coverage on shares of Mulesoft Inc (NASDAQ:MULE) in a research report issued on Tuesday, The Fly reports. The firm set a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also commented on MULE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Mulesoft in a report on Tuesday. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies started coverage on Mulesoft in a report on Tuesday. They set an “overweight” rating on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC started coverage on Mulesoft in a report on Tuesday. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on Mulesoft in a report on Tuesday. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. Finally, Barclays PLC started coverage on Mulesoft in a report on Tuesday. They set an “equal weight” rating on the stock. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. Mulesoft presently has an average rating of “Hold”. Mulesoft (NASDAQ:MULE) opened at 23.31 on Tuesday. Mulesoft has a one year low of $21.80 and a one year high of $25.92. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $23.55 and its 200 day moving average is $23.55. The company’s market capitalization is $628.44 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/mulesoft-inc-mule-coverage-initiated-at-bank-of-america-corp.html. In other news, major shareholder Brookside Capital Partners Fun sold 10,855 shares of Mulesoft stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.85, for a total transaction of $258,891.75. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, major shareholder Adage Capital Partners Gp, L.L sold 25,000 shares of Mulesoft stock in a transaction on Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.06, for a total value of $626,500.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 297,155 shares of company stock worth $6,965,843. About Mulesoft MuleSoft, Inc, headquartered in San Francisco, California, is a provider of software services. Receive News & Ratings for Mulesoft Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mulesoft Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Century Communities and UCP Agree to Business Combination GREENWOOD VILLAGE, Colo. & SAN JOSE, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Century Communities, Inc. (NYSE: “CCS”), a leading homebuilder of single-family homes, townhomes and flats in select U.S. markets, and UCP, Inc. (NYSE: “UCP”) today jointly announced a definitive agreement pursuant to which the two companies have agreed to merge in a transaction with an aggregate value of $336 million, including the payment of certain indebtedness. The combined company will have an equity market capitalization of over $700 million and an enterprise value of over $1.3 billion. The combined company will be in 10 states, 17 markets and 117 communities, with revenues of more than $1.3 billion and inventories of more than $1.2 billion (calculated on a pro forma basis at or for the year ended December 31, 2016). In the merger, each outstanding share of UCP common stock will be converted into the right to receive $5.32 in cash and 0.2309 of a newly issued share of Century common stock. Based on the closing sale price of Century’s common stock as reported yesterday on the NYSE, the implied value of the total stock and cash consideration to be received by UCP’s stockholders in the merger is $11.35 per share, and UCP’s stockholders would own, on a pro forma basis, approximately 16.4% of the combined company. The transaction is expected to close by the end of the third quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions, including the adoption of the merger agreement by UCP’s stockholders. Increased Scale – The combined company will own or control approximately 25,000 lots and will have a backlog in excess $450 million (calculated on a pro forma basis as of December 31, 2016). Geographically Diverse Portfolio with Essentially No Overlap – The combined company portfolio will consist of lots and communities in California, Colorado, Georgia, Nevada, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah and Washington. The combination provides for an expanded, national footprint across high-growth markets, which we believe enhances growth prospects while mitigating risks against any potential price and value uncertainties in regional homebuilding markets. Seamless Integration and Enhanced Platform – Century and UCP share culturally similar management philosophies and strategic growth objectives which should provide for a unified operating team with extensive land acquisition, entitlement and development expertise. Earnings Accretion – The merger is expected to be accretive to the company’s 2018 earnings per share as a result of revenue and cost synergies and economies of scale. Increased Market Liquidity – The merger is expected to broaden the combined company’s investor base and increase share liquidity due to the issuance of approximately 4.35 million shares of Century common stock. Dale Francescon, Co-Chief Executive Officer of Century stated, “We are pleased to announce the combination of Century and UCP which will position the combined company as a leading homebuilder with significant national scale. UCP’s highly complementary land positions combined with Century’s existing portfolio creates a diverse national growth platform and footprint.” Rob Francescon, Co-Chief Executive Officer of Century noted, “The merger facilitates expanded product offerings across the full buyer segment spectrum with cutting edge designs at multiple price points for maximum customer reach. The combined company is expected to generate significant operating efficiencies which should create a rate of revenue growth and increased stockholder value in excess of what either company could achieve on a standalone basis.” Dustin Bogue, Chief Executive Officer of UCP, commented, “We are pleased with the substantial progress we have made since our founding in 2004 to execute on our strategy, expand our regional presence and solidify our positions in very attractive Western and Southeastern markets. The merger with Century provides all of our stockholders with an opportunity to continue a portion of their equity investment and participate in the earnings growth, value accretion, synergies and enhanced prospects of a leading homebuilder with a more geographically diverse and risk-resistant national footprint. At the same time our stockholders will receive immediate cash liquidity for a portion of their investment in UCP.” The transaction has been unanimously approved by the board of directors of both Century and UCP. UCP’s largest shareholder, PICO Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: “PICO”), has entered into a voting agreement pursuant to which it has committed to vote 57% of UCP’s outstanding voting power for the adoption of the merger agreement. The voting agreement terminates automatically if the merger agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms. Century will fund the cash portion of the merger with available borrowing capacity under its $400 million senior unsecured credit facility. Professional Advisors J.P. Morgan Securities LLC served as financial advisor to Century; Greenberg Traurig, LLP acted as Century’s legal counsel; and Builder Advisor Group, LLC provided certain real estate business services to Century. Citi acted as financial advisor for UCP and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP acted as UCP’s legal counsel. About Century Communities Founded in 2002, Colorado-based Century Communities is a builder of single-family homes, townhomes and flats in select major metropolitan markets in Colorado, Georgia, Nevada, Texas, Utah, and North Carolina. The Company offers a wide variety of product lines and is engaged in all aspects of homebuilding, including the acquisition, entitlement and development of land and the construction, marketing and sale of homes. Century Communities is a top-25 U.S. homebuilder based on homes delivered. To learn more about Century Communities please visit www.centurycommunities.com. About UCP, Inc. UCP is a homebuilder and land developer with expertise in residential land acquisition, development and entitlement, as well as home design, construction and sales. UCP operates in the States of California, Washington, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. UCP designs and builds single-family homes for a variety of lifestyles and budgets through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Benchmark Communities, LLC. Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this news release that are not historical in nature constitute forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements relate to information or assumptions about the timing of completion of the proposed acquisition, the expected benefits of the proposed acquisition, management’s plans, projections and objectives for future operations, scale and performance, integration plans and expected synergies therefrom, and anticipated future financial and operating performance results, including operating margin or gross margin capital and other expenditures, cash flow, dividends, restructuring and other project costs, and cost savings, and debt ratings. These statements are accompanied by words such as „anticipate,” „expect,” „project,” „will,” „believe,” „estimate” and similar expressions. Such expectations are based upon certain preliminary information, internal estimates, and management assumptions, expectations, and plans, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties inherent in projecting future conditions, events, and results. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements if one or more of the underlying assumptions or expectations prove to be inaccurate or are unrealized. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the risk that the necessary stockholder approvals may not be obtained; the risk that the necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained or may be obtained subject to conditions that are not anticipated; the risk that the proposed acquisition will not be consummated in a timely manner; risks that any of the closing conditions to the proposed acquisition may not be satisfied or may not be satisfied in a timely manner; risks related to disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the proposed acquisition; the risk that Century is unable to retain its investment grade rating; failure to realize the benefits expected from the proposed acquisition; the risk that the cost savings and any other synergies from the acquisition may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected; the future cash requirements of the combined company; general worldwide economic uncertainties; failure to promptly and effectively integrate the acquisition; and the effect of the announcement of the proposed acquisition on the ability of Century and UCP to retain customers and retain and hire key personnel, maintain relationships with suppliers, on their operating results and businesses generally and those factors listed in Century’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and UCP’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, in each case, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly different results. There can be no assurance that the merger or any other transaction described above will in fact be consummated in the manner described, or at all. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Unless legally required, neither Century nor UCP assumes any obligation, and expressly disclaims any such obligation, to update any forward-looking statement as a result of new information or future events or developments. No Offer or Solicitation The information in this communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase, nor a solicitation of an offer to sell, subscribe for or buy any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to or in connection with the merger or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act and otherwise in accordance with applicable law. Important Additional Information and Where to Find it In connection with the offering and sale of shares of Century common stock in the merger, Century will file with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”), which will include a prospectus with respect to the shares to be issued in the merger and a preliminary and definitive proxy statement for the stockholders of UCP (the “Proxy Statement”), which UCP will mail to its stockholders. The definitive Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement will contain important information about the merger and related matters. WE URGE INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS TO CAREFULLY READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC AND ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THOSE DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT CENTURY, UCP AND THE PROPOSED MERGER. Investors and stockholders will be able to obtain copies of the Registration Statement, Proxy Statement and other documents (when they become available) filed with the SEC by Century and UCP free of charge at the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov. In addition, copies will be available free of charge by accessing Century’s website at www.centurycommunities.com by clicking on the “Investors” link, then clicking on “Financial Information” and then clicking on the “SEC Filings” link or by accessing the Investor Relations section of UCP’s website at www.unioncommunityllc.com. Participant in the Merger Solicitation UCP, PICO, Century, and their respective directors and certain of their respective executive officers and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of UCP in respect of the proposed acquisition contemplated by the Proxy Statement. Information about UCP’s directors and executive officers is set forth in its definitive proxy statement for its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 7, 2016, information about PICO’s directors and executive officers is set forth in its definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 21, 2017, and information about Century’s directors and executive officers is set forth in its definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 29, 2017, in each case, together with any subsequent current reports on Form 8-K filed pursuant to Item 5.02, as applicable to UCP, PICO and Century. These documents are available free of charge from the sources indicated above, from UCP at the Investor Relations section of its website (http://www.unioncommunityllc.com), from PICO’s website (http://investors.picoholdings.com) and from Century’s website (http://www.centurycommunities.com). CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Air Data Systems Market by Technology, Application & Geography – Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Tegile Closes $33 Million to Continue Growth in All-Flash Sales and Further Accelerate Expansion Search Recent Posts Battle Mountain Gold Consolidates 100% Interest in the Lewis Gold Project Global Commercial Chrome Mixer Taps Market 2017 Regional Outlook, Analysis, Size, Share, Forecast -2022 Global Computer Cases Market 2017 Regional Outlook, Analysis, Size, Share, Forecast -2022 Global Commercial Electric Fryer Market 2017 Regional Outlook, Analysis, Size, Share, Forecast -2022 Global Contemporary Auditorium Armchair Market 2017 Regional Outlook, Analysis, Size, Share, Forecast -2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
12/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 12/04/2017 German police keep open mind over Dortmund Borussia bus blasts Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It was a targeted attack on the Borussia Dortmund team" Gregor Lange Dortmund Police Chief World 12/04/2017 Tough talks and tension for Tillerson in Moscow Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Frankly Putin is backing a person that's truly an evil person" Donald Trump US President World 12/04/2017 UN refugee agency warns of mass starvation in Africa Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""it's a critical situation that is rapidly unfolding across a large swathe of Africa"" Adrian Edwards UNHCR spokesperson World 12/04/2017 Trump spokesman Sean Spicer apologises over Hitler gaffe Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "(Hitler) was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing" Sean Spicer White House spokesman World 11/04/2017 United Airlines says sorry after evicted passenger video goes viral Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I deeply apologise to the passenger forcibly removed... No-one should ever be mistreated this way" Oscar Munoz Chief Executive Officer, United Airlines World 11/04/2017 Greece's island refugee camps buckle under the strain Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Business 11/04/2017 Nine EU states could still adopt the euro. But why would they? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We have a lot of discipline but we also have a lot of divergence" Pierre Moscovici European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs Business 11/04/2017 Toshiba warns it may not survive amid massive Westinghouse losses Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We will do our utmost to avoid being delisted" Satoshi Tsunakawa Toshiba chief executive more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Barclays boss reprimanded over whistleblower probe Now Reading: Barclays boss reprimanded over whistleblower probe corporate 10/04/2017 Barclays boss reprimanded over whistleblower probe Today's Top Stories Germany 12/04/2017 German police keep open mind over Dortmund Borussia bus blasts world news 12/04/2017 UN refugee agency warns of mass starvation in Africa Russia 12/04/2017 Tough talks and tension for Tillerson in Moscow Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 11/04/2017 Death sentences soar but executions fall in 2016 says Amnesty world news 11/04/2017 Pyongyang Marathon offers rare opportunity to visit North Korea world news 11/04/2017 Shell: shady dealings with convicted money launderer Most viewed real economy 11/04/2017 Nine EU states could still adopt the euro. But why would they? corporate 11/04/2017 Toshiba warns it may not survive amid massive Westinghouse losses corporate 11/04/2017 Tesla investors buy the dream real economy 11/04/2017 Where does Croatia fit into a Multi-Speed Europe? business planet 07/04/2017 The rebirth of construction waste in Slovenia last updated: 10/04/2017 Euronews ALL VIEWS Tap to find out British financial regulators have said they are investigating Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley and the bank itself over a whistleblowing incident. The UK-based bank revealed that Staley had twice tried to identify an employee who had raised concerns about an executive hired by Barclays who had previously worked with Staley at JPMorgan Chase. The bank said it had formally reprimanded its top boss for what it called a serious offence. His pay will be “very significantly” cut, but the bank said it intends to support his reappointment at its annual general meeting next month. “I have apologised to the Barclays Board, and accepted its conclusion that my personal actions in this matter were errors on my part,” Staley said. The investigation The investigation relates to anonymous letters sent in June 2016 to members of the board and a senior executive that raised concerns about a senior employee who had been recruited by Barclays earlier that year, the bank said. Barclays did not name that executive but a person familiar with the matter told the Reuters news agency the letters were about Tim Main, who Staley worked with at JP Morgan. Main was hired in June 2016 as chairman of Barclays’ financial institutions group, based in New York. “Amongst other issues, the letters raised concerns of a personal nature about the senior employee, Mr Staley’s knowledge of and role in dealing with those issues at a previous employer, and the appropriateness of the recruitment process followed on this occasion by Barclays,” Barclays said in its statement. What Staley did After being given a copy of the first letter and made aware of the second, Staley asked the bank’s group information security (GIS) team attempt to identify the author or authors of the letters. “Mr Staley considered that the letters were an unfair personal attack on the senior employee,” the bank said. Staley was told it was not appropriate to try to identify the author or authors. But in July 2016 he asked if the issue had been cleared. Following this, he had an “honestly held, but mistaken, belief was that he had clearance to identify the author of one of the letters”, the bank said. Scandals The issue puts Barclays’ culture under more scrutiny after a number of scandals at the bank in recent years. “I am personally very disappointed and apologetic that this situation has occurred, particularly as we strive to operate to the highest possible ethical standards,” Barclays chairman John McFarlane said. A member of the British parliament’s Treasury select committee, Labour Party MP John Mann, said Staley should resign. MP calls #jesstaley to leave #Barclays for mistreating #Whistleblowing https://t.co/jVxcP0K089 #hbos #13ReasonsWhy #putthecuffsonme #US #uk pic.twitter.com/LPTsQHt2Sm— EFG Action Group (@EFG_Support) April 10, 2017 Fired Richard Boath, a senior former Barclays investment banker, last year claimed he was fired from the bank for whistle blowing. Boath said in court he was dismissed as a “direct response” of what he told the Serious Fraud Office during an investigation into the bank over its fundraising from Gulf investors during the financial crisis. He is suing the bank at a London employment tribunal in a pay dispute and for unfair dismissal due to whistle blowing. The only mention of ethics in Staley's goals at Barclays was in the context of instilling a “performance ethic.” https://t.co/Pz9NxW54iP— efc Students (@efc_Students) April 10, 2017 ALL VIEWS Tap to find out Share this article: More about: Barclays Banking United Kingdom Financial regulation Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Lanceur d'alerte : Barclays visé par une enquête See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Verfolgter Barclays-Whistleblower bleibt anonym, Bankchef bestraft See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano L'amministratore delegato di Barclays finisce sotto inchiesta See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español Investigado el CEO de Barclays por intentar destapar a un denunciante anónimo See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Presidente do Barclays sob investigação See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Barclays'den muhbirin peşine düşen yöneticiye ceza See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Розслідування проти гендиректора Barclays See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Гендиректору Barclays урезали бонус See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية الرئيس التنفيذي لبنك "باركليز" قيد التحقيق See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی مدیرعامل بانک بارکلیز تحت تحقیق قرار گرفت See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Υπό έρευνα τέθηκε ο επικεφαλής της τράπεζας Barclays See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Nyomoznak a Barclays vezére ellen See translation Auto-Translated Page 1 Copy 34 All views This article × Business 10/04/2017 Barclays boss reprimanded over whistleblower probe Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Editor's choice world news 11/04/2017 Death sentences soar but executions fall in 2016 says Amnesty world news 11/04/2017 Pyongyang Marathon offers rare opportunity to visit North Korea world news 11/04/2017 Shell: shady dealings with convicted money launderer world news 10/04/2017 The champion chicas: girls' team wins boys' football league in Spain View 10/04/2017 Constitutional referendum: state of emergency could become permanent in Turkey world news 11/04/2017 How Europe is being used in the Turkish referendum campaign Spain 07/04/2017 Spain on threshold of an end to ETA and domestic terrorism world news 07/04/2017 Attack, counter-attack - this week in pictures brussels bureau 10/04/2017 The Brief from Brussels: UN calls on EU states not to return asylum seekers... Next Article corporate 05/04/2017 German economy minister seeks Opel jobs pledge from Peugeot Citroen Today's Top Stories Germany 12/04/2017 German police keep open mind over Dortmund Borussia bus blasts world news 12/04/2017 UN refugee agency warns of mass starvation in Africa Russia 12/04/2017 Tough talks and tension for Tillerson in Moscow Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags USA Football Sport Champions league Russia Conflict in Syria European Union Turkey Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Trading Nation Trading Nation Videos Trader Bios Banks are at a critical level – here’s how one trader is cashing in Todd Gordon of TradingAnalysis.com sees downside brewing for financials. Gordon said financials have been "retesting old lows." Citigroup is expected to move 3 percent in either direction on Thursday's earnings report. Annie Pei 20 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Trader bets against banks ahead of earnings    Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 2:29 PM ET | 04:06 A big week is ahead for the financials sector as a handful of big banks get ready to report earnings, but Todd Gordon of TradingAnalysis.com sees downside brewing in the charts for the group. Financials initially began the year as one of the best-performing sectors, but the sector has since slumped almost 7 percent. Citigroup, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan are all slated to report earnings on Thursday, and from a technical standpoint, Gordon believes investors should still bet against the banks. "I think some technical damage is done to these financials and we might want to explore some additional downside," he said Monday on CNBC's "Trading Nation." Looking at a chart of XLF, the ETF that tracks financials, Gordon not only sees a "good little downtrend" that has been in place since the year-to-date highs in March, but he also says that financials have been "retesting old lows." An example Gordon brings up is Wells Fargo, hovering near the $55 level that it last hit back in January. With financials near their lows, Gordon is concerned that what's happening in the bond market could send the group even lower. A chart of the long-term bond-tracking ETF, TLT, shows that TLT has repeatedly hit the $122 level since December. Gordon sees this $122 as being especially important as it signals that TLT is "threatening to break." If a breakout above $122 in TLT were to occur, bond yields would fall, which could put even more pressure on bank stocks. To profit from an XLF drop, Gordon wants to sell the April 13 weekly 23-strike calls and buy the April 13 weekly 24-strike calls. Gordon is selling the call spread for a 62 cents credit, or a credit of $62 per options spread. The $62 would be Gordon's maximum reward on the trade should XLF close below $23 when the trade expires on Thursday. But should XLF close above $24 on Thursday's expiration date, a move up of about 2 percent, Gordon would lose $38. "I'm not going to put a stop on this; I'm fully comfortable taking the $38 of risk, so I'm going to carry this right through earnings," said Gordon. Citigroup is expected to move 3 percent in either direction on Thursday's earnings report while JPMorgan and Wells Fargo have implied moves of over 2 percent on earnings. Annie PeiAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change XLF --- C --- Trading Nation Trader predicts that an infamous stock is due for a bounce After a horrendous plunge, one retail stock is beating a striking comeback. Trader explains the ‘uber-bullish scenario’ everyone is missing As one benchmark European stock market makes new highs, technical analyst Ari Wald senses a prime opportunity. Banks are at a critical level – here’s how one trader is cashing in With bank earnings just around the corner, one trader sees trouble in the charts for financials. This chart shows why Tesla’s big rally may just be getting started Shares of the automaker could see further upside following a big upgrade, according to one technical analyst. More From Trading Nation The rise of ETFs may be a cause of record-low volatility Obscure index could hold the key to the market's next move Here's why gold is trapped between two currents after failing to hold a multi-month high The market had a very strange reaction to this morning's jobs report Bullish strategist Bob Doll is ‘cautious’ on the market – here’s why Gold’s heading higher, and here’s how I’m playing it: Technical trader Just one thing in the jobs report could make me bullish—and it probably won’t be there: Strategist Analyst Dick Bove on what investors are missing about the banks Why stock investors need to start paying attention to oil again This chart shows why the bulls are getting excited about earnings Videos Which bank to buy ahead of earnings?    Dennis Davitt of Harvest Volatility Management and Craig Johnson of Piper Jaffray discuss the bank stocks with Dominic Chu. Is economic optimism fading?    The bond and gold markets appear to indicate a dampening of economic expectations. Dennis Davitt of Harvest Volatility Management and Craig Johnson of Piper Jaffray discuss with Dominic Chu. Trading Nation: Investors getting nervous?    Craig Johnson, Piper Jaffray, and Dennis Davitt, Harvest Volatility Management, discuss volatility in the markets with Melissa Lee. Trader Bios Stacey Gilbert Stacey Gilbert is the head of derivative strategy at Susquehanna. Lawrence McDonald Managing Director, ACG Analytics Rich Ross Managing Director, Head of Technical Analysis, Evercore ISI About Trading Nation is a multimedia financial news program that shows investors and traders how to use the news of the day to their advantage. This is where experts from across the financial world – including macro strategists, technical analysts, stock-pickers, and traders who specialize in options, currencies, and fixed income – come together to find the best ways to capitalize on recent developments in the market. Trading Nation: Where headlines become opportunities. Brian Sullivan Brian Sullivan is co-anchor of CNBC's "Power Lunch" (M-F,1PM-3PM ET), one of the network's longest running programs, as well as the host of the daily investing program "Trading Nation." He is also a frequent guest on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" and other NBC properties. Read more Connect Tweets by @TradingNation To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Spicer apologizes for claiming Hitler didn't use chemical weapons Why Tillerson has his hands full with Russian counterpart Trump’s climate demands roil U.S. allies Plane mutiny unlikely to clip United's wings ‘He’s not a good influence on the president’ How Washington’s favorite cancer fighter helps himself Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print W.H. still making calls looking for a deal on health care -- MULVANEY’S RISING STATUS -- 17 CEOs to the White House for a meeting with POTUS -- Congressman’s DAD writes a letter to the Freedom Caucus By ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) and JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 04/11/17 06:57 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2omRNcs ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf WHCA PRESIDENT JEFF MASON announced on "Morning Joe" that HASAN MINHAJ is the headliner for the White House Correspondents Association dinner April 29. Story Continued Below BULLETIN FROM THE WHITE HOUSE -- ATTORNEY GENERAL JEFF SESSIONS is heading to the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona today to announce “specific, new actions the Trump administration is taking to secure our borders and keep our people safe,” an aide said. THE TOUGH TALK STARTS -- AP at 6:32 a.m.: "LUCCA, Italy (AP) - Tillerson says Russia must choose between aligning with US and likeminded countries or with Assad, Iran and Hezbollah." Good Tuesday morning. PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP has said he is done with health-care reform, and is moving onto an overhaul of the tax code. But BEHIND THE SCENES, top White House officials are still calling Republicans, looking for a deal on a health-care overhaul. The bill went down in flames a few weeks ago, but the thinking is that the White House can’t just give up and walk away from their central campaign promise to repeal Obamacare. The effort has left Hill Republicans scratching their heads. A sharp Republican makes this observation: The White House is not so good at internal congressional dynamics. OMB Director Mick Mulvaney, VP Mike Pence and HHS Secretary Tom Price -- the leaders of the health-care reform effort -- are all former lawmakers, but they all lost internal party elections when they were in Congress. They haven’t proven terribly adept at counting votes. -- BUT, BUT, BUT … BUZZ IN THE WEST WING AND ON CAPITOL HILL: Mulvaney is on the rise in the Trump orbit. So when thinking about up and comers in the administration, think less about Gary Cohn, a New York City Democrat, and more about Mulvaney, a polished former congressman from the south who can keep up with Trump on the golf course (Mulvaney has a single-digit handicap). It’s also a sign of how quickly Trump can shift his loyalties. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh ANOTHER CEO MEETING AT 1600 PENNSYLVANIA -- Seventeen executives are heading to the White House today for a “Strategic and Policy Forum” meeting led by Stephen Schwarzman (the billionaire CEO of the Blackstone Group who Trump dined with at Mar-a-Lago Saturday night). The meeting is a follow up from a February session. They’ll meet in breakout sessions with cabinet secretaries before a larger listening session. TOPICS INCLUDE ... infrastructure, education and more. -- COMMERCE SECY WILBUR ROSS’S GROUP: Rich Lesser of the Boston Consulting Group; Doug McMillon of Walmart and Indra Nooyi of Pepsico. -- ED SECY BETSY DEVOS’S GROUP: Ginni Rometty of IBM; Jack Welch, formerly of GE and Toby Cosgrove of the Cleveland Clinic. -- EPA ADMIN SCOTT PRUITT’S GROUP: Dan Yergin, the vice chairman of IHS Markit; Mary Barra of General Motors and Paul Atkins of Patomak Global Partners. -- OMB DIRECTOR MICK MULVANEY’S GROUP: Kevin Warsh of the Hoover Institute; Mark Weinberger of EY; Jim McNerney, former chairman of Boeing; and Larry Fink of BlackRock. -- TRANSPORTATION SECY ELAINE CHAO’S GROUP: Elon Musk of SpaceX; Bayo Ogunlesi of Global Infrastructure Partners; Philip Howard, the founder of Common Good; Matt Rose, executive chairman of BNSF Railway. EARLY-MORNING AP STORY by GW’s own Josh Lederman in Lucca, Italy: “With fresh urgency but scant solutions, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and top foreign diplomats held an urgent meeting Tuesday to strategize on a way forward to end the protracted civil war in Syria. A meeting of the ‘likeminded’ countries was hastily arranged on the sidelines of a Group of 7 industrialized economies in Italy, days after the U.S. for the first time launched airstrikes against Syrian President Bashar Assad's forces. It came hours before Tillerson was to make a tense trip to Moscow to press Russia's leaders to finally abandon their support for Assad. ... “At Tuesday's meeting in the walled Tuscan city of Lucca, the G-7 countries were joined by diplomats from Muslim-majority nations including Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates. The inclusion of those countries is important because the U.S. strategy for Syria involves enlisting help from Mideast nations to ensure security and stability in Syria after the Islamic State group is vanquished.” http://apne.ws/2ouMJ6w SCOOP -- “Trump takes control of the GOP machine,” by Gabe Debenedetti: “Now comes stage two of President Donald Trump’s takeover of the Republican Party. With the Republican National Committee firmly in his control, the White House and Trump’s political allies are now moving to lock down the state Republican parties, installing loyalists in top positions and laying the groundwork for the 2018 midterms and his 2020 reelection campaign in key swing states. Under the watchful eye of the president and the White House political office, Trump skeptics have been ousted from atop state committees. Lines of contact have been established to gauge the political temperature on the ground and monitor key upcoming races — beginning with the 2017 governor and attorney general races in Virginia. “In addition to the political travel schedule of the president and Vice President Mike Pence -- who have since November visited a number of Republican and battleground states that they won, but none that they lost -- administration staffers are being dispatched beyond the Beltway: Kellyanne Conway, a Trump counselor in the White House and his campaign manager, is set to speak to state parties in New Hampshire and North Carolina in the coming weeks.” http://politi.co/2p2jkP3 SPECIAL ELECTION IS HAPPENING TODAY -- “Republicans undertake unexpected rescue mission in deep red Kansas,” by WaPo’s Dave Weigel in Wichita: Democratic candidate James “Thompson was not supposed to win -- or even come close -- in this largely rural 4th District, which picked Donald Trump for president by 27 points. Rep. Mike Pompeo (R) vacated the seat to lead the CIA, and Republicans expected to hold it easily. “But in the final days before Tuesday’s special election, Republicans reacted to weak polling and turnout data by rushing resources to southern Kansas. A GOP super PAC rolled out robo-calls over the weekend from Vice President Pence, and on Monday from President Trump, in support of candidate Ron Estes. ‘Ron Estes needs your vote and needs it badly,’ Trump said on the call. ‘Ron is going to be helping us, big league.’” http://wapo.st/2pog4wy -- THE JMART DEADPAN from Wichita: “Congressional Republicans knew next year’s election could prove difficult, as the first midterm campaigns for the party controlling the White House often are. But not until a few days ago would they have believed that their immediate challenge would be hanging onto a House seat they have controlled for over two decades, in a district that President Trump carried by 27 points and that just happens to be home to that most nefarious of liberal boogeyman: Koch Industries.” http://nyti.ms/2p0wTBf SIREN -- “Republicans avoid town halls after health care votes,” by USA Today’s Heidi Przbyla: “Reps. Leonard Lance of New Jersey and Ryan Costello of Pennsylvania appear to be the only swing-district Republicans who voted for their party’s bill to replace Obamacare who will directly face constituents over the April recess, according to a USA Today analysis of scheduled town halls compiled by Townhallproject.com. … The lack of town hall meetings in key swing districts during a spring break that lasts until April 23 underscores the party’s precarious political position on health care and peaking civic activism by progressives. … “The migration away from public forums has been going on for months, despite complaints from constituents and local media. There have been roughly 30 recent newspaper editorials slamming lawmakers for avoiding town halls and calling on members to face their voters, not only in bluer portions of the country like New York but also in critical battlegrounds like Pennsylvania’s 6th and 7th districts, represented by Reps. Pat Meehan and Costello.” http://usat.ly/2pobM8n -- It’s never a good sign when lawmakers don’t want to interact with their constituents when they are back home. Republicans need a clear message on what they are doing on health care. The last-minute legislative gambit to pass a bill focused on high risk insurance pools in the House Rules Committee doesn’t appear to have done the job. ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “It is now more important than ever for the business community and government to come together and collaborate to find meaningful solutions and develop thoughtful policies that create economic growth and opportunity for all.” Learn more in JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon’s Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2oaMj4Q ****** MICHAEL CROWLEY and JOSH DAWSEY on Syria: “Trump vexed by Assad’s motivation for chemical weapons attack”: “In White House meetings, evening calls with friends and even throughout the weekend at Mar-a-Lago, President Donald Trump asked a repeated question: Why did Syria’s president use nerve gas? Trump puzzled over the mystery -- even as he ordered 59 Tomahawk missiles careening into a Syrian airfield last Thursday night. … That Trump and his team couldn't initially decide what may have motivated the strike complicated the decision-making on how to move forward, one administration official said, but ‘not to the point of stopping us from doing anything.’ Still, the uncertainty and its effect on Trump provides a window into how the inexperienced commander in chief copes with major decisions. Aides and friends say the lack of clarity seemed to worry Trump, who is impatient and has sometimes expressed distrust of the intelligence community, while he faced his first military test. ‘No one really knew exactly why,’ a senior administration official said Saturday. ‘And Trump wanted to know why.’” http://politi.co/2poh2ce -- DAVID ECKELS WADE in The Atlantic: “Lessons From the ‘Red Line’ Crisis: I was chief of staff at the State Department the last time a president considered punishing Assad for using chemical weapons. The complexities we faced then are worth considering as Trump contemplates what’s next in Syria.” http://theatln.tc/2omkdDJ FILLING THE ADMINISTRATION -- “Why the Trump administration has so many vacancies,” by Nancy Cook, Josh Dawsey and Andrew Restuccia: “The process is bogged down as a result of micromanaging by the president and senior staff, turf wars between the West Wing and Cabinet secretaries and a largely inexperienced and overworked staff, say more than a dozen sources including administration insiders, lobbyists, lawyers and Republican strategists. Trump personally oversees the hiring process for agency staff by insisting on combing through a binder full of names each week and likes to sign off on each one … Also weighing in on the names -- and not always agreeing on final picks -- are leaders of sometimes warring factions, including chief of staff Reince Priebus, senior strategist Steve Bannon, Cabinet secretaries and, sometimes, the White House’s top lawyer, Don McGahn. “The only uniformity is that potential hires must show fealty to the president. ... The head of the Office of Presidential Personnel, Johnny DeStefano, did not start until Inauguration Day, and some of the office’s problems are attributed to his leadership, say Trump allies, Republican strategists and lawyers familiar with the hiring process. The administration picked DeStefano, who had run the data operation of the Republican National Committee and worked for former House Speaker John Boehner but had no recruiting experience. DeStefano, in turn, stacked the office with campaign veterans who demonstrated loyalty to the president but had little government experience.” http://politi.co/2o2HUhD -- “More delays in ambassador nominations, trainings,” by CNN’s Theodore Schleifer: “The State Department has delayed its planned training sessions for new ambassadors as an appointment bottleneck frustrates donors and allies of President Donald Trump who expect plum postings overseas. The sessions, meant to train new prospective diplomats who are successfully vetted by the White House, were originally slated to begin this month, but have since been rescheduled to May, according to a person briefed on the process. Friends of Trump have been lobbying him at places like Mar-a-Lago in Florida and at private fundraisers for positions in Western Europe or the Caribbean. But the training delay reflects the slow pace with which Trump is filling the ambassadorial positions, which typically are rewards to key supporters.” http://cnn.it/2ouNlZL DEAR FREEDOM CAUCUS, FROM A CONGRESSMAN’S DAD -- REP. TREY HOLLINGSWORTH (R-Ind.) was elected to Congress in November after his father gave $1.4 million to a super PAC boosting his campaign. Now, Joe Hollingsworth Jr. -- the 33-year-old congressman’s father -- has penned a letter to members of the House Freedom Caucus admonishing them for their legislative tactics. “First, let me disclose that I am not a resident or voter in your district. However, I am a conservative donor that has funded over a million in political campaigns for conservative causes. I was contacted today by a group that wanted to raise money to fund opponents against the House Freedom Caucus members. ... I have chosen not to participate in that cause but instead write you directly … [W]hat was done by the House Freedom Caucus was almost suicidal to the Republican Party, to your group and possibly individually.” -- Robert Burgess, the congressman’s spokesman, said, “Joe Hollingsworth exercised his right as a citizen to express his opinion to elected representatives, but he does not speak for Rep. Trey Hollingsworth who remains committed to working with fellow Republicans towards the full repeal of Obamacare.” NOT SO FAST -- “Trump Jr nixes 2018 NY bid, but could run for office someday,” by AP’s Jonathan Lemire: “Donald Trump Jr., rumored to be eyeing a move to follow his father’s footsteps into politics, will not be a candidate for governor of New York next year but is not ruling out a possible run for office in the future. The younger Trump, in an interview Monday with The Associated Press, categorically denied any speculation that he might challenge incumbent Gov. Andrew Cuomo. ‘I am not running in 2018,’ Trump said in his first public comments about a possible candidacy next year. But he acknowledged having been bitten by the politics bug and said that he could consider a run down the road. ‘Maybe someday,’ Trump said. ‘It’s not something I’m doing now. But you never know, it’s fascinating stuff.’” http://apne.ws/2nXYLBq THE JUICE … -- THREE DEM VETS LAUNCH CAMPAIGNS: Isaac Dovere scooped that House Democrats were recruiting veterans to run for office. Today three will announce their campaigns: Jason Crow, a decorated Army Ranger, is running against Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colo.); Chrissy Houlahan, an Air Force officer, is running against Rep. Ryan Costello (R-Pa.); and Josh Butner, a Lt. Commander of the U.S. Navy Seals, is announcing against embattled Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.). -- HOT JOB: “Manager - Brand Public Relations, United Airlines”: “The pace is fast, our standards are high and the opportunities are boundless. If joining us in building a forward-thinking, path-blazing, world class communications team sounds intriguing – let’s talk. Being part of big, transformative moments like this are rare – so, if you have the courage, the creativity, the conviction, the agility, the leadership and most importantly the passion to help United reclaim its reputation as one of the world’s great and resilient companies we hope you’ll consider embarking on this journey with us.” http://politi.co/2om3Y7L (h/t Tom Manatos) -- HARRY REID is joining UNLV’s law school as its first distinguished fellow in law and policy. http://bit.ly/2oTt0P2 --ROBBY MOOK is back to sending campaign emails! He emailed yesterday on behalf of Archie Parnell, formerly a senior adviser at Goldman Sachs, running for the 5th district in South Carolina, which was Mick Mulvaney’s district: “My start in politics was as grassroots as you can get: campaigning for Democrats at the town dump. … Archie Parnell is running for the seat that John Spratt held when I first started working on Congressional campaigns, a seat that Democrats had held for over a century.” TRUMP’S TUESDAY -- THE PRESIDENT is attending the meeting of CEOs, then will meet with Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn. In the evening, he’s dining with military leaders. Playbook Reads PULITZER WINNERS -- THE LOCAL ANGLE -- David Fahrenthold of the Washington Post for his “persistent reporting that created a model for transparent journalism in political campaign coverage while casting doubt on Donald Trump’s assertions of generosity toward charities.” http://bit.ly/2p0LwV5 … A list of all the winners http://bit.ly/2posG6W PIC DU JOUR -- @agearan: “The wall outside the State Dept briefing room where portraits of former spokespeople used to hang.” http://bit.ly/2nzT3uo HOW ABOUT THAT -- “Remember Mitt Romney’s ‘binders full of women?’ They’re real. And we got them,” by the Boston Globe’s Jim O’Sullivan. http://bit.ly/2ouVVHV THE LATEST ON THE BAN -- “Full bench of 4th Circuit to hear Trump travel ban case in May,” by Josh Gerstein: “The full bench of a federal appeals court in Virginia will consider the legality of President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban executive order at an argument session next month, the court announced Monday. The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals said it will conduct an en banc hearing May 8 in Richmond on the federal government’s appeal of a Maryland-based judge’s ruling blocking Trump’s ban on issuance of visas to citizens of six majority-Muslim countries. Normally, appeals go to a three-judge panel for review. However, the en banc session will involve 15 judges hearing the case. The 4th Circuit’s active bench has nine Democratic appointees, five Republican appointees and one judge who was nominated to the court by both a Democratic president and a Republican one.” http://politi.co/2olRnlc TRUMP INC. -- “Leaked Email: President Trump’s Modeling Agency Is Shutting Down,” by Mother Jones’ James West: “One of President Donald Trump’s favorite businesses ... his embattled New York modeling firm, Trump Model Management, has officially told its business associates around the world to prepare for its closure, according to an email obtained by Mother Jones. Over the weekend, Corinne Nicolas, president of Trump Models, informed industry colleagues of the pending closure of the 18-year-old agency, in which Trump owns an 85 percent stake (according to his most recent financial disclosure). ‘The Trump Organization is choosing to exit the modeling industry,’ Nicolas wrote in the email. ‘On the heels of the recent sale of the Miss Universe Organization, the company is choosing to focus on their core businesses in the real estate, golf and hospitality space.’” http://bit.ly/2p29L2x THE LUV GOV -- “Robert Bentley’s years of scandal end in 6 historic days for Alabama,” by the Birmingham News’ Mike Cason: http://bit.ly/2p0y6bB ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “A lack of economic growth and opportunity has led to deep and understandable frustration among so many Americans,” writes JPMorgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon. Learn more about why we need “coherent, consistent, comprehensive and coordinated policies that help fix these problems” in his Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2oKtc2G ****** SNEAK PEAK -- RICK PERLSTEIN in the NYT Magazine, “I Thought I Understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong”: “The professional guardians of America’s past, in short, had made a mistake. We advanced a narrative of the American right that was far too constricted to anticipate the rise of a man like Trump. Historians, of course, are not called upon to be seers. Our professional canons warn us against presentism — we are supposed to weigh the evidence of the past on its own terms — but at the same time, the questions we ask are conditioned by the present. That is, ultimately, what we are called upon to explain. Which poses a question: If Donald Trump is the latest chapter of conservatism’s story, might historians have been telling that story wrong?” http://nyti.ms/2olZLBf OFF MESSAGE PODCAST: Where to next in Syria? In the latest episode of Off Message, Isaac Dovere sits down with former American diplomat and Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams, who breaks down every angle of the U.S position in Syria following last week’s bombing. “It certainly changes our posture in the sense that we’ve now said, ‘We will attack you if you use chemical weapons.’” http://politi.co/2nA61YO … Listen and subscribe http://apple.co/2nEa7y0 BEYOND THE BELTWAY -- “Nextdoor eyes 2018, aims for neighbor-to-neighbor approach in politics,” by Playbook California co-author Carla Marinucci in San Jose: “The community social media site has become a tool for elected officials, civic activists, and even political candidates aiming to reach voters, and neighbors, in San Jose’s 430 distinct neighborhoods, which make up one of the country’s largest and most diverse cities.” http://politi.co/2nA0kuc MEDIAWATCH -- “Breitbart editors tell staffers to stop writing stories critical of Jared Kushner, sources say,” by Business Insider’s Oliver Darcy: “Employees at Breitbart News have been asked by senior editors to refrain from writing stories critical of Jared Kushner, two people familiar with the matter told Business Insider. ... Kushner had become a target of Breitbart News amid reports that he was feuding with Stephen Bannon, the news website’s former executive chairman who is now the White House chief strategist.” http://read.bi/2ouCeQw -- WAPO STYLE PROFILE -- "Brian Stelter has been training for this moment his entire life," by Ellen McCarthy in New York. http://wapo.st/2poFbPZ Playbookers This evening, @WhiteHouse staff held a Passover Seder, marking first night of Passover. pic.twitter.com/ag9y7jmKfD — Sean Spicer (@PressSec) April 11, 2017 SPOTTED at the White House seder last night: VA Secretary David Shulkin, Jeremy Katz, deputy director of the National Economic Council, and other staff who couldn’t get home to spend the holiday with their families SPOTTED: Kellyanne Conway having a long and late lunch outdoors at BLT Steak Monday. A photographer on the sidewalk snapped photos of her while she was dining and was asked to leave. ENGAGED – Adrienne Watson, deputy comms director for the DNC and a Hillary campaign alum, just got engaged to Will Jennings. They met in D.C., worked together on the campaign, and he proposed in Charleston. Instapic with the caption “This ring goes with everything! #strongertogether” http://bit.ly/2nzSEba TRANSITIONS -- Alexis Weiss has moved to New York to lead media relations for Edelman’s public affairs practice as a vice president. She previously was a vice president on the media services and strategies team in Edelman’s D.C. office. … Alyssa Canobbio Hackbarth is joining the American Legislative Exchange Council as their manager of public affairs and digital strategy. Her last day as war room director at the Washington Free Beacon is Thursday ... Chris Pack is headed to American Crossroads as communications director. He is currently deputy communications director at the NRCC. ... ... Walter Garcia just started working as the press secretary for California Attorney General Xavier Becerra. He was the national press secretary for the Keith Ellison for DNC Chair campaign, and the western regional communications director at the DNC ... Danielle Doheny started at the International Myeloma Foundation last month as their new director of public policy and advocacy. She was previously senior LA for Rep. Richard Nugent (R-Fla.) … Rykia Dorsey, a press assistant at Third Way, has been named press secretary for Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Calif.). (h/t Matt Bennett) WELCOME TO THE WORLD -- Tori Weems, manager of standards and technology at the RIAA, and Michael Weems, vice president for government engagement at the American Lighting Association, have welcomed Eisele Weems, 6 1bs., 3 oz, born two weeks ago. Pic http://politi.co/2o2M358 BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: Raelyn Johnson, senior producer at MSNBC and an Al Jazeera, CNN and ABC alum -- she is celebrating with “dinner with my best friend Miguel at dell’anima. It’s our tradition. We sit at the chef’s table which is adorned with Wu-Tang memorabilia and I instantly remember how old I was when their first album came out. I don’t know if that’s a good thing or a bad thing.” Read her Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2p0zqvf BIRTHDAYS: Ethel Kennedy is 89 ... HFA alum Alex Phillips, now director of surrogates and media affairs for Leader Schumer ... Ed Skyler, former NYC Deputy Mayor for Operations now Citi’s EVP for global public affairs ... Erika Masonhall, comms manager for news partnerships at Facebook and an NBC News alum ... Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Tex.), chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, is 62 … J.D. Harrison, senior editor of strategic comms for the U.S. Chamber ... former Rep. Mark Kennedy (R–Minn.), president of the University of North Dakota, is 6-0 … David Wofford, VP at Meridian Group International ... Sydney Rubin, deputy director at WomenStrong International ... Michele Ballantyne, SVP for federal gov’t relations at Recording Industry Association of America ... Marcia Hale, president of Building America’s Future Education Fund and a Clinton WH alum ... Missi Tessier, managing principal at the Podesta Group (h/ts Jon Haber) ... Laura Braden Quigley, VP of comms at the California Medical Association ... Abigail Sigler ... Christian Science Monitor justice reporter Henry Gass ... Politico’s Hillary Alvaré and Boris Alban Saka ... Manuel Ortiz, founder of VantageKnight ... Donna Borak, senior economics writer at CNN ... Kate Warren, senior director and editor for careers and recruiting at Devex ... … Chris Gates, Broncos fan, senior advisor at the Council on Foundations and former president of the Sunlight Foundation ... Benjamin Bryant, deputy press secretary for Sen. Jack Reed ... Sebastian Silva, Sen. Kaine’s press assistant (h/t Sarah Peck) ... Joshua Lapidus, a Democratic consultant who has worked in Maryland/Montana, is 27 (h/t Kyle Cheney) ... Edelman’s Jon Berrier is 35, celebrating with dinner at Le Diplomate (h/t Blain Rethmeier) … Paul Arden, senior associate at SKDKnickerbocker and a Dianne Feinstein alum, is 3-0 ... Kevin O’Neill, senior director of marketing at the Washington Speakers Bureau ... Christopher Malagisi, editor in chief of the Conservative Book Club ... Don Graves ... Marc Ross, co-founder of Caracal Strategies ... Kargo’s Alex Douglas ... Nina Verghese ... Linda Lipsen, CEO at AAJ, the American Association for Justice (h/t Randy White) ... Julie Tarallo, Sen. McCain’s comms director ... 3 Bush 43 alums: Sarah Beth Lowe ... Nancy Yacoub ... Jacob Peterson, director of Latino affairs for Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner, is 32 ... Kim Aagaard, Podesta Group alum now a grad student at Sciences Po ... Julie Westfall, deputy politics editor at L.A. Times ... Jim Parenti ... Jamie Sterling ... Adam Kramer ... Jake Peterson is 32 ... Elliott Suthers ... Bob Fois is 55 ... William Hamby ... Gil Gross ... DOT alum Beth Osborne … Bret Funk ... Sharon Haselhoff ... Sara Norris ... Teresa Thomas-Boyd ... Danny Vega (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) … Pulitzer Prize-winning columnist Ellen Goodman is 76 ... Joss Stone is 3-0 (h/ts AP) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Optimistic about the future of America’s economy, Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon believes we need effective public policy and for business to play a role in developing solutions that spur economic growth and benefit every American. Learn more in his Annual Letter to Shareholders: http://politi.co/2nTquUG ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Tuesday, 4/11/17 Monday, 4/10/17 Sunday, 4/9/17 Saturday, 4/8/17 Friday, 4/7/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine The Happy-Go-Lucky Jewish Group That Connects Trump and Putin By Ben Schreckinger The Handbook That Can Help Americans Rig the Government By Eric Liu So You Want to Partition Libya … By Geoff D. Porter Is Obamacare in a ‘Death Spiral’? By Harold Pollack More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Altice USA Files Registration Statement for Proposed Initial Public Offering NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Altice USA, Inc., one of the largest broadband communications and video services providers in the United States and the U.S. business of Altice N.V. (Euronext: ATC, ATCB), announces today that it has filed a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) for a proposed initial public offering of shares of Class A Common Stock. The number of shares to be offered and the price range for the offering have not yet been determined. J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup and Goldman, Sachs & Co. are serving as joint book-running managers for the proposed offering. The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus. When available, copies of the preliminary prospectus relating to these securities may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, via telephone at 1-800-831-9146; or Goldman, Sachs & Co., Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, facsimile at (212) 902-9316, or email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the SEC but has not yet become effective. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Altice USA Altice USA, the U.S. business of Altice N.V. (Euronext: ATC, ATCB), is one of the largest broadband communications and video services providers in the United States, delivering broadband, pay television, telephony services, Wi-Fi hotspot access, proprietary content and advertising services to approximately 4.9 million residential and business customers across 21 states through its Optimum, Lightpath and Suddenlink brands. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vein Illumination Devices Market Professional Survey, Analysis of the Segmentation Which Comprises Product Type, Business Strategies, Development Factors and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Super Hard Material Sales Market: Know The Current and Future Prospects of the Market Through 2017 To 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Herbal Tea Market Set for Rapid Growth And Trend, by 2026 Good Growth Opportunities in Global Bio-Wax Market Till 2025 Emerging Opportunities in Agricultural Adjuvant Market with Current Trends Analysis Cellular Rubber Market Value Share, Analysis and Segments 2015-2025 Pablo Soria de Lachica – Habla sobre las consecuencias de la prohibición de viaje de Trump Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BHP Billiton plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News E. W. Scripps Co (SSP) Given Buy Rating at Benchmark Co. Under Armour Inc (UAA) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Morgan Stanley Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Insight Enterprises, Inc. (NSIT) to Sell CIBC Upgrades TELUS Co. (TU) to Sector Outperform 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Earns “Sell” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Capital Bank Financial Corp (CBF) Earns “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Earns “Market Perform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Banner Co. (BANR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Barloworld Limited (BRRAY) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Has $1.233 Million Stake in New Jersey Resources Corp (NJR) Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc. (SKT) Stake Reduced by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Has $1.242 Million Position in Cna Financial Corp (CNA) Guggenheim Capital LLC Boosts Stake in Acadia Healthcare Company Inc (ACHC) Chemed Co. (CHE) Stake Decreased by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Invests $1.487 Million in Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $503,000 Position in Aceto Co. (ACET) Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (RRGB) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Morgan Stanley April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at Morgan Stanley in a research report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 1,050 ($13.04) target price on the mining company’s stock. Morgan Stanley’s price target points to a potential downside of 20.21% from the company’s previous close. BLT has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 1,670 ($20.74) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Monday, February 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 1,400 ($17.38) price target on BHP Billiton plc and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 1,265 ($15.71) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price target on BHP Billiton plc from GBX 1,390 ($17.26) to GBX 1,410 ($17.51) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 1,301.52 ($16.16). Shares of BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) opened at 1328.00 on Tuesday. BHP Billiton plc has a one year low of GBX 781.14 and a one year high of GBX 1,518.50. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,297.69 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 1,304.49. The firm’s market cap is GBX 70.68 billion. The business also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, March 28th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 9th were issued a GBX 0.40 ($0.00) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a dividend yield of 2.28%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/bhp-billiton-plc-blt-earns-overweight-rating-from-morgan-stanley.html. BHP Billiton plc Company Profile BHP Billiton Plc is a global resources company. The Company is a producer of various commodities, including iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper and uranium. Its segments include Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore and Coal. The Petroleum segment is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and gas. Receive News & Ratings for BHP Billiton plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 3:06 A.M. ET Puma ups profit outlook after strong first quarter 3:05 A.M. ET National Grid lifts full-year earnings target 3:04 A.M. ET Elliott puts pressure on BHP to exploit tax quirk 3:03 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 3:03 A.M. ET Daimler profit up 87%, on Mercedes-Benz cars boost 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.3% higher at 12,176 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's Fraport takes over 14 Greek airports 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,114.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,372.36 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 381.88 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Altice USA Files Registration Statement for Proposed Initial Public Offering By Published: Apr 11, 2017 6:15 a.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Apr 11, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Altice USA, Inc., one of the largest broadband communications and video services providers in the United States and the U.S. business of Altice N.V. , announces today that it has filed a registration statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) for a proposed initial public offering of shares of Class A Common Stock. The number of shares to be offered and the price range for the offering have not yet been determined. J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Citigroup and Goldman, Sachs & Co. are serving as joint book-running managers for the proposed offering. The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus. When available, copies of the preliminary prospectus relating to these securities may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, via telephone at 1-800-831-9146; or Goldman, Sachs & Co., Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, facsimile at (212) 902-9316, or email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with the SEC but has not yet become effective. These securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Altice USA Altice USA, the U.S. business of Altice N.V. , is one of the largest broadband communications and video services providers in the United States, delivering broadband, pay television, telephony services, Wi-Fi hotspot access, proprietary content and advertising services to approximately 4.9 million residential and business customers across 21 states through its Optimum, Lightpath and Suddenlink brands. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170411005605/en/ SOURCE: Altice USA, Inc. Altice USA Lisa Anselmo, 516-803-2362 Head of Communications lisa.anselmo@alticeusa.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aetna Inc (AET) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) Receives Buy Rating from BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Lowers Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) to Sell Alamos Gold Inc (US) (AGI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Earns Buy Rating from Needham & Company LLC AerCap Holdings (AER) Cut to Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Aon plc Class A (AON) PT Raised to $136.00 Haemonetics Co. (HAE) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Sells 259 Shares of Alleghany Co. (Y) Fmr LLC Sells 1,078,965 Shares of Amkor Technology, Inc. (AMKR) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Acquires 27,590 Shares of Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (DLB) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 80,911 Shares of XO Group Inc (XOXO) HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Earns Buy Rating from Citigroup Inc FirstGroup plc (FGP) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Canaccord Genuity Lowers Gulf Keystone Petroleum Limited (GKP) Price Target to GBX 260 Comerica Bank Acquires 1,903 Shares of Alamos Gold Inc (US) (AGI) Stein Mart, Inc. (SMRT) Shares Bought by Comerica Bank State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Holds Stake in FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Zacks Investment Research Lowers Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) to Sell April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (NYSE:AQN) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. is a renewable energy and regulated utility company engaged in the ownership of power generation facilities, and water and energy utilities primarily in North America. The Corporation invests in hydroelectric, wind and solar power facilities, and sustainable utility distribution businesses (water, electricity and natural gas) through its subsidiaries. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. is headquartered in Oakville, Canada. “ AQN has been the topic of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. in a research note on Monday, February 27th. They issued a neutral rating on the stock. National Bank Financial restated an outperform market weight rating on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. in a research note on Sunday, January 22nd. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (NYSE:AQN) opened at 9.69 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $2.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 43.26 and a beta of 0.82. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. has a one year low of $7.75 and a one year high of $10.18. The company has a 50-day moving average of $9.37 and a 200-day moving average of $8.78. WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Lowers Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) to Sell” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/zacks-investment-research-lowers-algonquin-power-utilities-corp-aqn-to-sell.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 14th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a dividend of $0.1165 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This is a boost from Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.11. This represents a $0.47 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.81%. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 140.00%. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Charts & Quotes Market Glance Commentary Education Trading Tools Contact Symbol Search Select a Commodity --Currencies-- U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso   --Energies-- Crude Oil Heating Oil Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Ethanol   --Financials-- 30 Year T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 10-Year Swaps 5-Year Swaps 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   --Grains-- Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice KCBT Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   --Indices-- S&P 500 Index E-Mini S&P 500 Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Nasdaq Dow Industrials E-Mini Dow NYSE Composite S&P Midcap 400 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini SmallCap 600 CRB CCI Index   --Meats-- Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Pork Bellies CME Milk   --Metals-- Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium NYSE Gold NYSE Silver   --Softs-- Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Sugar #16 Lumber Symbol Lookup User: Pass:   Remember Me   Market Snapshot Market Data provided by Barchart.com No-risk real-time trial Articles Market Commentary Futures 101 Commentary Q&A With The Experts Trading Strategies RSS Feed Markets Currencies (US$, BP, Yen) Energies (Crude, Gas, Oil) Financials (Bonds, Notes) Grains (Corn, Wheat, Oats) Indices (Dow, S&P, Minis) Meats (Cattle, Hogs, Pork) Metals (Gold, Silver, Copper) Softs (Cotton, OJ, Coffee) Earnings Season Starts Tuesday, April 11, 2017 by Nick Mastrandrea of Market Tea Leaves Earnings Season Starts… Good Morning Traders, As of this writing4 AM EST, here’s what we see: US Dollar: Jun. USD is Down at 100.920. Energies: May Crude is Down at 53.05. Financials: The June 30 year bond is Up 13ticks and trading at 152.06. Indices: The June S&P 500 emini ES contract is 9 ticks Lower and trading at 2350.25. Gold: The April gold contract is trading Up at 1259.10. Gold is 52 ticks Higher than its close. Initial Conclusion This is not a correlated market. The dollar is Down- and crude is Down- which is not normal but the 30 year bond is trading Higher. The Financials should always correlate with the US dollar such that if the dollar is lower then bonds should follow and vice-versa. The indices are Down- and Crude is trading Down- which is not correlated. Gold is trading Up+ which is correlated with the US dollar trading Down-. I tend to believe that Gold has an inverse relationship with the US Dollar as when the US Dollar is down, Gold tends to rise in value and vice-versa. Think of it as a seesaw, when one is up the other should be down. I point this out to you to make you aware that when we don’t have a correlated market, it means something is wrong. As traders you need to be aware of this and proceed with your eyes wide open. At this hour Asia is trading mixed with half the exchanges trading Higher and the other half Lower. As of this writing all of Europe is trading Lower except the London exchange which is fractionally higher. Possible Challenges To Traders Today –NFIB Small Business Index is out at 6 AM EST. This is major. – JOLTS Job Openings is out at 10 AM EST. This is major. – 10-y Bond Auction starts at 1 PM EST. This is major. – FOMC Member Kashkari Speaks at 1:45 PM EST. This is major. Treasuries We’ve elected to switch gears a bit and show correlation between the 30 year bond (ZB) and The YM futures contract. The YM contract is the DJIA and the purpose is to show reverse correlation between the two instruments. Remember it’s liken to a seesaw, when up goes up the other should go down and vice versa. Yesterday the ZB made it’s move at around 8:30 AM with no news in sight. The ZB hit a low at around that time and the YM hit a high. If you look at the charts below ZB gave a signal at around 8:30 AM and the YM was moving lower at the same time. Look at the charts below and you’ll see a pattern for both assets. ZB hit a low at around 10 AM and the YM hit a high. These charts represent the newest version of Trend Following Trades and I’ve changed the timeframe to a 30 minute chart to display better. This represented a long opportunity on the 30 year bond, as a trader you could have netted about 20 plus ticks per contract on this trade. Each tick is worth $31.25. We added a Donchian Channel to the charts to show the signals more clearly. Charts Courtesy of Trend Following Trades built on a NinjaTrader platform Click on an image to enlarge it. ZB – June, 2017 – 4/10/17 YM- June, 2017 – 4/10/17 Bias Yesterday we gave the markets an upside bias as both the Bonds and Gold were trading lower yesterday morning. The markets did finish higher although fractionally. The Dow closed up 2, the S&P up 2 and the Nasdaq up 3. Today we aren’t dealing with a correlated market and our bias is to the downside. Could this change? Of Course. Remember anything can happen in a volatile market. Commentary So today starts earnings season and for all those stockholders out there it’s time to determine what to buy, what to sell and what to hold. The banking sector will kickoff the season with JP Morgan Chase, Citibank and Wells Fargo reporting. Will this be a stellar reporting season? We can only hope but as of late the Trump Rally has faded somewhat and the Fed is hiking which is not good for consumerism or consumer spending. We seem to have this recurring pattern whereby the markets open higher, then go lower and then go higher again until the afternoon where it closes either fractionally higher or lower. Coincidence or by design? Only time will tell…. Just so you understand, Market Correlation is Market Direction. It attempts to determine the market direction for that day and it does so by using a unique set of tools. In fact TradersLog published an article on this subject that can be viewed at: http://www.traderslog.com/market-correlation-is-market-direction/ As readers are probably aware I don’t trade equities. While we’re on this discussion, let’s define what is meant by a good earnings report. A company must exceed their prior quarter’s earnings per share and must provide excellent forward guidance. Any falloff between earning per share or forward guidance will not bode well for the company’s shares. This is one of the reasons I don’t trade equities but prefer futures. There is no earnings reports with futures and we don’t have to be concerned about lawsuits, scandals, malfeasance, etc. Anytime the market isn’t correlated it’s giving you a clue that something isn’t right and you should proceed with caution. Today our bias is to the downside. Could this change? Of course. In a volatile market anything can happen. We’ll have to monitor and see. As I write this the crude markets are Lower and the futures are trading Lower. This is not normal. Crude and the markets are now reverse correlated such that when the markets are rising, crude drops and vice-versa. Yesterday May Crude dropped to a low of $52.63 a barrel. It would appear at the present time that crude has support at $52.01 a barrel and resistance at $53.61. This could change. We’ll have to monitor and see. Remember that crude is the only commodity that is reflected immediately at the gas pump. Please note that the front month for crude is now May. Last December and after two years OPEC finally decided to cut production but the price crude is still tame (as of this writing). What they haven’t figured out yet is that the more countries like Canada and the US produce their own crude (by whatever means) the more crude prices will fall. The move by OPEC to cut production in an attempt to pump up prices is liken to “too little, too late” as the world doesn’t need their oil as much as they used to. Power equipment that used to need oil (Grass Trimmers, Lawn Mowers, Autos) now run on battery power and Canada and the United States are producing more of their own crude. As an update to this the non-OPEC countries have come to an agreement to unilaterally cut production across the board and this has served to temporarily raise crude prices. We’ll have to see if and how long this lasts… If trading crude today consider doing so after 10 AM EST when the markets gives us better direction. Crude Oil Is Trading Lower Crude oil is trading Lower and the markets are Lower. This is not normal. Crude typically makes 3 major moves (long or short) during the course of any trading day: around 9 AM EST, 11 AM EST and 2 PM EST when the crude market closes. If crude makes major moves around those time frames, then this would suggest normal trending, if not it would suggest that something is not quite right. As always watch and monitor your order flow as anything can happen in this market. This is why monitoring order flow in today’s market is crucial. We as traders are faced with numerous challenges that we didn’t have a few short years ago. High Frequency Trading is one of them. I’m not an advocate of scalping however in a market as volatile as this scalping is an alternative to trend trading. Remember that without knowledge of order flow we as traders are risking our hard earned capital and the Smart Money will have no issue taking it from us. Regardless of whatever platform you use for trading purposes you need to make sure it’s monitoring order flow. Sceeto does an excellent job at this. To fully capitalize on this newsletter it is important that the reader understand how the various market correlate. More on this in subsequent editions. Nick Mastrandrea is the author of Market Tea Leaves. Market Tea Leaves is a daily newsletter that is dedicated to your trading success. We teach and discuss market correlation. Market Tea Leaves is published daily, pre-market in the United States and can be viewed at www.markettealeaves.com. Interested in Market Correlation? Want to learn more? Signup and receive Market Tea Leaves each day prior to market open. As a subscriber, you’ll also receive our daily Market Bias video that is only available to subscribers. Recent articles from this author Earnings Season Starts - Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Job Number Doesn't Excite - Monday, April 10, 2017 Jobs Friday - Friday, April 07, 2017 Neutral Bias = Downside Day - Thursday, April 06, 2017 Eco Optimism Doesn't Stop Markets - Wednesday, April 05, 2017 About the author Nick Mastrandrea is the author of Market Tea Leaves. Market Tea Leaves is a free, daily newsletter that discuses and teaches market correlation. Market Tea Leaves is published daily, pre-market in the United States and can be viewed at www.markettealeaves.com Feel free to visit and subscribe. Nick has traded various financial instruments in his career but is currently  focused on the Futures markets. At one time Nick held a NASD Series 7 license and currently holds a Life, Health and Variable Authority.  He resides in the Princeton area of New Jersey and can be reached at nmastran@verizon.net or Skype: nmastran Home  •  Charts & Quotes  •  Commentary  •  Authors  •  Education  •  Broker Search  •  Trading Tools  •  Help  •  Contact  •  Advertise With Us  •  Commodities Markets: Currencies  •   Energies  •   Financials  •   Grains  •   Indices  •   Meats  •   Metals  •   Softs The information contained on InsideFutures.com is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed. Market data is furnished on an exchange delayed basis by Barchart.com. Data transmission or omissions shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or cause for action. No information on the site, nor any opinion expressed, constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any futures or options contracts. InsideFutures.com is not a broker, nor does it have an affiliation with any broker. Copyright ©2005-2017 InsideFutures.com, a Barchart.com product. All rights reserved. About Us  •   Sitemap  •   Legal  •   Privacy Statement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunzl plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunzl plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Prudential plc (PRU) PT Raised to GBX 1,980 at HSBC Holdings plc Weir Group PLC (WEIR) Receives “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC Bunzl plc (BNZL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital YPF SA (YPF) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC Raises Genel Energy PLC (GENL) Price Target to GBX 95 Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) PT Raised to GBX 2,440 Firestone Diamonds PLC (FDI) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Numis Securities Ltd Raises Electrocomponents plc (ECM) Price Target to GBX 525 FinnCap Reiterates Corporate Rating for Datatec Ltd. (DTC) Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Anglo American plc (AAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Investec Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for BTG plc (BTG) Aurora Russia Limited (AURR) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital TELUS Co. (T) Rating Increased to Outperform at CIBC Assa Abloy (ASAZY) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Receives Outperform Rating from Macquarie Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Castings PLC (CGS) PT Raised to GBX 460 Royal Bank of Canada Cuts Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Price Target to C$36.00 Bunzl plc (BNZL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Bunzl plc (LON:BNZL)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by equities research analysts at Shore Capital in a research note issued on Tuesday. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Deutsche Bank AG lowered their target price on Bunzl plc from GBX 2,520 ($31.29) to GBX 2,450 ($30.42) and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Monday, December 12th. HSBC Holdings plc upped their target price on Bunzl plc from GBX 2,400 ($29.80) to GBX 2,508 ($31.14) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Canaccord Genuity upgraded Bunzl plc to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the stock from GBX 2,250 ($27.94) to GBX 2,450 ($30.42) in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Beaufort Securities restated a “hold” rating on shares of Bunzl plc in a report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 2,505 ($31.11) target price on shares of Bunzl plc in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Bunzl plc has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 2,318.17 ($28.79). Shares of Bunzl plc (LON:BNZL) opened at 2356.00 on Tuesday. The company’s market cap is GBX 7.76 billion. Bunzl plc has a one year low of GBX 1,949.50 and a one year high of GBX 2,587.89. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 2,296.86 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 2,179.82. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be issued a dividend of GBX 29 ($0.36) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 25th. This is a positive change from Bunzl plc’s previous dividend of $13.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/bunzl-plc-bnzl-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-shore-capital.html. In other news, insider Frank van Zanten sold 4,935 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 2,309 ($28.67), for a total transaction of £113,949.15 ($141,499.01). Also, insider Patrick Larmon acquired 160 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 2,250 ($27.94) per share, with a total value of £3,600 ($4,470.38). Bunzl plc Company Profile Bunzl plc is engaged in the distribution and outsourcing service. The Company supplies a range of sourced non-food products to a range of market sectors in approximately 30 countries. The Company’s segments include North America, Continental Europe, the United Kingdom & Ireland, and Rest of the World. Receive News & Ratings for Bunzl plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunzl plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Prudential plc (PRU) PT Raised to GBX 1,980 at HSBC Holdings plc Weir Group PLC (WEIR) Receives “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC Bunzl plc (BNZL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital YPF SA (YPF) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC Raises Genel Energy PLC (GENL) Price Target to GBX 95 Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) PT Raised to GBX 2,440 Firestone Diamonds PLC (FDI) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Numis Securities Ltd Raises Electrocomponents plc (ECM) Price Target to GBX 525 FinnCap Reiterates Corporate Rating for Datatec Ltd. (DTC) Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Anglo American plc (AAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Investec Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for BTG plc (BTG) Aurora Russia Limited (AURR) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital TELUS Co. (T) Rating Increased to Outperform at CIBC Assa Abloy (ASAZY) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Receives Outperform Rating from Macquarie Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Castings PLC (CGS) PT Raised to GBX 460 Royal Bank of Canada Cuts Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Price Target to C$36.00 Prudential plc (PRU) PT Raised to GBX 1,980 at HSBC Holdings plc April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Prudential plc (LON:PRU) had its target price upped by equities research analysts at HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 1,890 ($23.47) to GBX 1,980 ($24.59) in a research report issued on Tuesday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. HSBC Holdings plc’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 17.89% from the stock’s current price. PRU has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their target price on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,500 ($18.63) to GBX 1,600 ($19.87) and gave the company a “sector performer” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 1,845 ($22.91) target price (up previously from GBX 1,748 ($21.71)) on shares of Prudential plc in a research note on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Prudential plc to a “neutral” rating and lifted their target price for the company from GBX 1,450 ($18.01) to GBX 1,705 ($21.17) in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Panmure Gordon lifted their target price on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,850 ($22.97) to GBX 2,061 ($25.59) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 1,775 ($22.04) target price on shares of Prudential plc and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 1,772.37 ($22.01). Shares of Prudential plc (LON:PRU) opened at 1682.24 on Tuesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 43.24 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,675.89 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,555.90. Prudential plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,096.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,801.50. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 30th will be issued a GBX 30.57 ($0.38) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 30th. This is an increase from Prudential plc’s previous dividend of $12.93. This represents a dividend yield of 1.78%. WARNING: “Prudential plc (PRU) PT Raised to GBX 1,980 at HSBC Holdings plc” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/prudential-plc-pru-pt-raised-to-gbx-1980-at-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. In other news, insider Tony Paul Wilkey sold 147,537 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($20.65), for a total value of £2,453,540.31 ($3,046,740.73). Also, insider John W. Foley sold 22,807 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($20.65), for a total transaction of £379,280.41 ($470,980.27). About Prudential plc Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BHP Billiton plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Receives Outperform Rating from Macquarie Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Castings PLC (CGS) PT Raised to GBX 460 Royal Bank of Canada Cuts Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Price Target to C$36.00 Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Scotiabank Intact Financial Co. (IFC) Research Coverage Started at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Hudson's Bay Co (HBC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank National Bank Financial Cuts Hudson's Bay Co (HBC) Price Target to C$12.00 People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Vale SA (VALE) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Standard Life (SLFPF) Rating Increased to Sector Perform at Royal Bank of Canada Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (SMI) Downgraded by Deutsche Bank AG ASSIC GENERALI SPA EUR1 (ARZGF) Earns Underperform Rating from Analysts at Macquarie TheStreet Downgrades Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) to C DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Embraer SA (ERJ) Downgraded by TheStreet Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ball Co. (BLL) to Sell Brokers Offer Predictions for Spartan Motors Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SPAR) Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Receives Outperform Rating from Macquarie April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reissued by research analysts at Macquarie in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. They presently have a GBX 1,590 ($19.74) target price on the mining company’s stock. Macquarie’s price target points to a potential upside of 20.82% from the stock’s previous close. Several other equities research analysts have also commented on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 1,400 ($17.38) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 1,265 ($15.71) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Liberum Capital restated a “sell” rating on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Monday, March 13th. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc from GBX 1,390 ($17.26) to GBX 1,410 ($17.51) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc from GBX 1,750 ($21.73) to GBX 1,800 ($22.35) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 1,323.43 ($16.43). BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) opened at 1316.00 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,297.69 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 1,304.49. BHP Billiton plc has a 52 week low of GBX 781.14 and a 52 week high of GBX 1,518.50. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 70.04 billion. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, March 28th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 9th were issued a GBX 0.40 ($0.00) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.28%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 9th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/bhp-billiton-plc-blt-receives-outperform-rating-from-macquarie.html. BHP Billiton plc Company Profile BHP Billiton Plc is a global resources company. The Company is a producer of various commodities, including iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper and uranium. Its segments include Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore and Coal. The Petroleum segment is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and gas. Receive News & Ratings for BHP Billiton plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pagegroup PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Receives Outperform Rating from Macquarie Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Castings PLC (CGS) PT Raised to GBX 460 Royal Bank of Canada Cuts Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Price Target to C$36.00 Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Scotiabank Intact Financial Co. (IFC) Research Coverage Started at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Hudson's Bay Co (HBC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank National Bank Financial Cuts Hudson's Bay Co (HBC) Price Target to C$12.00 People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Vale SA (VALE) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Standard Life (SLFPF) Rating Increased to Sector Perform at Royal Bank of Canada Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (SMI) Downgraded by Deutsche Bank AG ASSIC GENERALI SPA EUR1 (ARZGF) Earns Underperform Rating from Analysts at Macquarie TheStreet Downgrades Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) to C DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Embraer SA (ERJ) Downgraded by TheStreet Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ball Co. (BLL) to Sell Brokers Offer Predictions for Spartan Motors Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SPAR) Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Pagegroup PLC (LON:PAGE)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC in a report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 410 ($5.09) price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s target price points to a potential downside of 5.62% from the company’s previous close. PAGE has been the topic of several other reports. Barclays PLC restated an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 410 ($5.09) price objective on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research note on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 320 ($3.97) to GBX 360 ($4.47) and gave the stock an “underweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. HSBC Holdings plc raised their price objective on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 440 ($5.46) to GBX 490 ($6.08) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Numis Securities Ltd restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 400 ($4.97) price objective (up from GBX 350 ($4.35)) on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upgraded Pagegroup PLC to a “hold” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from GBX 300 ($3.73) to GBX 400 ($4.97) in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 397.64 ($4.94). Shares of Pagegroup PLC (LON:PAGE) opened at 434.40 on Tuesday. Pagegroup PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 156.30 and a 12 month high of GBX 444.20. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 427.06 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 396.58. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.35 billion. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 19th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be given a GBX 8.23 ($0.10) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.92%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/pagegroup-plcs-page-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. Pagegroup PLC Company Profile PageGroup plc, formerly Michael Page International plc, is engaged in the recruitment consultancy and other ancillary services. The Company’s segments include EMEA, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific and Americas. The Company is organized into approximately three brands operating at various levels of the market: Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Executive. Receive News & Ratings for Pagegroup PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 April 2017 by Military News Azul Announces Pricing of U.S. $571.2 Million Global Initial Public Offering SÃO PAULO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Azul S.A., or Azul, (SAO:AZUL4) (NYSE:AZUL), announced yesterday that it has priced its initial public offering by it and its selling shareholders of 85,439,837 of Azul’s preferred shares, of which 63,000,000 preferred shares are being offered by Azul and 22,439,837 preferred shares are being offered by the selling shareholders in a global offering, consisting of an international offering and a Brazilian offering. The preferred shares are being offered directly or in the form of American depositary shares, or ADSs, each of which represents three preferred shares. The selling shareholders have also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 10,800,000 additional preferred shares. The initial offering price is R$21.00 per preferred share and US$20.06 per ADS. Shares are expected to begin trading on the São Paulo Stock Exchange (BM&FBOVESPA) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on April 11, 2017, under the symbols „AZUL4” and „AZUL”, respectively. The expected closing date for our initial public offering of ADSs is expected to be April 17, 2017. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Santander Investment Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Raymond James & Associates, Inc., are collectively acting as international underwriters with respect to the offering of the ADSs and, together with Safra Securities LLC and Bradesco Securities Inc., as agents on behalf of the Brazilian underwriters with respect to the offering of preferred shares sold outside of Brazil. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: +1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free); Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, by telephone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com; and Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Attention: Steven M. Hurwitz, 767 Fifth Avenue 50th Floor, New York, NY 10153, by telephone at + 1 (212) 710-6734, or by email at steven.hurwitz@itaubba.com. Banco Itaú BBA S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Brasil, Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., Deutsche Bank S.A. – Banco Alemão, BB – Banco de Investimento S.A., Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A., Banco J.P. Morgan S.A. and Banco J. Safra S.A. are collectively acting as Brazilian underwriters with respect to the sale of preferred shares in the public offering in Brazil. A registration statement on Form F-1, as amended, relating to the offering has been filed with, and declared effective by, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification under the securities laws of that state or jurisdiction. This press release includes estimates and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. These estimates and forward-looking statements are based mainly on our current expectations and estimates of future events and trends that affect or may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, prospects and the trading price of our preferred shares, including in the form of ADSs. Although we believe that these estimates and forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, they are subject to many significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are made in light of information currently available to us. In addition, in this presentation, the words “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should” and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Neither Azul nor the selling shareholders undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any forward-looking statements after we distribute this press release because of new information, future events or other factors. Our independent public auditors have neither examined nor compiled the forward-looking statements and, accordingly, do not provide any assurance with respect to such statements. In light of the risks and uncertainties described above, the future events and circumstances discussed in this prospectus might not occur and are not guarantees of future performance. Because of these uncertainties, you should not make any investment decision based upon these estimates and forward-looking statements. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Pneumatic Surgical Suction Pumps Market 2017:Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis and Forecasts Next PostNext Mobile Analytics Market : Cloud-based development to Rise at 21% CAGR by 2024 Search Recent Posts SmarTech Issues New 3D Printing Report That Projects Bioprinting Revenues to Reach $1.1 billion in Revenues in 2027 miEdge Taps Industry Sales Veteran Chris Arcoleo as Vice President National Accounts Produce Safety a Hot Topic at Global Food Safety Initiative’s 2017 Conference HouseCallsNow Inc. and SecondOpinionExpert Inc. form Strategic Partnership Stetson Law Students Win Awards in Three Categories at International Moot Court Competition in Hong Kong Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 3:06 A.M. ET Puma ups profit outlook after strong first quarter 3:05 A.M. ET National Grid lifts full-year earnings target 3:04 A.M. ET Elliott puts pressure on BHP to exploit tax quirk 3:03 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 3:03 A.M. ET Daimler profit up 87%, on Mercedes-Benz cars boost 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.3% higher at 12,176 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's Fraport takes over 14 Greek airports 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,114.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,372.36 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 381.88 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Azul Announces Pricing of U.S. $571.2 Million Global Initial Public Offering By Published: Apr 11, 2017 2:37 a.m. ET Share S�O PAULO, Apr 11, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Azul S.A., or Azul, (sao:AZUL4) AZUL, +7.18% announced yesterday that it has priced its initial public offering by it and its selling shareholders of 85,439,837 of Azul’s preferred shares, of which 63,000,000 preferred shares are being offered by Azul and 22,439,837 preferred shares are being offered by the selling shareholders in a global offering, consisting of an international offering and a Brazilian offering. The preferred shares are being offered directly or in the form of American depositary shares, or ADSs, each of which represents three preferred shares. The selling shareholders have also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 10,800,000 additional preferred shares. The initial offering price is R$21.00 per preferred share and US$20.06 per ADS. Shares are expected to begin trading on the S�o Paulo Stock Exchange (BM&FBOVESPA) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on April 11, 2017, under the symbols "AZUL4" and "AZUL", respectively. The expected closing date for our initial public offering of ADSs is expected to be April 17, 2017. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Santander Investment Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Raymond James & Associates, Inc., are collectively acting as international underwriters with respect to the offering of the ADSs and, together with Safra Securities LLC and Bradesco Securities Inc., as agents on behalf of the Brazilian underwriters with respect to the offering of preferred shares sold outside of Brazil. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: +1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free); Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, by telephone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com; and Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Attention: Steven M. Hurwitz, 767 Fifth Avenue 50th Floor, New York, NY 10153, by telephone at + 1 (212) 710-6734, or by email at steven.hurwitz@itaubba.com. Banco Itaú BBA S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Brasil, Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliàrios S.A., Deutsche Bank S.A. – Banco Alem�o, BB – Banco de Investimento S.A., Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A., Banco J.P. Morgan S.A. and Banco J. Safra S.A. are collectively acting as Brazilian underwriters with respect to the sale of preferred shares in the public offering in Brazil. A registration statement on Form F-1, as amended, relating to the offering has been filed with, and declared effective by, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification under the securities laws of that state or jurisdiction. This press release includes estimates and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. These estimates and forward-looking statements are based mainly on our current expectations and estimates of future events and trends that affect or may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, prospects and the trading price of our preferred shares, including in the form of ADSs. Although we believe that these estimates and forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, they are subject to many significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are made in light of information currently available to us. In addition, in this presentation, the words “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should” and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Neither Azul nor the selling shareholders undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any forward-looking statements after we distribute this press release because of new information, future events or other factors. Our independent public auditors have neither examined nor compiled the forward-looking statements and, accordingly, do not provide any assurance with respect to such statements. In light of the risks and uncertainties described above, the future events and circumstances discussed in this prospectus might not occur and are not guarantees of future performance. Because of these uncertainties, you should not make any investment decision based upon these estimates and forward-looking statements. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170410006320/en/ SOURCE: Azul S.A. Azul S.A. Investor Relations: Andrea Bottcher, +55 11 4831 2880 Invest@voeazul.com.br or Media Relations, +55 (11) 4831 1245 Mobile: +55 (11) 9 8196-1035 imprensa@voeazul.com.br Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References AZUL +1.44 +7.18% Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Azul S.A. ADR U.S.: NYSE: AZUL $21.50 +1.44 (+7.18%) Volume 10.2M Open $22.00 High $22.10 Low $21.25 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance People's United Financial Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Vale SA (VALE) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Standard Life (SLFPF) Rating Increased to Sector Perform at Royal Bank of Canada Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (SMI) Downgraded by Deutsche Bank AG ASSIC GENERALI SPA EUR1 (ARZGF) Earns Underperform Rating from Analysts at Macquarie TheStreet Downgrades Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) to C DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Embraer SA (ERJ) Downgraded by TheStreet Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ball Co. (BLL) to Sell Brokers Offer Predictions for Spartan Motors Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SPAR) Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Experian plc (EXPN) Stock Rating Lowered by Credit Suisse Group AG HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms Hold Rating for Vesuvius Plc (VSVS) Unilever plc (ULVR) PT Set at GBX 4,100 by S&P Global Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €84.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €200.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Vp plc (VP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Shore Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Unilever plc (ULVR) Scotiabank Lowers Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Price Target to C$20.00 People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research April 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet People's United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Friday. According to Zacks, “People’s United’s shares underperformed the Zacks categorized Finance-Savings and Loan industry over the last six months. The company continues to witness margin pressure and strict regulations. Though escalating expenses despite undertaking initiatives to curb costs remain a concern, the company is steadily growing through acquisitions, which is likely to continue in the near future, given its strong balance sheet position. Recently, the company completed the acquisition of Suffolk Bancorp. Also, the company continues to benefit from sustained growth in loans and deposits along with improving credit quality.” PBCT has been the topic of a number of other reports. Stephens began coverage on People's United Financial in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. They issued an “equal weight” rating on the stock. Sandler O’Neill upgraded People's United Financial from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $17.00 to $19.50 in a research note on Friday, March 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on People's United Financial in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $20.50 price objective on the stock. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on People's United Financial from $17.00 to $18.00 and gave the stock an “underweight” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “hold” rating and set a $19.00 target price on shares of People's United Financial in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have given a hold rating to the company. People's United Financial currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.31. Shares of People's United Financial (NASDAQ:PBCT) opened at 17.80 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $18.61 and its 200-day moving average price is $18.16. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.50 billion, a PE ratio of 19.39 and a beta of 0.83. People's United Financial has a 12 month low of $13.80 and a 12 month high of $20.13. People's United Financial (NASDAQ:PBCT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.24. People's United Financial had a return on equity of 5.86% and a net margin of 19.12%. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.22 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that People's United Financial will post $0.96 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/10/peoples-united-financial-inc-pbct-rating-lowered-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, insider Galan G. Daukas sold 9,143 shares of People's United Financial stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.21, for a total transaction of $175,637.03. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP David K. Norton sold 149,965 shares of People's United Financial stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.24, for a total value of $2,885,326.60. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 276,891 shares in the company, valued at $5,327,382.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 292,768 shares of company stock worth $5,590,175. 2.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. FineMark National Bank & Trust increased its stake in People's United Financial by 226.0% in the third quarter. FineMark National Bank & Trust now owns 7,357 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5,100 shares during the period. Toronto Dominion Bank increased its stake in People's United Financial by 432.0% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 9,081 shares of the company’s stock worth $143,000 after buying an additional 7,374 shares during the period. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado increased its stake in People's United Financial by 0.4% in the third quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 9,965 shares of the company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 41 shares during the period. SRB Corp increased its stake in People's United Financial by 6.0% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 9,993 shares of the company’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 563 shares during the period. Finally, Catalyst Capital Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in People's United Financial during the third quarter worth $161,000. 80.80% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. People's United Financial Company Profile People’s United Financial, Inc is a bank holding company and a financial holding company of People’s United Bank (the Bank). The Bank is engaged in providing commercial banking, retail banking and wealth management services to individual, corporate and municipal customers. The Company operates through two segments: Commercial Banking and Retail Banking. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on People's United Financial (PBCT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for People's United Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ball Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ball Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TheStreet Downgrades Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) to C DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Embraer SA (ERJ) Downgraded by TheStreet Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ball Co. (BLL) to Sell Brokers Offer Predictions for Spartan Motors Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SPAR) Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Experian plc (EXPN) Stock Rating Lowered by Credit Suisse Group AG HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms Hold Rating for Vesuvius Plc (VSVS) Unilever plc (ULVR) PT Set at GBX 4,100 by S&P Global Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €84.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €200.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Vp plc (VP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Shore Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Unilever plc (ULVR) Scotiabank Lowers Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Price Target to C$20.00 BTG plc (BTG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Nissan Motor Co Ltd (NSANY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Ci Capital Increases Cascades Inc (CAS) Price Target to C$19.00 Avocet Mining plc (AVM) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Thursday EVINE Live (EVLV) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ball Co. (BLL) to Sell April 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Ball Co. (NYSE:BLL) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report issued on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Ball Corporation's 2017 results will be hurt by increased expenses. Persistent weakness in demand at the end-market level for carbonated soft drinks, beer, and food remain primary headwinds for Ball Corporation. Weak European economy will also hurt its growth. Ball Corporation underperformed the Zacks categorized sub industry over the past one year. The company has a negative surprise history in the last few quarters. Its estimates have also gone down ahead of its first quarter earnings release.” A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on BLL. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a buy rating and issued a $93.00 price objective on shares of Ball in a research note on Friday, December 9th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a hold rating and issued a $79.00 price objective on shares of Ball in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $91.00 price objective on Ball and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, December 8th. Deutsche Bank AG assumed coverage on Ball in a research note on Monday, December 12th. They issued a buy rating and a $86.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on Ball in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. They issued a neutral rating and a $80.00 price objective for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $84.10. Shares of Ball (NYSE:BLL) opened at 72.22 on Wednesday. The firm has a market cap of $12.64 billion, a PE ratio of 44.31 and a beta of 0.98. The company has a 50-day moving average of $73.67 and a 200-day moving average of $76.04. Ball has a 1-year low of $67.51 and a 1-year high of $82.24. Ball (NYSE:BLL) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.87 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.84 by $0.03. Ball had a return on equity of 18.44% and a net margin of 2.81%. The company earned $2.52 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.55 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.80 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 39.4% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Ball will post $4.21 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/10/zacks-investment-research-lowers-ball-co-bll-to-sell.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st were paid a dividend of $0.13 per share. This represents a $0.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.72%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 27th. Ball’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 30.23%. In other news, Director R David Hoover sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $74.07, for a total transaction of $370,350.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 112,462 shares in the company, valued at $8,330,060.34. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Daniel J. Heinrich purchased 1,750 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were bought at an average price of $72.27 per share, with a total value of $126,472.50. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 3,373 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $243,766.71. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have sold 16,076 shares of company stock valued at $1,186,455 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 3.50% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in Ball by 30.9% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 503,401 shares of the company’s stock valued at $41,254,000 after buying an additional 118,757 shares during the period. Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in Ball by 13.0% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,924,530 shares of the company’s stock valued at $157,716,000 after buying an additional 221,444 shares during the period. Henderson Group PLC boosted its stake in Ball by 21.3% in the third quarter. Henderson Group PLC now owns 17,747 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,454,000 after buying an additional 3,116 shares during the period. Three Peaks Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Ball by 5.1% in the third quarter. Three Peaks Capital Management LLC now owns 149,061 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,216,000 after buying an additional 7,297 shares during the period. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Ball by 7.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,322,801 shares of the company’s stock valued at $108,404,000 after buying an additional 93,504 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.42% of the company’s stock. About Ball Ball Corporation is a supplier of metal packaging to the beverage, food, personal care and household products industries. The Company’s packaging products are produced for a range of end uses and are manufactured in facilities around the world. Its segments include beverage packaging, North and Central America; beverage packaging, South America; beverage packaging, Europe; food and aerosol packaging; aerospace, and other. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ball (BLL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ball Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ball Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Lawsuits Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Events Celebrities Comics Dining Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/SGVTribune Home â News â Lawsuits Mexican boxer Juan Manuel Marquez ‘put life on the line’ for $2.3M allegedly stolen via fraudulent Chase Bank accounts By Stephanie K. Baer, The San Gabriel Valley Tribune Posted: 04/10/17, 2:42 PM PDT | Updated: 4 hrs ago # Comments Former four-time world champion boxer Juan Manuel Marquez alleges in a complaint filed in the Los Angeles Superior Court that JP Morgan Chase & Co. was complicit in the theft of $2.3 million in fraudulently obtained tax refunds stolen from Mr. Marquez through “fake accounts” opened at Chase Bank’s Whittier, Calif. branch in the name of Mr. Marquez, without his knowledge or consent. Marquez is pictured during a press conference flanked by his manager Francisco Arce, left, April 10, 2017. (Photo by Leo Jarzomb, SGV Tribune/ SCNG) WHITTIER >> Professional Mexican boxer Juan Manuel Marquez said Monday he felt taken advantage of by a major U.S. bank and a father and son duo he believes stole $2.3 million in tax refunds from him through fraudulent bank accounts set up at the bank’s local branch. The world champion boxer spoke during a press conference at a restaurant located across the street from the Chase Bank, 13103 E. Philadelphia St. Last month, Marquez sued JP Morgan Chase & Co. and Adel Cotton and and his son Heber Cotton, both of Hacienda Heights, in Los Angeles County Superior Court, alleging the bank conspired with his former tax preparers to launder tax returns withheld from Marquez’s winnings from fights in the U.S. The civil complaint filed March 24 claims the Cottons, who are currently serving sentences in federal prison in a separate tax fraud scheme, forged a power of attorney from Marquez to open the accounts in which they deposited Marquez’s tax refund checks totaling $2,308,439. The Cottons filed returns for Marquez in 2013, claiming refunds of $898,057 for 2008 and $1,410,382 for 2012, according to the complaint. “This is something he might expect in another country but here in the United States it’s very surprising to him and it’s something that gives him lots of personal preoccupation,” said Marquez’s attorney Alan J. Romero, translating what Marquez told reporters in Spanish. “He put his life on the line for this money.” Romero said the bank failed to comply with federal regulations to prevent the use of its operations for money laundering when it approved opening accounts without Marquez present. “It’s not just a case about theft of funds its a case about identity theft,” he said. A spokeswoman for JP Morgan has declined to comment on the lawsuit. Marquez said he was seeking to file returns for several tax years when he met the Cottons in 2012 or 2013. The father and son were recommended to him by three other boxers who had done business with them. Marquez’s new accountant Noriel Zuazo said Marquez received his returns for the 2009 and 2011 tax years but did not see the return checks for 2008 and 2012. He found out that the returns for those years were stolen in 2015 when Zuazo obtained his tax return records from the Internal Revenue Service, showing the checks had been deposited. “Where the money is now we hope to find out,” Romero said. Advertisement Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Author Reach the author at sbaer@scng.com or follow Stephanie K. on Twitter: @skbaer. Full bio and more articles by Stephanie K. Baer Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life No results found Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The San Gabriel Valley Tribune Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The San Gabriel Valley Tribune Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JD.Com Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Downgrades Sprint Corp (S) to Buy JD.Com Inc (JD) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Analysts Expect Fred's, Inc. (FRED) Will Post Earnings of -$0.08 Per Share Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.14 Per Share $2.50 EPS Expected for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) This Quarter Zacks: Onconova Therapeutics Inc (ONTX) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Analysts $0.00 in Sales Expected for Alphabet Inc (GOOG) This Quarter Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.3 Billion -$1.72 EPS Expected for bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) This Quarter Insider Selling: Natera Inc (NTRA) Director Sells 1,809 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Insider Sells 13,761 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) CEO Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Analysts Anticipate Green Dot Co. (GDOT) to Post $0.79 EPS $0.23 Earnings Per Share Expected for Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) This Quarter $0.76 EPS Expected for Grupo Financiero Galicia S.A. (GGAL) This Quarter American Midstream Partners LP (AMID) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $332.08 Million Short Interest in WD-40 Company (WDFC) Increases By 0.3% Qiwi PLC (QIWI) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest JD.Com Inc (JD) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” April 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JD.Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD) was downgraded by Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. They currently have a $36.18 price objective on the stock. Vetr‘s price target would suggest a potential upside of 10.74% from the stock’s previous close. Several other research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Brean Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of JD.Com in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised JD.Com from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $32.00 to $39.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Evercore ISI assumed coverage on JD.Com in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $33.00 price objective on the stock. Morgan Stanley reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $33.00 price objective (up previously from $27.00) on shares of JD.Com in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $40.00 price objective (up previously from $32.50) on shares of JD.Com in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. JD.Com has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $32.06. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) traded up 2.06% on Monday, reaching $32.67. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 8,303,755 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $31.20 and a 200 day moving average of $27.86. JD.Com has a 12 month low of $19.51 and a 12 month high of $32.92. The firm’s market cap is $46.33 billion. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The company reported ($0.18) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.06) by $0.12. The company had revenue of $80.25 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $76.30 billion. JD.Com had a negative net margin of 4.18% and a negative return on equity of 28.18%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 47.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.07) EPS. Analysts anticipate that JD.Com will post $0.24 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “JD.Com Inc (JD) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy”” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/10/jd-com-inc-jd-downgraded-by-vetr-inc-to-buy.html. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Nordea Investment Management AB raised its stake in shares of JD.Com by 26.2% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 4,187,032 shares of the company’s stock valued at $109,240,000 after buying an additional 869,198 shares during the last quarter. Strs Ohio raised its stake in shares of JD.Com by 42.9% in the third quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 80,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,095,000 after buying an additional 24,100 shares during the last quarter. Scopia Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in shares of JD.Com during the third quarter valued at about $226,804,000. AlpInvest Partners B.V. purchased a new stake in shares of JD.Com during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,350,000. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of JD.Com by 43.9% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 12,500,470 shares of the company’s stock valued at $326,137,000 after buying an additional 3,812,585 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 49.74% of the company’s stock. About JD.Com JD.com, Inc is an online direct sales company. The Company engages in the sale of electronics and home appliance products and general merchandise products (including audio, video products and books) sourced from manufacturers, distributors and publishers in China on the Internet through its Website, www.jd.com. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for JD.Com Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Crackdown on Russian Hackers Ensnares Notorious Spammer by Erik Larson @eelarson More stories by Erik Larson and Ilya Khrennikov More stories by Ilya Khrennikov April 10, 2017, 4:09 PM EDT April 10, 2017, 5:38 PM EDT Botnets were allegedly used to hack email, bank accounts Human-rights lawyer claims U.S. didn’t use normal procedures U.S. efforts to disrupt Russian hacking rings took another step as a 10-year pursuit of a Russian man whom U.S. prosecutors called one of the world’s most notorious email spammers ended with his arrest in Spain last week. Peter Levashov, of St. Petersburg, Russia, hacked into email and bank accounts of thousands of Americans, federal prosecutors said Monday in a statement. They said he also operated under the name Peter Severa, who is among the top 10 of the world’s worst spammers, according to a list maintained by the antispam organization Spamhaus. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The arrest is part of a crackdown on Russian hackers accused of targeting everything from financial institutions to the U.S. presidential election. U.S. intelligence agencies believe that Russia orchestrated computer attacks to meddle with the election last fall, including a break-in to systems operated by the Democratic National Committee. That investigation is underway, and no charges have been filed. Beyond the election hacking, the U.S. government has accused Russia of directing some of the world’s most notorious cyber criminals to break into computer systems in a broad scheme that married illicit profits and intelligence gathering. ‘Embedded’ Agents Last month, four Russians, including two Russian intelligence agents, were indicted in the U.S. over a computer breach affecting a half-billion Yahoo Inc. email accounts. One of them, prosecutors said, was “embedded” at a Russian financial firm identified as Renaissance Capital, controlled by the billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov, who also owns the Brooklyn Nets. In December, after months of negotiation, Joshua Aaron, an American living in Russia, returned to the U.S. to face charges related to the largest known cyber attack on Wall Street. The U.S. said that Aaron and two Israelis stole data on 100 million customers of companies including JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Fidelity Investments. U.S. prosecutors said Levashov distributed malicious computer software, or malware, generating huge volumes of spam emails to advertise fake drugs, pump-and-dump penny stock schemes, work-at-home scams and other frauds. He linked as many as 100,000 computers around the world into a botnet using malware known as Kelihos, they said. "The ability of botnets like Kelihos to be weaponized quickly for vast and varied types of harms is a dangerous and deep threat to all Americans, driving at the core of how we communicate, network, earn a living and live our everyday lives,” Acting Assistant Attorney General Kenneth Blanco said in the statement. Severed Link Federal officials said the malware has been in use in various forms since 2010, and that investigators were able to sever the link between the infected botnets and the criminals who were controlling them. A federal judge in Alaska issued a temporary restraining order against Levashov in the case, the officials said. Prosecutors said Levashov was first indicted in Michigan for email and wire fraud more than a decade ago. In 2009, he was again charged in federal court in Washington, D.C., with computer fraud related to his "Storm" botnet, a predecessor of Kelihos, according to the complaint. Alexander Ionov, a human-rights lawyer who is helping Levashov, said his client was arrested in Spain at the reqeust of the U.S., and that the Justice Department hadn’t followed international norms or consulted with Russia on the case.  "By arresting Russians abroad, the U.S. is circumventing all international procedures," Ionov said. "Levashov wasn’t included in Interpol or FBI wanted lists." Prosecutors said the case isn’t related to the alleged hacking of the U.S. election by Russia, contradicting published reports that quote Levashov’s wife. No Lack of Twists, Questions in Trump-Russia Saga: QuickTake Q&A Levashov used stolen passwords and co-opted internet addresses of thousands of victims’ computers to distribute spam to specified distribution lists, the U.S. said. He would also use login credentials harvested by Kelihos to gain unauthorized access to commercial email servers, which he used to send out spam messages that would appear to be sent from victims’ accounts, according to court papers. For example, Levashov would offer to send one million spam messages for "legal" products, such as adult material, mortgages, pills and counterfeit goods for $200, according to the complaint. The price would go up from there, the U.S. said, with spam costing $300 per million messages for recuiting job seekers into fraudulent positions, such as "mules" to launder money. Levashov’s most expensive offerings, at $500 per million, were email phishing attacks and messages that spread so-called ransomare -- spam that holds data hostage until victims pay to have it released, the U.S. said. Spam promoting pump-and-dump penny stocks had an additional cost -- a commission "based on the movement in the stock’s price that occurred as a result of the spam campaign," according to the complaint. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
12/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 12/04/2017 German police keep open mind over Dortmund Borussia bus blasts Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It was a targeted attack on the Borussia Dortmund team" Gregor Lange Dortmund Police Chief World 12/04/2017 Tough talks and tension for Tillerson in Moscow Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Frankly Putin is backing a person that's truly an evil person" Donald Trump US President World 12/04/2017 UN refugee agency warns of mass starvation in Africa Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""it's a critical situation that is rapidly unfolding across a large swathe of Africa"" Adrian Edwards UNHCR spokesperson World 12/04/2017 Trump spokesman Sean Spicer apologises over Hitler gaffe Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "(Hitler) was not using the gas on his own people the same way that Assad is doing" Sean Spicer White House spokesman World 11/04/2017 United Airlines says sorry after evicted passenger video goes viral Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I deeply apologise to the passenger forcibly removed... No-one should ever be mistreated this way" Oscar Munoz Chief Executive Officer, United Airlines World 11/04/2017 Greece's island refugee camps buckle under the strain Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Business 11/04/2017 Nine EU states could still adopt the euro. But why would they? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We have a lot of discipline but we also have a lot of divergence" Pierre Moscovici European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs Business 11/04/2017 Toshiba warns it may not survive amid massive Westinghouse losses Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We will do our utmost to avoid being delisted" Satoshi Tsunakawa Toshiba chief executive more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Citi tops global transaction banking ranks - Coalition Aa Aa Now Reading: Citi tops global transaction banking ranks - Coalition 10/04/2017 Citi tops global transaction banking ranks - Coalition REUTERS 10/04/2017 By Sujata Rao LONDON (Reuters) – Citi was the top bank last year in transaction banking, a segment comprising trade finance and cash management services, rankings compiled by industry analytics firm Coalition showed on Tuesday. This is the first time Coalition has ranked banks on transaction banking, basing the scores on services provided to clients with annual turnover of over $1.5 billion (1.21 billion pounds). Cash management encompasses services such as direct debits, wire transfers and currency clearing, while trade finance can include items such as letters of credit and trade loans. Coalition regularly releases investment banking league tables and its 2016 rankings, released last month, showed U.S. banks grabbing the top five places. Eric Li, research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters that while the investment banking industry typically grabbed more attention, transaction banking had proved to be a more steady source of income for global banks. Also, trade finance, a key element in transaction banking, is picking up after a decline caused by the slowdown in global commerce in recent years, he noted. “This business is a lot more resilient compared to investment banking, you don’t see huge swings by 20-30 percent in terms of top line revenue. It’s a very steady business,” Li said. “As a result … we are increasingly seeing a gradual increase in coverage of this from the media as well as the bank management perspective.” Coalition’s transaction banking list is less U.S. heavy than its investment banking league table – after Citi, U.S. banks JPMorgan, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Wells Fargo were in second, fourth and ninth place respectively. HSBC was the top placed European bank, tying for second place with JPMorgan, while other top 10 European names were Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, Standard Chartered, Societe Generale and Barclays, Coalition said. “In trade finance, most major players are European banks. This is a big divergence from the investment banking industry where you see big dominance by U.S. banks,” Lee added. The data showed Citi increasing its market share in trade finance as well as cash management, and dominant in the Americas. HSBC, on the other hand, was rapidly growing its transaction banking business in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Within transaction banking, the top trade finance banks were Citi, HSBC and BNP Paribas, while Citi, HSBC, JPMorgan and BAML scored highest in cash management. Coalition did not give details on how much banks had earned from the transaction business. The table was based upon the largest transaction banks within 15 leading banks, which included Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Citi, Deutsche Bank, HSBC, J.P. Morgan, Société Générale, Standard Chartered and Wells Fargo. (Reporting by Sujata Rao; Editing by Tom Heneghan) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories Germany 12/04/2017 German police keep open mind over Dortmund Borussia bus blasts world news 12/04/2017 UN refugee agency warns of mass starvation in Africa Russia 12/04/2017 Tough talks and tension for Tillerson in Moscow Most viewed USA 11/04/2017 United Airlines says sorry after evicted passenger video goes viral Germany 11/04/2017 Borussia Dortmund team bus involved in explosion Iraq 11/04/2017 Iraq: battle for western Mosul hampered by ISIL tactics real economy 11/04/2017 Nine EU states could still adopt the euro. But why would they? world news 11/04/2017 Florida sheriff's stern message to heroin dealers compared to ISIL video Editor's choice world news 11/04/2017 Death sentences soar but executions fall in 2016 says Amnesty world news 11/04/2017 Pyongyang Marathon offers rare opportunity to visit North Korea world news 11/04/2017 Shell: shady dealings with convicted money launderer Flashback: one year ago Germany 12/04/2016 Police swoop on "criminal families" in Berlin world news 12/04/2016 Greenpeace stage roof protest in Warsaw brussels bureau 12/04/2016 Eurosceptic MEP makes obscene gesture in parliament Vatican 12/04/2016 How the Vatican has dealt with the scandals of sexual abuse world news 12/04/2016 Is that a Caravaggio in the attic? Editor's choice world news 11/04/2017 Death sentences soar but executions fall in 2016 says Amnesty world news 11/04/2017 Pyongyang Marathon offers rare opportunity to visit North Korea world news 11/04/2017 Shell: shady dealings with convicted money launderer world news 10/04/2017 The champion chicas: girls' team wins boys' football league in Spain View 10/04/2017 Constitutional referendum: state of emergency could become permanent in Turkey world news 11/04/2017 How Europe is being used in the Turkish referendum campaign Spain 07/04/2017 Spain on threshold of an end to ETA and domestic terrorism world news 07/04/2017 Attack, counter-attack - this week in pictures brussels bureau 10/04/2017 The Brief from Brussels: UN calls on EU states not to return asylum seekers... Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags USA Football Sport Champions league Russia Conflict in Syria European Union Turkey Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers CarsIreland.ie Blog Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Datasec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Cheltenham 2017 Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business World Wednesday 12 April 2017 Amryt leads the way with strong gains An advertisement poster promoting China's renminbi (RMB) or yuan , US dollar and Euro exchange services is seen outside at foreign exchange store in Hong Kong Sean Duffy April 11 2017 2:30 AM 0 Comments Amryt leads the way with strong gains Independent.ie The Iseq overall index of Irish shares was up 38.5 points or 0.57pc on Monday, closing at 6,750.78. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/amryt-leads-the-way-with-strong-gains-35611261.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35611959.ece/e4228/AUTOCROP/h342/currency.jpg Email The Iseq overall index of Irish shares was up 38.5 points or 0.57pc on Monday, closing at 6,750.78. Skincare drug manufacturer Amryt Pharma rose by 7.8pc to finish the day with the highest gains. Financial firm IFG rose by 3.1pc, while insurance group FBD advanced by 1.9pc. Irish carrier Ryanair was up 1.3pc. Permanent TSB fell by 0.8pc, hotel group Dalata dropped 0.7pc ,while shares in Bank of Ireland were down by 0.4pc. US stocks were set to gain the most in nearly two weeks late on Monday morning as higher oil prices lifted energy stocks, while investors braced for big banks to kick off the first-quarter earnings season later in the week. JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report earnings on Thursday and could throw some light on the US banking industry's performance amid a rally in financial shares since the election of US President Donald Trump. Oil prices rose more than 1pc, with US crude hitting a more than one-month high, supported by a Libyan oilfield shut-down, tension over a US missile strike on Syria and signs that an Opec-led output cut is helping to clear excess supplies. Investors are keenly watching the quarterly earnings to justify lofty market valuations, following the post-election rally sparked off by bets that Trump would introduce pro-growth policies. Earnings of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 10.1pc in the first three months of the year, the most since the fourth-quarter of 2014. "The financial sector has been a darling performer since the election and we've seen some of that performance retreat in the last couple of weeks," said Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at US Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis. "So what the banks report and what their guidance is will be the primary driver for equity prices over the next week or two," he added. Additional reporting by Reuters Irish Independent Follow @Indobusiness JD Sports shares surge to new high  Rahul B Shares in Britain's JD Sports Fashion PLC climbed to a record high after strong demand for leisure clothing helped to drive a 55pc rise in headline annual pre-tax profit - its biggest increase in eight years. LSE eyes Saudi Aramco and Middle East IPOs after slump in deals  Dasha Afanasieva The London Stock Exchange (LSE) is targeting more listings from companies in the Middle East, following a dearth of initial public offerings in the aftermath of Britain's vote to leave the European... Leading flavour and fragrance company records sales of €1.162m for first three months of...  Ellie Donnelly Givaudan, the global leader in the flavour and fragrance industry, has recorded sales of CHF1,242m (€1.162m) in the first three months of 2017. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Barclays reprimands CEO and cuts bonus  World Resurgent Glencore can score in commodity uplift  World Bank implicated in Libor rigging  World Leading flavour and fragrance company records sales of €1.162m for first three months of...  World JD Sports shares surge to new high  World Warning issued over WhatsApp scam which tricks people into installing viruses  Technology It's Mac war...Irish firm Supermac’s launches fresh attack on McDonalds’ ‘trademark...  Irish WATCH: Jeremy Corbyn receives huge applause after shutting down BBC journalist  World News Video 12 practical tips to get your diet right  Healthy Eating Shane Ross in a feather boa - the picture that will 'stick in the craw' of bus workers  Politics Confirmed: The measures that will finally end the water charges debacle, six years later Healy-Rae brothers deserve a toast - not hysterical criticism Talks to resolve Bus Éireann dispute break down with no agreement Shane Ross in a feather boa - the picture that will 'stick in the craw' of bus workers Promoted articles Also in Business JD Sports shares surge to new high Shares in Britain's JD Sports Fashion PLC climbed to a record high after strong demand for... LSE eyes Saudi Aramco and Middle East IPOs after slump in deals The London Stock Exchange (LSE) is targeting more listings... Leading flavour and fragrance company records sales of €1.162m for first three... Givaudan, the global leader in the flavour and fragrance... Bank implicated in Libor rigging THE Bank of England repeatedly pressured commercial banks to lower their settings for... Barclays reprimands CEO and cuts bonus Barclays has reprimanded chief executive Jes Staley and will cut his bonus for attempting... Amryt leads the way with strong gains The Iseq overall index of Irish shares was up 38.5 points or 0.57pc on Monday,... Japanese dump record amount of French bonds ahead of election Japanese investors dumped a record amount of French bonds in February, rattled by the rising popularity of far-right candidate Marine... Barclay’s boss under investigation from US and UK regulator The head of one of the UK’s biggest banks is facing... Resurgent Glencore can score in commodity uplift I love big companies with a story attached. When that story would do credit to the creator... High hopes ahead of US earnings season US President Donald Trump's 'America First' rhetoric has fuelled a record stock market... VIDEO: Take a virtual tour of Portershed Take a virtual tour of Portershed VIDEO - Head to head: Amazon Echo v Google Home Google's new voice recognition home entertainment speaker goes head to head... VIDEO - Disturbing content: Farm worker faces jail for kicking and stamping on... A farm apprentice has been told he faces prison... VIDEO: Donald Tusk outlines EU guidelines for Brexit talks Donald Tusk says that the European Union's duty is to "minimise the... VIDEO: First look inside Squarespace's new Dublin hub - the people behind your favourite podcast have hammocks, a... WATCH: Adorable first few moments of miniature cow with new born calf This video captures a miniature Dexter cow, which is a... VIDEO: Samsung launches first smartphone since Note 7 was recalled Samsung launches its first smartphone, the... WATCH Take a hands look the new Samsung Galaxy S8 Some of the features from Samsung's newest smartphone the Galaxy S8,... Article 50 triggered: How the day unfolded After Prime Minister Theresa May triggered Article 50 which will bring the United... VIDEO: Brexit stunt held outside UK Parliament A stunt in Parliament Square shows a protester dressed as Theresa May 'gagging' British... Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Charlie Weston Colette Browne Dan O'Brien David McWilliams Fionnan Sheahan Gene Kerrigan Ian O'Doherty Ivan Yates Martina Devlin Sarah Carey David Quinn Billy Keane Mary Kenny Declan Lynch Brendan O'Connor Sinead Kissane Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List World Technology Dublin Datasec 2017 Tech & Gaming Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness PRO12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Cheltenham 2017 Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Baby Loss Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 11 April 2017 Votorantim Metais considering IPO, sources say SAO PAULO: Votorantim Metais Holding SA, one of Latin America’s largest producers of base metals, is considering an initial public offering to fund investments and provide parent company Votorantim SA with cash to expand in other core areas, four people with direct knowledge of the transaction said. The Sao Paulo-based company, known as VMH, is seen completing a three-stage IPO preparation plan by September, according to one of the people. Toronto and New York appear to be the favored destinations for a VMH listing, the person said. Talks with investment banks are at an advanced stage, with Bank of America Corp, Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co among those said to be vying for underwriting spots, two of the people said. The four people spoke under condition of anonymity because the transaction remains private. They did not detail a tentative structure and timetable for the transaction or give an estimated value for VMH. The IPO would give VMH access to a wide base of investors betting on a long-term recovery in zinc, copper, lead and silver prices, the first person said. Proceeds may come in handy for parent Votorantim, Brazil’s largest diversified industrial group, which is growing in energy, pulp and agribusiness while cutting a 14.7 billion-real (US$4.7bil) debt burden, the people added. Contacted on Sunday, media officials at parent Votorantim, which is controlled by Brazil’s billionaire Ermirio de Moraes family, declined to comment on “market speculation.” Bank of America did not have any immediate comment. Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan declined to comment.— Reuters Tags / Keywords: voto Related Stories You May Be Interested United Airlines faces mounting pressure over hospitalised passenger PetChem, Maxis lift KLCI, ringgit firmer versus US$ Snapchat CEO said 'This app is only for rich people,' ex-staff alleges Relocation of eight air bases to cost RM2.7bil IGP: Missing activist Peter Chong spotted in Thailand US-based Osprey Packs confirms severed ties with Terry Yee over dog attack Others Also Read Japan's Asada 'gave her all', has no regrets Our homes smell like toilet Man jailed three months for hitting wife Property Related advertisement Latest News SP Setia puts in bid for residential plot in Singapore, reportedly at RM837m PetChem, Maxis lift KLCI, ringgit firmer versus US$ UOB Kay Hian: Dialog's earnings projected to grow by 6%-7% in FY17-19 Amazon said to mull Whole Foods bid before Jana stepped in Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store Most Viewed in Business Relocation of eight air bases to cost RM2.7bil United declines as social-media firestorm spreads worldwide US airlines bumping fewer passengers, compensation varies Stock on the Move: Bursa Malaysia United Airlines faces mounting pressure over hospitalised passenger PetChem, Maxis lift KLCI, ringgit firmer versus US$ Mulpha’s cyclone-hit luxury island resort to close till mid-next year UOB Kay Hian: Dialog's earnings projected to grow by 6%-7% in FY17-19 Ringgit higher against US$ on Wednesday Mulpha’s luxury island resort to close till next year advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Stockholm Attack Colm Cooper Garda scandal Brexit Home»Business Barclays chief subject of probe Tuesday, April 11, 2017 Steve Slater Financial regulators in Britain are investigating Barclays CEO Jes Staley and the bank over the handling of a whistleblowing incident. Barclays said yesterday the investigation by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority relates to an attempt last year by Mr Staley to identify the author of letters that were treated by Barclays as a whistleblowing incident. Barclays said it has formally reprimanded Mr Staley and will “very significantly” cut his bonus. But the bank said he continued to have the “unanimous confidence” of the board and it will support his reappointment at the annual shareholder meeting on May 10. Mr Staley, the former head of JP Morgan’s investment bank, became Barclays chief executive in December 2015. The investigation relates to anonymous letters sent in June 2016 to members of the board and a senior executive that raised concerns about a senior employee who had been recruited by Barclays earlier that year, the bank said. Barclays did not name the employee, but a source said the letters were about Tim Main, who Mr Staley worked with at JP Morgan. Mr Main was hired in June 2016 as chairman of Barclays’ financial institutions group, based in New York. Mr Main declined to comment through a Barclays spokeswoman. “Amongst other issues, the letters raised concerns of a personal nature about the senior employee, Mr Staley’s knowledge of and role in dealing with those issues at a previous employer, and the appropriateness of the recruitment process followed on this occasion by Barclays,” Barclays said in its statement. After being given a copy of the first letter and made aware of the second, Mr Staley asked the bank’s group information security (GIS) team attempt to identify the author or authors of the letters. “Mr Staley considered that the letters were an unfair personal attack on the senior employee,” the bank said. Mr Staley was told it was not appropriate to try to identify the author or authors. But in July 2016 he asked if the issue had been cleared. Following this, he had an “honestly held, but mistaken, belief was that he had clearance to identify the author of one of the letters”, the bank said. GIS asked for assistance from a US law enforcement agency in identifying the author, but it was unsuccessful and no further steps were taken to do so after that. Mr Staley apologised to staff in an email yesterday. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS barclays, uk, finance © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Grafton Merchanting adds 170 jobs in Ireland JOE GILL: The ‘knowledge economy’ can mean power for Ireland Mortgage lenders urged to advise more on switching Fiscal outlook dims hopes for spending hikes Breaking Stories Central Bank may bring in new rules to make it easier to switch mortgages Dublin Port records 4.2% growth, but sees passenger numbers decline Donald Trump promises good trade deal with China if it helps 'solve the North Korean problem' 170 jobs to be created in Ireland by GMROI over the next two years Lifestyle Divine fashion ideas for communion and confirmation season The business of video gaming John B Keane reminisces in Cork for 'Many Young Men of 20' revival Making cents: Going the extra mile for learner driver insurance More From The Irish Examiner Practicing for the Wheelie World Championships looks like the ultimate adrenaline rush Merriam-Webster trolls United Airlines by sharing the definition of 'volunteer' Move over Easter eggs, the hot cross bull is here VIDEO: Pieta House wants people to Wake Up to suicide This video of a school of dolphins swimming off the coast of Cork is mesmerizing This has to take the award for best object stolen on a night out Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Remedy teases new project Sony reveals DPT-RP1 E Ink tablet Lotto Results Saturday, April 08, 2017 2 7 9 35 41 45 22 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Everyone’s talking about this Kerry farmer on RTÉ news last night Man flew to Ireland from Canada to have sex with girl Guest asks for strange request at Kilkenny hotel and the legends come through DAA told to ‘come clean’ about Norwegian services LATEST: United Airlines CEO responds to THAT incident on Flight 3411 Cork City’s pay parking overhaul slated by residents and business owners Latest: Bus Éireann talks adjourned at Labour Court; set to resume in morning Footage of female college student body-slammed by US police officer causes outrage online Man flew to Ireland from Canada to have sex with girl Mike Quirke: Kerry have taken a stick to the biggest beehive in the woods NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS The business of video gaming Oliver Mangan: Feeling of calm persists on currency markets for now SPORT Cork City hitman Sean Maguire sets sights on the title My Lions squad: Getting the chemistry right is key LIFESTYLE Divine fashion ideas for communion and confirmation season John B Keane reminisces in Cork for 'Many Young Men of 20' revival     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- British Business - April 11 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Funds News | Mon Apr 10, 2017 | 8:16pm EDT PRESS DIGEST- British Business - April 11 April 11 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. The Times Regulators in Britain and the United States are investigating Barclays Plc Chief Executive Jes Staley's attempts to identify the whistleblower who raised concerns about Tim Main, a former colleague at JPMorgan Chase & Co. on.wsj.com/2okLpTf Anglo-Australian mining group BHP Billiton Plc has rejected calls from activist investor Elliott Advisors to overhaul its dual-listed structure and spin off its U.S. oil business. bit.ly/2ol11pJ The Guardian Britain's retailers suffered a third consecutive month of falling sales in March, according to industry figures that add to evidence that a post-referendum rise in living costs is denting consumer spending. bit.ly/2okTYNG Fashion chain Jaeger has collapsed into administration, putting 680 jobs at risk. The brand, which dressed Audrey Hepburn and Marilyn Monroe in its heyday, had been trying to find a buyer to keep its 46 stores going, but its owner threw in the towel on Monday and appointed administrators. bit.ly/2ol6HzZ The Telegraph The 129 million pounds ($160.26 million) fine imposed by the Serious Fraud Office against Tesco Plc has been approved by Southwark Crown Court following an investigation into the retailer's accounting scandal in 2014. bit.ly/2ol3Eb9 Tom Hayes, the first trader to be convicted for Libor rigging, has called for a public inquiry to be launched after a recording of a telephone call emerged suggesting the Bank of England was involved in manipulating the key financial benchmark. bit.ly/2okMMRY Sky News Travelodge has announced plans to open 60 hotels in UK over three years, as it looks to capitalise on potential opportunities in the wake of the Brexit vote. bit.ly/2okU9bU Kadcyla, a breast cancer drug which could shortly be withdrawn in England, has been approved for use on the NHS in Scotland. Campaigners claim more than a hundred women a year could benefit from the drug in Scotland. bit.ly/2okUZWk The Independent Canadian fast food chain Tim Hortons is opening its first UK branch in Glasgow next month. The company has plans to expand its franchised outlets across UK over the coming year. ind.pn/2ol2YCI ($1 = 0.8050 pounds) (Compiled by Ismail Shakil in Bengaluru) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Funds News UPDATE 1-Lyft lands $600 mln in fresh funding; company valued at $7.5 bln SAN FRANCISCO, April 11 Ride-services company Lyft has raised $600 million in fresh funding, fuel for the company's growth as it continues to compete fiercely with larger rival Uber Technologies Inc. BRIEF-Blackrock Inc and subsidiaries enters amendment no. 6 * Blackrock Inc - on April 6, co, subsidiaries entered amendment no. 6 to its 5-year revolving credit agreement, dated as of March 10, 2011 MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tailored Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tailored Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) PT Set at $35.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Given a $19.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Banc of California Inc (BANC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research American Superconductor Co. (AMSC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Cardinal Financial Co. (CFNL) Washington Trust Bancorp (WASH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Peoples Bancorp Inc. (PEBO) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Washington Federal Inc. (WAFD) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Bloom Burton Upgrades Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARZ) to Buy Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust (AAR.UN) Given New C$6.50 Price Target at Scotiabank Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZYNE) Short Interest Down 14.3% in March Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Schlumberger Limited. Decreased by William Blair (SLB) American Tower Corp (AMT) Rating Increased to Buy at Guggenheim Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. DXC Technology Company (DXC) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Kingfisher plc (KGF) Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Stock Price RBC Bearings (ROLL) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10 Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Given a $19.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Tailored Brands Inc (NASDAQ:TLRD) has been assigned a $19.00 target price by stock analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a research report issued on Monday. The brokerage presently has a “hold” rating on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 46.83% from the stock’s current price. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. TheStreet lowered shares of Tailored Brands from a “c” rating to a “d+” rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Mizuho lowered shares of Tailored Brands from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $25.00 to $18.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Tailored Brands from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Wunderlich reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $30.00 price objective on shares of Tailored Brands in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $22.00. Shares of Tailored Brands (NASDAQ:TLRD) opened at 12.94 on Monday. Tailored Brands has a 12 month low of $10.90 and a 12 month high of $28.76. The firm has a market capitalization of $631.25 million and a PE ratio of 25.37. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $17.36 and a 200-day moving average of $19.25. Tailored Brands (NASDAQ:TLRD) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 8th. The company reported ($0.19) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.12) by $0.07. The company had revenue of $793 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $811.36 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted ($0.30) EPS. Tailored Brands’s revenue was down 4.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Tailored Brands will post $1.72 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 24th. Investors of record on Tuesday, March 14th were given a $0.18 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, March 10th. This represents a $0.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 5.56%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Given a $19.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/tailored-brands-inc-tlrd-given-a-19-00-price-target-by-jefferies-group-llc-analysts.html. In related news, major shareholder Eminence Capital, Lp bought 1,110,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $20.00 per share, for a total transaction of $22,200,000.00. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Tailored Brands by 7.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,412,022 shares of the company’s stock valued at $53,569,000 after buying an additional 225,571 shares during the last quarter. Glenview Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Tailored Brands during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $61,320,000. Boston Partners raised its stake in shares of Tailored Brands by 4.9% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 2,273,643 shares of the company’s stock valued at $35,696,000 after buying an additional 105,936 shares during the last quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC raised its stake in shares of Tailored Brands by 15.7% in the fourth quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC now owns 1,361,288 shares of the company’s stock valued at $34,781,000 after buying an additional 184,293 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Tailored Brands by 133.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,241,980 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,500,000 after buying an additional 708,894 shares during the last quarter. About Tailored Brands Tailored Brands, Inc is a holding company of The Men’s Wearhouse, Inc The Company is a specialty apparel retailer offering suits, suit separates, sport coats, slacks, business casual, sportswear, outerwear, dress shirts, shoes and accessories for men and tuxedo and suit rental product. It operates through two segments: Retail and Corporate Apparel. Receive News & Ratings for Tailored Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tailored Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GenMark Diagnostics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GenMark Diagnostics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News H&E Equipment Services, Inc. (HEES) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Fortuna Silver Mines Inc (FSM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” GECINA EUR7.50 (GECFF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (GNMK) to Buy Uacj Corp (UACJF) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $0.00 Brokerages Set Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.B) Price Target at $171.52 Polypipe Group PLC (PLP) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Facebook Inc (FB) VP Colin Stretch Sells 750 Shares Costco Wholesale (COST) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of 0.24 CONSOL Energy (CNX) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Canacol Energy Ltd (CNE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) PT at $5.17 Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Momo (MOMO) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.19 Natural Gas Services Group (NGS) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.05 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.33 Energen Co. (EGN) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.09 Per Share SurModics (SRDX) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Effect Stryker (SYK) Share Price Zacks Investment Research Upgrades GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (GNMK) to Buy April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (NASDAQ:GNMK) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a $14.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 9.20% from the company’s current price. According to Zacks, “GenMark Diagnostics, Inc. is a molecular diagnostics company focused on developing and commercializing its proprietary eSensor(R) detection technology. The eSensor® XT-8 system is the second generation in GenMark Dx’s eSensor® platform, utilizing electrochemical detection technology to detect nucleic acids on a microarray. The XT-8 System enables multiplex detection of DNA and RNA targets. The Company has developed four diagnostic tests for use with its XT-8 System. Its Cystic Fibrosis Genotyping Test, which detects pre-conception risks of cystic fibrosis, and its Warfarin Sensitivity Test, which determines an individual’s ability to metabolize the oral anticoagulant warfarin, have received FDA clearance. It has also developed a Respiratory Viral Panel Test, which detects the presence of major respiratory viruses, and a Thrombosis Risk Test, which detects an individual’s increased risk of blood clots. GenMark Diagnostics, Inc. is based in Pasadena, California. “ Several other brokerages have also issued reports on GNMK. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 target price on shares of GenMark Diagnostics in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Canaccord Genuity set a $14.00 target price on GenMark Diagnostics and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, BTIG Research reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 target price on shares of GenMark Diagnostics in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, GenMark Diagnostics has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $15.00. Shares of GenMark Diagnostics (NASDAQ:GNMK) traded up 0.23% on Tuesday, reaching $12.82. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 174,346 shares. GenMark Diagnostics has a 12-month low of $5.13 and a 12-month high of $13.62. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $12.40 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.99. The stock’s market cap is $603.19 million. GenMark Diagnostics (NASDAQ:GNMK) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported ($0.27) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.27). GenMark Diagnostics had a negative return on equity of 114.35% and a negative net margin of 98.17%. The company had revenue of $14.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.03 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted ($0.21) EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 12.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that GenMark Diagnostics will post ($0.94) EPS for the current year. WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-genmark-diagnostics-inc-gnmk-to-buy.html. In related news, CFO Scott Mendel sold 8,595 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.08, for a total transaction of $86,637.60. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 102,761 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,035,830.88. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, SVP Michael Gleeson sold 9,569 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.47, for a total value of $119,325.43. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 252,558 shares in the company, valued at $3,149,398.26. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 95,235 shares of company stock worth $1,072,753 over the last ninety days. 7.09% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. HighTower Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of GenMark Diagnostics by 4,380.1% in the third quarter. HighTower Advisors LLC now owns 2,074,347 shares of the company’s stock worth $24,477,000 after buying an additional 2,028,046 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley raised its position in shares of GenMark Diagnostics by 45.5% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,829,658 shares of the company’s stock worth $33,390,000 after buying an additional 884,575 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its position in shares of GenMark Diagnostics by 7.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 6,960,646 shares of the company’s stock worth $85,198,000 after buying an additional 511,563 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of GenMark Diagnostics by 12.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,387,785 shares of the company’s stock worth $39,976,000 after buying an additional 373,526 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans purchased a new position in shares of GenMark Diagnostics during the fourth quarter worth $3,644,000. About GenMark Diagnostics GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (GenMark) is a molecular diagnostics company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing its eSensor detection technology. Its eSensor electrochemical technology detects multiple distinct biomarkers in a single sample. It sells its XT-8 instrument and related diagnostic and research tests (XT-8 system) in the United States. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on GenMark Diagnostics (GNMK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for GenMark Diagnostics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GenMark Diagnostics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Zimbabwe World Politics Business Banking & Finance Opinion Arts & Entertainment Sport     Home Main News Headline Zimbabwe World Crime & Courts Business Money & Markets Arts & Entertainment Sport Breaking News Politics Banking & Finance Economic Analysis Opinion Columinsts Relationships Education Scie & Tech Health & Fitness News Ticker [ 11th April 2017 ] Apple Goes to Court to Protect its Profits Technology [ 11th April 2017 ] Is Weak Zimbabwe Opposition Entrenching Robert Mugabe Rule? Main News [ 11th April 2017 ] Developing nations’ demands for better life must be met, says World Bank head Economic Analysis [ 11th April 2017 ] New Law to Compel Zimbabwe Banks to Accept Cattle as Collateral Banking & Finance [ 11th April 2017 ] Risk factors for heart disease and stroke also tied to Alzheimer’s Health & Fitness Search for: HomeBanking & FinanceBig banks plan to coin new digital currency Big banks plan to coin new digital currency 23rd August 2016 Staff Reporter Banking & Finance 50 Canary wharf skyline LONDON – Four of the world’s biggest banks have teamed up to develop a new form of digital cash that they believe will become an industry standard to clear and settle financial trades over blockchain, the technology underpinning bitcoin. UBS, the Swiss bank, pioneered the “utility settlement coin” and has now joined forces with Deutsche Bank, Santander and BNY Mellon — as well as the broker ICAP — to pitch the idea to central banks, aiming for its first commercial launch by early 2018. The move, to be announced on Wednesday, is one of the most concrete examples of banks co-operating on a specific blockchain technology to harness the power of decentralised computer networks and improve the efficiency of financial market plumbing. “Today trading between banks and institutions is difficult, time-consuming and costly, which is why we all have big back offices,” said Julio Faura, head of R&D and innovation at Santander. “This is about streamlining it and making it more efficient.” Blockchain technology is a complex set of algorithms that allows so-called cryptocurrencies — including bitcoin — to be traded and verified electronically over a network of computers without a central ledger. Having initially been sceptical about it because of worries over fraud, banks are now exploring how they can exploit the technology to speed up back-office settlement systems and free billions in capital tied up supporting trades on global markets. The total cost to the finance industry of clearing and settling trades is estimated at $65bn-$80bn a year, according to a report last year by Oliver Wyman. There are several rival digital cash systems being developed. Setl, a London-based group founded by hedge fund investors and trading executives last year, also aims to settle financial market payments with digital cash linked directly to central banks. Citigroup is working on its own “Citicoin” solution, while Goldman Sachs has filed a patent for a “SETLcoin” to allow trades to be settled near-instantaneously. JPMorgan is also working on a similar project. The utility settlement coin, based on a solution developed by Clearmatics Technologies, aims to let financial institutions pay for securities, such as bonds and equities, without waiting for traditional money transfers to be completed. Instead they would use digital coins that are directly convertible into cash at central banks, cutting the time and cost of post-trade settlement and clearing. The coins, each convertible into different currencies, would be stored using the blockchain, or distributed ledger technology, allowing them to be quickly swapped for the financial securities being traded. “You need a form of digital cash on the distributed ledger in order to get maximum benefit from these technologies,” said Hyder Jaffrey, head of fintech innovation at UBS. “What that allows us to do is to take away the time these processes take, such as waiting for payment to arrive. That frees up capital trapped during the process.”   He said the project team would spend the next year seeking the approval and co-operation of regulators and central banks and aim for a “limited and low-risk” commercial launch by early 2018. The consortium members plan to argue that the system would improve transparency for regulators. The US Federal Reserve, the Bank of England and the Bank of Canada are among central banks examining the potential benefits of digital currencies. But concerns include the security and the impact on banking stability. David Treat, head of Accenture’s capital markets blockchain practice, said the technology was still at a stage of having “three to five years before we get things adopted at scale and several more years before it goes mainstream”. Financial Times Share this: Related Posts Deutsche Bank to ban staff from using WhatsApp because it can’t monitor messages Sweden’s central bank turns to national digital currency as society ditches cash Black market firms in Zimbabwe as dollars get scarcer Zimbabweans Have No Choice But to Accept New Currency but Bitcoin is Best Visa introduces Zimbabwe service Standard Chartered records $6.1 m profit Plastic money transactions rise Chinotimba asks why Parliament is debating bond notes when they are already in circulation Broad money supply rises in June – central bank Bond notes holding firm Share this on WhatsApp Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment Kendrick Lamar’s new album: Everything you need to know from the title to collaborations 11th April 2017 Staff Reporter 0 After much anticipation, rap star Kendrick Lamar has announced details of his forthcoming album. As an Easter treat for fans, the Humble hitmaker will release his fourth studio album, titled Damn, in the UK at […] Arts & Entertainment Zimbabwean musician Rina takes Europe by storm 10th April 2017 Staff Reporter 0 RINA Mushonga further cements herself as a symbol of female empowerment with new track – “AtalantA”. by Wonderland Magazine Named after a Greek mythological figure known for her running and hunting abilities, the latest track […] Arts & Entertainment Vin Diesel reveals he is still ‘reeling from the loss’ of Paul Walker’s death at Fast 8 premiere 10th April 2017 Staff Reporter 0 Fate Of The Furious is the first movie in the high-octane Fast and Furious franchise that was shot without its original star — Paul Walker. He may be gone, but he still remains in the […] Arts & Entertainment Assegai Crew remains strong, steadfast 9th April 2017 Staff Reporter 0 UNLIKE disturbing stories that characterise most Zimbabwean musical outfits that quickly fold up or dismantle amid raging fights and disagreements at the death of their founding members, Assegai Crew has remained a beacon of unity. […]   Previous article Next article 50 Trackbacks & Pingbacks Google hitachi edm filter гостиница для кошек dabs superior auto institute superior auto institute Double Penetration Vibrator free app for pc free download for pc windows free download for pc windows free full download for windows pc free full download for windows kerala used car best lion kona coffee 100% pure kona coffee pure kona coffee beans apps download for windows 8 app download for windows 8 best clit vibrators miniclip.com free download for pc menage a trois sex toy full apps download free download for pc Rotating Dildo the four percent group Chaga Pilz Masturbator Vibrator nike jordan vibrator بابايا buy rabbit vibrator work at home 2017 legit online jobs with no fees plug toy peru travel Anal Toys sex toy rabbit sex toys penis enlargement pump szybkie pozyczki buy sell cyprus amazon reviews Google clasificado onlain pc games free download for windows 7 facebook likes panel dildo guide Buy Phentermine Without Prescription anal vibe Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website In the Spotlight Apple Goes to Court to Protect its Profits by Staff Reporter in Technology 0 When people or companies say a fight that spills into court “isn’t about the money,” you know that means it’s entirely about the money. Lawsuits are motivated by self-interest. That’s an important principle to keep [...] Follow on Facebook   In the Spotlight How do volcanic arcs get their magma? by Staff Reporter in Science 0 Evidence has been found to support a theory of how lavas form under volcanic arcs that was thought to be “fantasy” for decades. How volcanoes in arcs – such as the famous Ring of Fire [...] Editor’s Apple Goes to Court to Protect its Profits Is Weak Zimbabwe Opposition Entrenching Robert Mugabe Rule? Developing nations’ demands for better life must be met, says World Bank head New Law to Compel Zimbabwe Banks to Accept Cattle as Collateral Risk factors for heart disease and stroke also tied to Alzheimer’s Juventus’ Paulo Dybala leaves Barcelona with another mountain to climb White House Spokesman says Hitler did not use chemical weapons Pound battles volatility as inflation holds steady above Bank of England’s target Robert Jnr cracks over Mugabe wheelchair joke Mugabe’s sincerity questioned Kelvin: Thanks foг finalⅼy talking aƄout >Hunger stalks Buhera - Ꭲhe Zimbabwe Mail <Loved it! Merlinmew: [url=https://www.sanysad.es/images/sanysad/1228-nike-air-force-one-2017-mujer.jpg]Nike Air Force One 2017 Mujer[/url] If you purchase a product or service of precious jewelry for the… Richarddex: [url=https://www.freiberufler-netzwerk.de/images/img/3797-adidas-ultra-boost-triple-white.jpg]Adidas Ultra Boost Triple White[/url] Try nicotine substitute as a way to quit. This can be achieved by… News in Motion Sex, erectile dysfunction and depression – how to cope 23rd March 2017 0 Worker fired for attending Gay party challenges dismissal 24th September 2015 0 Leicester thump out-of-sorts Man City 10th December 2016 1 ‘Zanu PF bigwigs wanted to kill me’ 9th May 2015 0 Six students ‘jailed for homosexuality’ 14th December 2015 0 ZANU-PF bigwigs fall sick 8th September 2016 139 THE intense infighting in the ruling party is putting unbearable strain on ZANU-PF bigwigs’ health as it emerged this week that Simon Khaya-Moyo, the Minister of Policy Coordination and Promotion of Socio-Economic Ventures in the [...] Zimbabwe to import 250,000 tonnes of maize from Mexico 23rd June 2016 126 Prophet Makandiwa’s romantic side revealed 12th June 2016 125 Tsvangirai, Mugabe come face to face 21st October 2016 120 Jonathan Moyo according to Wikileaks-Part One 22nd October 2016 118 About Us Authors Staff Reporter published 12911 articles admin published 1 articles Contact us: editor@thezimbabwemail.com, opinion@thezimbabwemai Staff Reporter published 12911 articles admin published 1 articles Copyright © 2017 | The Zimbabwe Mail Online News
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News New Leadership for Clean Energy Trust’s Board of Directors and Industry Advisory Council Veery Maxwell and Sanjeev Krishnan Join Clean Energy Trust’s Board of Directors; Angela Foster-Rice and Ashley Grosh to Co-Chair Industry Advisory Council CHICAGO, IL, UNITED STATES, April 11, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Clean Energy Trust and Board of Director Co-Chairmen, Michael Polsky and Nick Pritzker, announced today that Veery Maxwell, Director at Energy Innovation: Policy and Technology LLC, and Sanjeev Krishnan, Managing Director at S2G ventures, have joined Clean Energy Trust’s Board of Directors. “Nick and I are thrilled to welcome Veery and Sanjeev to the Board of Directors of Clean Energy Trust,” stated Michael Polsky. “Veery’s career has afforded her unique perspectives on the intersections between environmental philanthropy, energy policy and technology innovation that will be valuable in guiding Clean Energy Trust towards even greater success. Sanjeev’s similarly impressive career in agriculture and food as well as in sustainability investing will lend Clean Energy Trust significant insight in this important sector, as well as additional early stage investment expertise.” Maxwell is a Director at Energy Innovation, where she helps clients achieve their goals in climate and energy philanthropy. She earned a JD degree with honors from UC Hastings School of the Law where she focused on environmental issues. Maxwell was Managing Editor of West-Northwest, the Hastings environmental law and policy journal. She received a B.A. degree magna cum laude from Georgetown University with a double major in finance and international business. Krishnan is Managing Director of S2G Ventures, and he has been with the firm since its inception. He has over 15 years of experience in sourcing, executing, managing and governing venture and private equity investments, including a focus in agriculture and food companies. As Managing Director, Krishnan is active in developing investments and managing portfolio companies. Krishnan serves on the boards of several S2G portfolio companies. He also serves on a variety of advisory boards related to impact investing and the agriculture and water sectors. Krishnan began investing in the food and agriculture sectors in 2003 as a co-founder of the life sciences practice of the IFC, the $20 billion private investment arm of the World Bank. His previous investment roles include CLSA Capital Partners, Global Environment Fund, World Bank Group’s IFC and JPMorgan. Krishnan is a graduate of the London School of Economics and Political Science. Clean Energy Trust also announced that Angela Foster-Rice, Managing Director of Environmental Affairs and Sustainability for United Airlines, and Ashley Grosh, Vice President and Environmental Affairs Business Initiatives Manager for Wells Fargo, have agreed to lead Clean Energy Trust’s Industry Advisory Council. Clean Energy Trust’s Industry Advisory Council serves the important role of advising Clean Energy Trust’s management and Board of Directors on industry perspectives regarding energy and sustainability issues. Advisory council members include senior executives from Agentis Energy, ComEd, Exelon, Invenergy, LanzaTech, Schneider Electric, United Airlines, and Wells Fargo. “The Industry Advisory Council provides important market perspectives on energy, technology and innovation to the management team and the Board of Clean Energy Trust,” said Erik Birkerts, CEO of Clean Energy Trust. “Ashley and Angela are environmental leaders who understand that sustainability and profitable business are not mutually exclusive and I look forward to working with them as we continue to build the Industry Advisory Council into a valuable link to the market to ensure that our programs and activities meet the needs of our corporate stakeholders.” Angela Foster-Rice is Managing Director of Environmental Affairs and Sustainability for United Airlines, where she leads the development of the company’s environmental strategy. Foster-Rice and her team are responsible for United’s environmental policy, sustainability measures, alternative fuels strategy, and regulatory compliance, with a focus on identifying solutions to reduce United’s impact on the environment while striving to improve its business and the communities United serves. Ashley Grosh is Vice President and Environmental Affairs Business Initiatives Manager for Wells Fargo, where she manages a $100 million environmental philanthropy program for the company’s sustainability initiatives, including designing and launching the successful Innovation Incubator (IN2) program in partnership with the Department of Energy’s National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL). #### About Clean Energy Trust: Clean Energy Trust partners with innovators to commercialize scientific and technological advancements that change how the world generates, consumes and reuses energy and natural resources. Clean Energy Trust pursues an integrated mix of programs to identify, fund and support promising new technologies at critical, early stages of commercial development. To learn more visit www.cleanenergytrust.org. Emily Achler 8476879367 email us here Clean Energy Trust CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Freightgate Awarded 2017 Top Logistics Technology Provider By Inbound Logistics Magazine Next PostNext South River Technologies Solves File Sharing Security Issues with Cornerstone MFT Server Version 2017 Search Recent Posts EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) High-Calcium Limestone Market Report 2017 NZ Small and Mid-Cap stocks should list on the NZX Founders of The Scale Collective Jory Des Jardins and Stephanie Agresta join the Board of SheWorx Global Software Defined Networking Market Research Report- Global Forecast 2022 Global ADHD Therapeutics Market Research Report- Forecast to 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Why Trump won't be branding China a currency cheater - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Why Trump won't be branding China a currency cheater Posted: Tuesday, April 11, 2017 8:29 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, April 11, 2017 8:29 PM EDT By Donna Borak WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -- The odds of President Trump fulfilling his campaign promise to label China a currency manipulator within his first 100 days are quickly diminishing. One of Trump's top economic advisers, Stephen Schwarzman, chairman of the Blackstone Group, waived off the possibility that China would meet the necessary criteria to be designated a currency cheater. The Trump administration's first currency report is set to be released in mid-April and will outline whether major U.S. trading partners are gaming their currencies. "I would doubt that would happen," Schwarzman told Bloomberg Television on Tuesday, when asked whether China would be given that designation in Treasury's next report. President Trump promised on the campaign trail to be tough on China on trade and to label the country a currency manipulator on his first day in office. So far, he hasn't followed through on either of those vows. He also failed to mention the issue publicly during Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to the U.S. earlier this month. Instead, administration officials and advisers have softened their rhetoric. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in February he didn't want to leap to any immediate conclusions about China's currency practices until after a thorough review by the agency was complete. "We have a process with Treasury, where we go through and look at currency manipulation across the board," said Mnuchin, in his February interview with CNBC. "We'll go through that process. We'll do that as we have in the past. We're not making any judgments until we continue that process." Treasury releases its report to Congress twice a year. The agency has developed criteria to determine if any country is manipulating its currency. If it does, the president would begin a dialogue with the country and seek possible penalties. The last report released by Treasury in October found that six countries -- China, Japan, Korea, Germany, Taiwan and Switzerland -- met two of the three criteria. The last time the U.S. designated a country a currency cheater was China in 1994. A Treasury spokesman said Tuesday the agency is still "in the process" of making its assessment of the currency practices of China and other major trading partners. Schwarzman said the issue of China didn't come up during a second meeting he chaired of the president's strategy and policy forum at the White House on Tuesday. The panel of business leaders included JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and BlackRock CEO Laurence Fink. China has been criticized for years by other countries for its heavy-handed efforts to keep the yuan undervalued. Charles Schumer, the Senate Democratic leader from New York, also called on Trump to keep his pledge. "He promised that on day one he would make China a currency manipulator," Schumer told reporters on a conference call Tuesday. "With the flick of a pen, he could send a strong message to the Chinese government." Many economists and investors say that China doesn't meet the Treasury's criteria because its current account surplus has shrunk. Fred Bergsten, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute of International Economics, said over the past two years China has not been intervening to keep its currency weak against the dollar. Instead, the country has been working to keep its currency from getting weaker and to keep the dollar from getting stronger. "President Trump backed off because he realized that China was no longer a currency manipulator," said Bergsten, according to a transcript of a recent interview with the think tank. Instead, he said Chinese leaders are "now actually helping out in achieving his goal of limiting US trade deficits." Still, Schumer said while Beijing may "not [be] manipulating their currency now, no one has any doubt... that if it suited them to manipulate again, they would in the future." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Why Trump won’t be branding China a currency cheater Why Trump won’t be branding China a currency cheater Posted on Tuesday, April 11, 2017 by CNN in Business News The odds of President Trump fulfilling his campaign promise to label China a currency manipulator within his first 100 days are quickly diminishing. One of Trump’s top economic advisers, Stephen Schwarzman, chairman of the Blackstone Group, waived off the possibility that China would meet the necessary criteria to be designated a currency cheater. The Trump administration’s first currency report is set to be released in mid-April and will outline whether major U.S. trading partners are gaming their currencies. “I would doubt that would happen,” Schwarzman told Bloomberg Television on Tuesday, when asked whether China would be given that designation in Treasury’s next report. President Trump promised on the campaign trail to be tough on China on trade and to label the country a currency manipulator on his first day in office. So far, he hasn’t followed through on either of those vows. He also failed to mention the issue publicly during Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to the U.S. earlier this month. Instead, administration officials and advisers have softened their rhetoric. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in February he didn’t want to leap to any immediate conclusions about China’s currency practices until after a thorough review by the agency was complete. “We have a process with Treasury, where we go through and look at currency manipulation across the board,” said Mnuchin, in his February interview with CNBC. “We’ll go through that process. We’ll do that as we have in the past. We’re not making any judgments until we continue that process.” Treasury releases its report to Congress twice a year. The agency has developed criteria to determine if any country is manipulating its currency. If it does, the president would begin a dialogue with the country and seek possible penalties. The last report released by Treasury in October found that six countries — China, Japan, Korea, Germany, Taiwan and Switzerland — met two of the three criteria. The last time the U.S. designated a country a currency cheater was China in 1994. A Treasury spokesman said Tuesday the agency is still “in the process” of making its assessment of the currency practices of China and other major trading partners. Schwarzman said the issue of China didn’t come up during a second meeting he chaired of the president’s strategy and policy forum at the White House on Tuesday. The panel of business leaders included JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and BlackRock CEO Laurence Fink. China has been criticized for years by other countries for its heavy-handed efforts to keep the yuan undervalued. Charles Schumer, the Senate Democratic leader from New York, also called on Trump to keep his pledge. “He promised that on day one he would make China a currency manipulator,” Schumer told reporters on a conference call Tuesday. “With the flick of a pen, he could send a strong message to the Chinese government.” Many economists and investors say that China doesn’t meet the Treasury’s criteria because its current account surplus has shrunk. Fred Bergsten, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute of International Economics, said over the past two years China has not been intervening to keep its currency weak against the dollar. Instead, the country has been working to keep its currency from getting weaker and to keep the dollar from getting stronger. “President Trump backed off because he realized that China was no longer a currency manipulator,” said Bergsten, according to a transcript of a recent interview with the think tank. Instead, he said Chinese leaders are “now actually helping out in achieving his goal of limiting US trade deficits.” Still, Schumer said while Beijing may “not [be] manipulating their currency now, no one has any doubt… that if it suited them to manipulate again, they would in the future.” Dodge unveils 840-horsepower muscle car Here's how much airlines will pay you to give up your seat Related Posts Virtual reality Happy Meal comes to McDonald’s in Sweden N.J. clears way for children of undocumented immigrants to get aid Cybersecurity experts to Trump: U.S. should train 100,000 hackers Melania Trump calls on People Magazine to retract portion of accuser’s story Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Latest News Dow 20,651 -6.72 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,867 -14.15 -0.24% S&P 500 2,354 -3.38 -0.14% 3:06 A.M. ET Puma ups profit outlook after strong first quarter 3:05 A.M. ET National Grid lifts full-year earnings target 3:04 A.M. ET Elliott puts pressure on BHP to exploit tax quirk 3:03 A.M. ET Updated United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap 3:03 A.M. ET Daimler profit up 87%, on Mercedes-Benz cars boost 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 opens 0.3% higher at 12,176 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's Fraport takes over 14 Greek airports 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,114.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,372.36 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 381.88 2:56 A.M. ET WH Smith logs 4% growth in pretax profit 2:55 A.M. ET Tesco posts 30% rise in adjusted operating profit 2:21 A.M. ET Updated How to dazzle voters on the campaign trail? Upstart French candidate turns to holograms 12:02 A.M. ET This is the one place in America where even doctors can’t buy a home 12:01 A.M. ET Millennials are too forgetful to redeem their credit card points 4/11 KPMG partners fired over ethics breach 4/11 Asian markets slip as yen hits 5-month high 4/11 Trump to lift federal hiring freeze Wednesday 4/11 Updated Republican wins surprisingly close Kansas congressional election 4/11 Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Major L.A. Employers Raise Concerns That High Cost of Living Is a Barrier to Attracting and Retaining Top Talent By Published: Apr 11, 2017 7:27 p.m. ET Share New USC survey finds region’s escalating home prices hindering senior-level recruitment LOS ANGELES, Apr 11, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Housing costs are deterring top-talent from entering the Los Angeles job market, and leading to higher costs in recruiting and retaining employees, according to a new survey released today by Raphael Bostic, a USC Price School of Public Policy Professor and the newly appointed head of the Atlanta Federal Reserve. Bostic led a team of USC researchers in surveying major L.A. employers accounting for nearly 200,000 jobs in key sectors including utilities, healthcare, education, government, engineering and finance. The resulting report, The Affordable Housing Crisis in Los Angeles: An Employer Perspective, released in partnership with the Los Angeles Business Council, focuses on how the high cost of housing in the region has affected employers and puts forth key recommendations. “This study shows that high housing costs are burdening our leading employers, either by having to develop special hiring packages, or subsidizing transportation and relocation costs,” said Bostic. “Though we have yet to see a critical mass of businesses priced out of the region, this is an area of concern. There’s ample evidence to show that the time is now to implement strategies to reduce housing costs.” Nearly 60% of employers surveyed cite the region’s high cost of living as impacting employee retention, and 75% cite housing costs specifically as an area of concern. The impact of high housing costs is most apparent when employers try to recruit top talent: 64% of employers report that they include cost of living when negotiating hiring packages for high-level employees. “It’s concerning that high housing costs could lead to Los Angeles losing its competitive edge in recruiting top talent. That would be devastating to our economy,” said Mary Leslie, president of LABC. “This survey underscores the need to think outside the box and tackle our city’s high cost of living problem.” To address the strain on L.A.’s limited housing supply, the report recommends examining successful employer-sponsored housing projects, such as the LAUSD affordable housing apartments completed in 2016. It also makes a strong case for investing in higher-density housing at a range of prices near key transit centers. Other recommendations include: reducing parking requirements for new development, identifying single-story buildings that could be modified to support housing, exploring innovative transportation solutions, and encouraging employers to engage with community and government groups around housing construction projects that could benefit their workers. “This report provides compelling evidence for the need of well-designed, affordable homes connected to quality transportation, education and jobs,” said Jacqueline Waggoner, Vice President and Southern California market leader of Enterprise Community Partners, Inc. “The burden of high housing costs not only impacts our quality of life, it threatens our economic foundation. With affordably-priced homes, employers will have a greater ability to recruit senior employees and retain current employees at all levels. ” The problem is not unique to Los Angeles— nearly every metropolitan area is burdened by high housing costs. According to the report, nationwide, over 10 million households pay more than half their income in housing costs. Besides impacting employers’ bottom lines, housing costs negatively affect employee’s satisfaction and productivity. Pushed out of housing markets closer to jobs, workers have to undergo long and taxing commutes. Nearly every employer surveyed reported that more than 25% of their employees spent more than 90 minutes getting to and from work. “This is further evidence that L.A.’s housing crisis is dire, and provides more reasons for business, civic, and community groups to work together to tackle this serious problem,” said Erin Rank, President and CEO of Habitat for Humanity of Greater Los Angeles. While the negative impact of high housing costs on lower and middle-income families has been long studied, this report is one of the first to look at housing costs from an employer perspective. “This report should be seen as a call to action,” said Ann Sewill, Vice President, Housing and Economic Opportunity, of California Community Foundation. “We need to do all that we can to increase people’s access to affordable housing by incentivizing new affordable housing and preserving existing stock.” The Los Angeles Business Council and USC conducted the study in partnership with JPMorgan Chase, California Community Foundation, Enterprise Community Partners, Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and Habitat for Humanity. The report is a follow-up to LABC’s influential Los Angeles Employer Assisted Housing Handbook released in 2009. About the LABC Institute The LABC Institute is a forward-thinking research and education organization dedicated to strengthening the sustainable economy of California, particularly the Southern California region. Founded in 2010, the LABC Institute provides a bridge between the business, government, environmental, labor and nonprofit communities of Southern California to develop policies and programs that promote investment, jobs and business development. We are the research and education arm of the Los Angeles Business Council, one of the most respected business advocacy organizations in Southern California. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170411006328/en/ SOURCE: Los Angeles Business Council for LABC Institute Molly Hogin, 310-974-6680 molly@sugermangroup.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular United’s stock falls 1.1%, wipes out $255 million off the airline’s market cap Trump declines to endorse Bannon, says U.S. ‘not going into Syria’ Warren Buffett’s big bet on United Airlines could be costing him millions These airlines bump the most passengers involuntarily (United isn’t No. 1) Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg China's Bargain Bank Stocks Miss Out on Rally by Sofia Horta E Costa @SofiaHC1 More stories by Sofia Horta E Costa April 11, 2017, 4:00 PM EDT April 11, 2017, 9:56 PM EDT Tech, consumer shares favored as deleveraging hits lenders While GAM avoids banks, Citi says credit angst is overplayed Not even the cheapest shares in 13 years can lure investors to China’s banks. On a price versus book value basis, Chinese financial firms are trading at the biggest discount since 2004 to both the MSCI China Index and their Asian peers. The stocks have underperformed all but two other industry groups this year, dropping to an almost nine-week low on Wednesday. While that’s spurred bullish calls from strategists and analysts alike, investors aren’t biting. Banks are being left on the shelf, even as a surge in Chinese equities triggers a round of bargain hunting, with stocks linked to old drivers of growth in Asia’s largest economy enjoying gains. At the heart of investors’ reluctance to embrace bank shares is the country’s deleveraging campaign. China is tightening conditions in money markets to rein in a record debt pile built up after the global financial crisis. Higher funding costs will squeeze bank profitability, Fitch Ratings said last week, and there are recurring concerns over lenders’ balance sheets. Bloomberg Intelligence says China’s bad loan woes will linger -- read more here. “There’s kind-of a cap on valuations for financials,” said Jian Shi Cortesi, a fund manager in Zurich at GAM Investment Management, which oversees the equivalent of about $120 billion. “It’s rare that they trade above one times book value these days, and when they do, their shares tend to come down again.” While the MSCI China Financials Index nudged above the value of its members’ assets last month, the price-to-book ratio has fallen back below one, where its been for most of the past year. Financials -- which make up about a quarter of the overall MSCI China gauge -- are still the fourth-highest rated by analysts, beating health-care shares, energy producers and property companies, among others, Bloomberg data show. Tech shares are the highest rated. Consumer Play “Other sectors will do even better if we have a broad-based economic recovery,” said Cortesi, whose China stock fund has beaten 95 percent of its peers in 2017. JPMorgan Asset Management and Pictet Asset Management are singing a similar tune, sticking to consumer shares which are valued about 10 times the price-to-book ratio of financial stocks, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. All three firms like technology, which legendary emerging-market investor Mark Mobius has blamed for making the offshore Chinese equity market too expensive. “The worry for the banks has always been the belief of their ‘true’ book value,” Pictet’s James Kenney said from London. “We see more compelling ideas in stocks benefiting from structural or cyclical growth.” Read more on the outlook for China’s economy here. Pictet’s $150 million China equity fund holds fewer bank stocks than are represented in the MSCI China, instead favoring technology and communications-sector shares, which trade at 9.7 times and 2.6 times book value, respectively. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Earnings for Chinese financial stocks will contract for a second straight year, according to analysts’ estimates compiled by Bloomberg, running counter to the wider market, which is projected to see the biggest recovery in profit growth since 2010, the data show. Policy makers will probably be stricter on deleveraging than investors expect, which will weigh on earnings, Nomura Holdings Inc. strategists led by Wendy Liu said in a report this month. Credit Suisse Group AG, however, is in the bullish camp. The earnings outlook for Chinese banks is improving steadily, say Asia-based strategists Sakthi Siva and Kin Nang Chik, who are overweight the sector. The gap between Chinese banks’ valuations and their profitability -- as measured by return on equity -- is the highest among lenders in the Asia Pacific region, the strategists said in an April 4 note. For Jason Sun, Citigroup Inc.’s chief China strategist, the concerns over banks’ balance sheets is overblown. He’s also overweight, saying two banks -- China Everbright Ltd. and Agricultural Bank of China Ltd. -- provide some of the biggest dividend yields in the MSCI China, according to a recent note. That’s not enough for Tai Hui, chief Asia market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Hong Kong. He tells clients to focus on companies exposed to the consumer. “Chinese banks are a good tactical play for investors looking for yield -- but there are better ways to get your capital gains in the long-term,” he said. “They’re cheap because investors are pricing in the risk of credit deterioration, and my worry is that profits won’t come through.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Issues Experts Newsletters & Trading Services Login How Come Nobody Wants to Borrow Money? Posted on April 11, 2017 by Brad Hoppmann You’ve heard the expression, "beg, steal or borrow." Well, I don’t know about begging or stealing. But when it comes to borrowing, things are going slow. That’s the conclusion drawn in the Wall Street Journal today. It cited the latest lending data from the Federal Reserve by commercial banks. During Q1, total loans and leases extended by commercial banks in the U.S. were up just 3.8% from a year earlier. (As of March 29.) That compares with 6.4% growth in all of 2016, and 7.6% year-over-year growth as of late October. Moreover, loans to businesses have slowed significantly. The latest data shows commercial and industrial loans up just 2.8% from a year earlier, compared with 8.9% growth in late October. Here’s how the WSJ sums it up: The slowdown is more surprising given the rise in business and consumer confidence since the election. And it is worrisome because the lack of business investment is considered an important reason why economic growth has remained weak. Indeed, the rising optimism in the economy that’s been reflected in survey data is something that’s helped drive the price of equities higher since the election of President Trump. Yet the data on lending since November has been on a different trajectory. The chart here of U.S. commercial bank loans and leases shows a distinct downturn, just after a brief post-election spike. Then that trend has basically gone down since, with a big decline in March. Now, there are a lot of theories about why this is happening. And the WSJ article covers some of the potential reasons. One theory is that companies have been going to corporate bond markets to lock in low interest rates in order to pay down more-expensive bank debt. The article cites the 18% rise in corporate bond issuance in Q1, as reported by the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, as support. Another theory is that economics in the oil industry are very different this year vs. last year. Recall that in Q1 2016, many oil companies used bank lines of credit for financing, as oil prices were falling sharply. In Q1 2017, however, oil prices were higher, and those same companies are paying back those bank lines (i.e. not borrowing). To me, the likelier explanation at the root of the borrowing slowdown is political uncertainty. While we have seen consumer confidence and business sentiment trend higher since Election Day, those metrics are "soft" data. When it comes to the actual, "hard" data, the numbers just aren’t there. In other words, there is a disconnect between attitudes and actions … and that is being reflected in the lending data. *** Here’s how the WSJ puts it: Consumers and businesses may express greater confidence since the election, but many might still hesitate to take out big-ticket loans to fund new projects until they have greater clarity on the outlook for tax, trade and healthcare policy. It’s this hesitation due to political uncertainty that I suspect has tamped-down lending. But just how much that hesitation will translate to the bottom line of banks in Q1 is what we need to find out next. Fortunately, we will start to discover some answers as early as Thursday morning. That’s when some of the biggest banks — Citibank (C), JPMorgan (JPM), PNC Financial Services (PNC) and Wells Fargo (WFC) report earnings. Citi, JPM, PNC and Wells are sitting on double-digit gains post-election. For the current rally in markets to get a boost, and particularly the recently ailing bank stocks, we will need to see strong numbers from these stalwarts. We’ll also need to see upbeat commentary from management about the current climate, and about the outlook for the next several quarters. If things start to look sketchy, then look out below. *** As for something that’s looking up, our resident small-cap mining expert Sean Brodrick says that not only was gold knocking on heaven’s door today … but it kicked that door in! Here’s Sean with the details … Mining for Money Gold is Knock-Knock-Knockin’ on Heaven’s Door By Sean Brodrick Gold has been knockin’ on overhead resistance for weeks now. As I write this, I don’t know how the day will end. But it sure looks like a breakout in the making. Here’s an updated version of the chart I showed you last week in my column, "Maps to Treasure Island." Permalink In this chart, I’ve added today’s action on the far right. Gold touched $1,275 this morning. Meanwhile, you can see gold’s uptrend and the overhead resistance that held it in place. Oh, how gold has wanted to trade above $1,260 for so long. KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK! But each time, the bears have been able to bar the door and turn back the metal’s surge. On Friday, gold tried to rally bigly. But the bears came in and sold the metal back down again. Still, the trading volume painted a very bullish picture. You might say the volume looks like gold gave bears the finger. On Monday, the bears tried to follow through and sell off gold deeper. And it dipped. But the bears got nowhere. And bearish volume was tepid. Then today, Tuesday, we got bullish follow-through. BOOM! Gold not only knocked on heaven’s door, with apologies to Bob Dylan, it kicked the door in. So what’s behind this move? I mean, besides Peak Gold, investor demand, a new big bull gold cycle, and all the things I’ve been pounding the table about for weeks. You can thank President Trump. See, President Trump already gave the world jitters by launching cruise missiles at Syria. Did I say jitters? It was a presidential load of righteous fury delivered by 59 Tomahawks screaming across the sky. It made some investors more nervous than a 9-tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs. That’s what sparked gold’s bullish move on Friday … before the bears put a lid on it. This week, President Trump thinks North Korea is a problem. And he’s willing to solve that problem, with or without China. North Korea is a nuclear power. You can see how this makes investors around the globe nervous. And when investors get nervous, they run for gold. The gold-plated question is, will this rally last? I expect when the North Korea situation is resolved, one way or another, that will spark profit-taking in gold. That’s why I’m not buying the metal today. But profit-taking could be brief. That big uptrend remains in place. So if and when we get profit-taking, that will be our next buying opportunity. And if the door to heaven remains open, gold is done knockin’. There’s no telling how high it will go. All the best, Sean *** I want to know what you think, so if you have a comment or question about today’s Afternoon Edition topic, or any of the topics we cover, just leave me a comment on our website or send me an e-mail. *** The Dow was down more than 100 points in early trade today. Traders tried to gauge geopolitical threats from the likes of Russia (with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson visiting Moscow), North Korea (which warned of "catastrophic consequences" if the U.S. makes a move against it) and Syria (post-chemical attacks and missile strikes). But by late Tuesday, stocks rallied back to just below breakeven. • Gold gained $20 per troy ounce, as nervous traders gave it a 1.6% bump. • United’s quarter-billion-dollar problem: United Continental (UAL) fell 1.1% after yesterday’s incident on Flight 3411. This translated into a lost $250 million in market cap. • Buffett’s other airlines got a big bump, though: The world’s most-famous investor famously loaded up on airlines recently. But UAL’s loss was American’s (AAL, +3.8%), Delta’s (DAL, +1.5%) and Southwest’s (LUV, +0.7%) gain. • Brazil’s third-largest airline went public today. JetBlue founder David Neeleman launched Azul (AZUL) in 2008. • Retailer recession? There were nine retailer bankruptcies in calendar-year 2016 … but nine in Q1 2017 alone. Payless Shoes, HHGregg, BCBG Max Azria, Wet Seal and Limited Stores were among those to file for Chapter 11 protection so far this year. At this pace, 2017 could see the highest number since 2009, when 23 companies went out of business. Good luck and happy investing, Brad Hoppmann Publisher Uncommon Wisdom Daily Your thoughts on “How Come Nobody Wants to Borrow Money?” Jo says: April 12, 2017 at 1:22 am Why is nobody borrowing? I wish I could refinance and take some money out but the banks make their offers so expensive that it is not worth it. There are other reasons, too. We barely visit a restaurant because the food is not really good for a health conscious person. As retirees we do not purchase much any more. Our travels go to other countries which are much more interesting than the US. So no matter what economists figure, if people have no money or see no good reason to spend any they just do not borrow. Furthermore, people are scared that they will run of money once robots take over their jobs and the Republicans eliminate the safety net completely. Reply m3jonny says: April 11, 2017 at 11:09 pm Well in my opinion, Millennials are strapped with student debt, their parents and grandparents have also helped with these costs at the expense of their retirement readiness. Wage gains are still minimal and while rents have kept pace with drugs and health care disposable income has not. Retailers are in a tizzy about lack of floor traffic and shoppers. Car sales have declined by about 10% annualized since the election and even though Fed rate is still only .75-1.00% most credit cards are averaging nearly 10% or more so why borrow? For me personally, I’ve tried for 3-4 years to expand my business floor space (I’m light Industrial) and the local City Govt. is full of wanna-bees that just keep finding reasons for me to spend more on redundant “water run-off studies’ and over Engineered structures for a maintenance equipment storage building. I am wasting production space storing mowers and snow removal equipment rather than buying a CNC turning center which I could use. If I were a housing developer they would;d be offering to give me tax abatement and co-op certain infrastructure costs. But since I am an captive existing business all they do is impede progress. I think the only option is to find some palm grease. Best to all. Reply Billy says: April 11, 2017 at 10:21 pm HI Brad, I think you missed not only what Jim Westphal mentions above, that is MASSIVE consumer and business DEBT but also a major major major component of capital market forecasting and that is…………DEMOGRAPHICS!! I would NOT make the correlation between someone feeling optimistic and spending of money, NOT when you have the massive retirement of baby boomers underway, they are NOT spending money, in fact, they may be very happy that they are PAYING DOWN DEBT and LOANS as a means for their optimism, just the OPPOSITE of what you are mentioning!. Reply F151 says: April 11, 2017 at 7:26 pm Fear of borrowing is not a good sign for the future of the economy or the market. I suspect we might have some more downside in the next many weeks…..followed by one last (long term) top by summer or early fall. Reply jim westphal says: April 11, 2017 at 6:17 pm I think you are at least partly right about why nobody wants to borrow money, but I think that you are ignoring a big part of it. Everyone talks about our huge $20 trillion national debt, but nobody seems to talk about our total U.S. debt of $68 trillion. This is 350% of GDP. I simply think that this country is in so much debt that people are finding it hard to borrow more money. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Brad Hoppmann Brad Hoppmann originally grew up in Florida, but has lived in Baltimore, Charlotte and New York as well throughout his career. Always an athlete, he played varsity football and water polo at the University of Florida and received All-SEC/SCC honors. → Recently by Brad Hoppmann 11 Apr How Come Nobody Wants to Borrow Money? 10 Apr Cooling the Waters on a China Trade War 08 Apr The secret to stopping your cold with vitamin C 07 Apr A Big Week of Big News, But Markets Mostly Yawn Weiss Research Contact Us Uncommon Wisdom Daily 4400 Northcorp Parkway Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 Copyright © 2017 Uncommon Wisdom Daily | Contact | Privacy | Terms | Advertising
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Hawaiian Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Hawaiian Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Citigroup Inc U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) Receives “Overweight” Rating from Simmons eBay Inc (EBAY) Rating Reiterated by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Brokerages Anticipate Royal Dutch Shell plc (RDS.A) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $0.00 Grand Canyon Education Inc (LOPE) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $244.64 Million Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Effect Broadcom (BRCM) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Bristow Group (BRS) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Peabody Energy (BTU) Share Price Fastenal Company to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.32 (FAST) Cache (CACH) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Investors Buy Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) on Weakness Following Insider Selling 2,816 Shares in Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Acquired by Home Federal Bank of Tennessee TRACON Pharmaceuticals Inc (TCON) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.47 Per Share Resonant (RESN) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of -0.06 Praxair (PX) Getting Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Report Finds Laurel Grove Capital LLC Has $814,000 Stake in Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) 11,285 Shares in CBS Co. (CBS) Acquired by Murphy Capital Management Inc. Unilever plc (UL) Stake Increased by Murphy Capital Management Inc. Murphy Capital Management Inc. Purchases 2,400 Shares of salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Murphy Capital Management Inc. Reduces Stake in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Citigroup Inc April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet First Hawaiian Inc (NYSE:FHB)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Citigroup Inc in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. They presently have a $32.00 target price on the stock, down from their prior target price of $36.00. Citigroup Inc’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 9.93% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded First Hawaiian from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Barclays PLC set a $35.00 target price on First Hawaiian and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $29.55. First Hawaiian (NYSE:FHB) traded up 0.45% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $29.11. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 247,348 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $30.71 and its 200-day moving average is $30.63. First Hawaiian has a 12 month low of $23.00 and a 12 month high of $35.47. The stock has a market cap of $4.06 billion and a PE ratio of 17.64. First Hawaiian (NYSE:FHB) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.40 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.39 by $0.01. The business earned $131.25 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $139 million. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.36 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that First Hawaiian will post $1.65 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/first-hawaiian-inc-fhb-receives-neutral-rating-from-citigroup-inc.html. In other First Hawaiian news, Director Paribas Bnp sold 25,000,000 shares of First Hawaiian stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.00, for a total value of $800,000,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Capital Research Global Investors purchased a new stake in First Hawaiian during the third quarter valued at approximately $59,987,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. purchased a new stake in First Hawaiian during the third quarter valued at approximately $39,070,000. Governors Lane LP purchased a new stake in First Hawaiian during the third quarter valued at approximately $33,733,000. Perkins Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in First Hawaiian during the third quarter valued at approximately $19,278,000. Finally, The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new stake in First Hawaiian during the third quarter valued at approximately $13,481,000. First Hawaiian Company Profile First Hawaiian, Inc is a bank holding company. The Company’s subsidiary, First Hawaiian Bank, is a financial institution. The Company’s Retail Banking segment serves retail customers and small businesses and offers a range of products and services that include deposit products, mortgage and home equity lending, auto financing, business loans and wealth management services. Receive News & Ratings for First Hawaiian Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Hawaiian Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Unilever plc (UL) Stake Increased by Murphy Capital Management Inc. Murphy Capital Management Inc. Purchases 2,400 Shares of salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Murphy Capital Management Inc. Reduces Stake in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Legacy Private Trust Co. Reduces Position in Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Dena Co Ltd (DNACF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” $72.98 Million in Sales Expected for The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) This Quarter Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on Goldcorp (GG) Legacy Private Trust Co. Sells 39,594 Shares of Apache Co. (APA) Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Position Cut by Legacy Private Trust Co. Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Increases Position in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) CME Group Inc (CME) Position Maintained by Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Legacy Private Trust Co. Sells 1,634 Shares of Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) SOL Capital Management CO Has $855,000 Stake in eBay Inc (EBAY) SOL Capital Management CO Cuts Stake in Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Toyota Motor Corp (TM) Stake Held by SOL Capital Management CO SOL Capital Management CO Has $742,000 Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Time Warner (TWX) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.42 Terreno Realty (TRNO) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.05 Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Hold Rating for Edison International (EIX) Murphy Capital Management Inc. Reduces Stake in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Murphy Capital Management Inc. lowered its stake in AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) by 0.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 16,400 shares of the company’s stock after selling 100 shares during the period. Murphy Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in AFLAC were worth $1,187,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of AFL. GWM Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 37.2% in the third quarter. GWM Advisors LLC now owns 8,517 shares of the company’s stock valued at $609,000 after buying an additional 2,309 shares in the last quarter. QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd bought a new stake in shares of AFLAC during the third quarter valued at about $230,000. Leavell Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 2.4% in the third quarter. Leavell Investment Management Inc. now owns 64,066 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,604,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Moreno Evelyn V increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 62.3% in the third quarter. Moreno Evelyn V now owns 51,149 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,416,000 after buying an additional 19,641 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Watch Point Trust Co increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 1.6% in the third quarter. Watch Point Trust Co now owns 7,465 shares of the company’s stock valued at $537,000 after buying an additional 120 shares in the last quarter. 62.45% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) traded up 0.27% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $73.75. 1,899,019 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $29.61 billion, a PE ratio of 11.49 and a beta of 1.01. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $72.17 and its 200 day moving average is $70.80. AFLAC Incorporated has a 52 week low of $64.08 and a 52 week high of $74.50. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.09. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. The firm earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.65 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $1.56 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.41 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/murphy-capital-management-inc-reduces-stake-in-aflac-incorporated-afl.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on AFL shares. Evercore ISI raised shares of AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Citigroup Inc began coverage on shares of AFLAC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 target price for the company. Royal Bank of Canada decreased their target price on shares of AFLAC from $65.00 to $62.00 and set an “underperform” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of AFLAC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $71.71 to $75.00 in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $72.61. In other news, insider Audrey B. Tillman sold 900 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.96, for a total value of $64,764.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 31,185 shares in the company, valued at $2,244,072.60. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Karole Lloyd bought 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $68.42 per share, for a total transaction of $136,840.00. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 4,441 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $303,853.22. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders sold 52,630 shares of company stock worth $3,760,333 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. AFLAC Company Profile Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AFL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL). Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Edison International - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Hold Rating for Edison International (EIX) Investors Buy High Volume of Put Options on JD.Com (JD) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Now Covered by Craig Hallum Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Coverage Initiated at Stifel Nicolaus P.R. Herzig & Co. Inc. Has $1.372 Million Stake in PTC Inc (PTC) AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Shares Sold by Univest Corp of Pennsylvania Univest Corp of Pennsylvania Has $2.45 Million Stake in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) BofI Holding (BOFI) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.23 Barnes & Noble (BKS) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.36 BBVA Banco Frances (BFR) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.44 Hertz Global Holdings Inc to Post Q4 2018 Earnings of $0.46 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (HRI) Zacks: Soco International (SOCLF) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages IMI Plc (IMIAY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Exponent, Inc. (EXPO) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $78.86 Million AeroVironment (AVAV) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Yamana Gold (AUY) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.27 Aurinia Pharmaceuticals (AUPH) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Jefferies Group Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Hold Rating for Edison International (EIX) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Edison International (NYSE:EIX)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a $81.00 price objective on the stock, up from their previous price objective of $79.00. Deutsche Bank AG’s price target suggests a potential upside of 1.26% from the company’s current price. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $84.00 target price on shares of Edison International in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Evercore ISI raised shares of Edison International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $76.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Edison International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $81.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Barclays PLC raised their target price on shares of Edison International from $73.00 to $77.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $79.41. Shares of Edison International (NYSE:EIX) traded down 0.11% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $79.99. 1,318,106 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $26.06 billion, a PE ratio of 20.12 and a beta of 0.15. Edison International has a 12 month low of $67.44 and a 12 month high of $81.33. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $79.40 and its 200-day moving average price is $73.53. Edison International (NYSE:EIX) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The company reported $1.02 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.07. The company earned $2.88 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.40 billion. Edison International had a net margin of 8.80% and a return on equity of 9.59%. Edison International’s quarterly revenue was up 23.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.88 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Edison International will post $4.14 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.5425 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $2.17 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.71%. Edison International’s payout ratio is currently 80.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Hold Rating for Edison International (EIX)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/deutsche-bank-ag-reaffirms-hold-rating-for-edison-international-eix.html. In other Edison International news, Director Vanessa C. L. Chang sold 2,500 shares of Edison International stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.03, for a total value of $197,575.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 2,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $197,575. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Gaddi H. Vasquez sold 3,657 shares of Edison International stock in a transaction on Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.00, for a total transaction of $292,560.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 7,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $597,280. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 32,192 shares of company stock valued at $2,433,387 over the last three months. Corporate insiders own 1.51% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Edison International during the fourth quarter valued at about $300,299,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in Edison International by 14.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 11,220,099 shares of the company’s stock valued at $810,652,000 after buying an additional 1,403,621 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Edison International by 8.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,550,763 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,268,042,000 after buying an additional 1,327,608 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Edison International during the fourth quarter valued at about $87,078,000. Finally, FIL Ltd raised its stake in Edison International by 144.5% in the fourth quarter. FIL Ltd now owns 2,031,339 shares of the company’s stock valued at $146,236,000 after buying an additional 1,200,526 shares during the period. 81.30% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Edison International Company Profile Edison International is the holding company of Southern California Edison Company (SCE). As of December 31, 2016, SCE, a public utility, was primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of southern California. The Company is also the parent company of Edison Energy Group, Inc (Edison Energy Group), a holding company for subsidiaries engaged in pursuing competitive business opportunities across energy services and distributed solar to commercial and industrial customers. Receive News & Ratings for Edison International Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Major Averages Close Modestly Lower But Well Off Worst Levels - U.S. Commentary 4/11/2017 4:18 PM ET After coming under pressure early in the session, stocks regained some ground but remained mostly in negative territory. The pullback on the day came on the heels of the modest uptick seen in the previous session. The major averages ended the day modestly lower but well off their worst levels of the day. The Dow edged down 6.72 points or less than a tenth of a percent to 20,651.30, the Nasdaq dipped 14.15 points or 0.2 percent to 5,866.77 and the S&P 500 slipped 3.38 points or 0.1 percent to 2,353.78. The weakness on Wall Street partly reflected geopolitical concerns on the heels of President Donald Trump's decision to launch a missile strike at an airbase in Syria. Trump also lashed out at North Korea on Twitter on Tuesday, urging China to do more to rein in its communist neighbor. "I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!" Trump tweeted. He added, "North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A." The tweets from Trump come following his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida last week. Trading activity remained somewhat subdued, however, with a lack of major U.S. economic data keeping some traders on the sidelines. The economic calendar for the week starts off relatively quiet but picks up in the coming days, including with the release of some key data while the markets are closed on Friday. Reports on retail sales, producer and consumer prices, and import and export prices may attract attention later this week. On the earnings front, financial giants Citigroup (C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC) are due to report their quarterly results next Thursday. Telecom stocks showed a significant move to the downside, dragging the NYSE Arca Telecom Index down by 1.2 percent. With the drop, the index fell to its lowest closing level in two months. Semiconductor and trucking stocks also saw notable weakness, while gold stocks rallied amid an increase by the price of the precious metal. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Tuesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index fell by 0.3 percent, while China's Shanghai Composite Index climbed by 0.6 percent. The major European markets also ended the day mixed. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index rose by 0.2 percent, the French CAC 40 Index edged down by 0.1 percent and the German DAX Index fell by 0.5 percent. In the bond market, treasuries showed a strong move to the upside, benefiting from their appeal as a safe haven. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, slid 6.8 basis points to 2.298 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Unhappy Campers: The 10 Most Miserable Nations on Earth Feeling Groovy: The 10 Countries With the Best Health Care The Ten Largest Economies In Africa Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories European Shares Seen Flat To Higher China Inflation Rises Slightly; Producer Price Inflation Moderates Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Risk Aversion FDA Approves 1st Drug For Tardive Dyskinesia, AGRX On Track, ITEK, AZRX On Watch Gainers & Losers Of Apr.11: WINT, GNCA, MESO, CYTX, ENDP... Obama To Speak On Democracy In Germany Next Month Stocks Remain Mostly Negative In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Alabama Governor Robert Bentley Quits Over Sex Scandal, Kay Ivey Replaces Him Google Details Pay Methodology To Answer Charges Of Gender Discrimination Stocks Move Mostly Lower Amid Geopolitical Concerns - U.S. Commentary Trump: North Korea Is Looking For Trouble United Airlines CEO Says Deplaned Passenger Was "disruptive And Belligerent" Stocks May Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Colson Whitehead Wins Pulitzer For 'The Underground Railroad' FCC Looks To Keep In-Flight Call Ban <<Previous        46 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Google Details Pay Methodology To Answer Charges Of Gender Discrimination United Airlines CEO Says Deplaned Passenger Was "disruptive And Belligerent" FCC Looks To Keep In-Flight Call Ban AMC Revamps Menu To Include More Meal Items Starbucks Testing Lunch Menu In Chicago Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Victoria Beckham Clothing Line Debuts At Target Airlines Improving Flying Experience, Study Shows Barclays To Reprimand CEO Staley On Whistleblowing Case; FCA, PRA To Investigate FCC Reportedly Fast-Tracking Roll Back Of Net Neutrality Lyft Raises Another $500 Mln In Funding Rue21 Could Be Next Retail Bankruptcy ACHN Awaits PNH Data, Avita Gears Up For PMA Filing, SSKN Effects Reverse Split Company Spotlight: Akari Therapeutics AKRX Confirms Acquisition Talks, CBIO Plunges, Be All Ears For GERN AbbVie: Data Shows Elagolix Reduces Menstrual Bleeding In Phase 2b Trial Gainers & Losers Of Apr.10: CYTX, AXON, GERN, OMED, TXMD... Rue21 Could Be Next Retail Bankruptcy AXON Names New CEO, ANTH Awaits Data In Q3, Nicox Gets 2nd Chance From FDA Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Riding High: Gaia Gainers & Losers Of Apr.11: WINT, GNCA, MESO, CYTX, ENDP... Capgemini To Acquire North American Operations Of Ciber For $50 Mln Germany's Fresenius Confirms Talks To Buy Generic Drugmaker Akorn Riding High: Gaia Manulife Real Estate Buys 8 Cross Street In Singapore Sussex Bancorp To Acquire Community Bank Of Bergen In All-stock Deal PPG Acquires 40% Ownership Interest In Taiwan Chlorine Industries Mastercard Gets UK Regulatory Approval To Acquire VocaLink - Quick Facts Whole Foods Market Store In Dedham Recalls Yogurt And Granola Parfaits FOX News Appoints Amy Listerman As CFO Tesco's Deferred Prosecution Agreement With UK SFO Approved Xcerra To Be Acquired For About $580 Mln By Unic Capital Management Google Reportedly Denies Labor Department's Pay Disparity Allegations PriceSmart Remains Under Pressure In Afternoon Trading Ruby Tuesday Falls Sharply After Reporting Q3 Loss Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Trump administration US immigration Inside Rural America Fake news Islamic State Who owns the world? Tracing half the corporate giants’ shares to 30 owners April 11, 2017 4.14pm EDT BlackRock Inc is relatively unknown outside financial circles, but it owns the largest share in the biggest 299 companies in the world. Edward Munoz/Reuters Who owns the world? Tracing half the corporate giants’ shares to 30 owners April 11, 2017 4.14pm EDT David Peetz and Georgina Murray Authors David Peetz Professor of Employment Relations, Griffith University Georgina Murray Associate Professor in Humanities, Griffith University Disclosure statement David Peetz receives funding from the Australian Research Council. Georgina Murray has received funding from the Australian Research Council. Partners Griffith University provides funding as a member of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. BlackRock Inc is relatively unknown outside financial circles, but it owns the largest share in the biggest 299 companies in the world. Edward Munoz/Reuters Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger When people say share ownership is highly diversified, they think most large public corporations have lots of shareholders – and often the largest shareholder has less than 15%, sometimes less than 5%, of the total shareholdings. But looking at it this way obscures the concentration that is taking place. The same organisations – usually finance capital, rarely families or individuals – own these public companies. We (David and Georgina) first researched this in 2009, and we’ve since found that the trend is of increasing concentration in several countries over three decades. When one organisation alone controls more than 6% of shares in very large global corporations, and 30 control more than half of all shares in these corporations, that signifies very high concentration. Our 2009 study found that various forms of financial capital controlled the great majority (68.4%) of shares in the world’s very large corporations. Individuals or families held only a minimal proportion (3.3%), and industrial companies held relatively little. Banks were the most common specific type of individual or organisation that controlled the shareholdings in very large corporations. Levels of concentration Our study used a database of shareholdings in the 299 largest publicly-listed global corporations from the Bureau van Dijk global database of corporations, OSIRIS. This database combined information from around 100 sources and covers nearly 63,000 companies worldwide. In some cases, the true ownership of shares is hidden by the use of “nominee” or “depository” organisations. These vary in significance and legal treatment between jurisdictions. They include such entities as as Clearstream and Euroclear in Europe, the Depository Trust Corporation in the US, Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Nominees in Hong Kong (which makes it to our list of the top-30 private shareholders), the Canadian Depository for Securities (which would be the second-largest shareholder in that country), and a variety of bank nominees in Australia – where nominee shareholdings are unusually important, accounting for half of significant Australian shareholdings in 2009-10. The nominee normally is not exercising its own discretion in investment decisions. Rather, the – often-secret – beneficial owner of the shares exercises decision-making power and control. This is quite different to the funds managers who dominate in our analysis and who mobilise money owned by other people and make investment decisions on their behalf. Broadly speaking, nominee holdings make little difference to the global picture presented here. US-based very large corporations accounted for 29% of companies in our database. By region, Europe (mostly the UK, France and Germany) accounted for 37% of companies. This was greater than the share of the Americas (32%) and Asia (including Japan, Korea, China, the Middle East and Australia), at 30%. The largest 30 shareholders (out of more than 2,100 share controllers) owned or controlled some 51.4% of the assets of the 299 companies. This is a significant concentration of resources and power – 1.5% of shareholders controlling 51% of shares. These 30 shareholders were made up of 21 private-sector shareholders and nine public-sector (that is, government-owned) shareholders. Nine government agencies between them account for 17% of the assets of the 299 very large corporations. Importantly, one company that is relatively unknown outside financial circles, BlackRock Inc, held or controlled 6.1% of the assets of the 299 companies (around US$3 trillion) in 2009. It is a US financial company, mostly a “fund manager”, with offices in 30 countries and about 8,400 employees. BlackRock, as a fund manager, mobilises other people’s money to buy and control shares in the many companies in which it has a stake. So it exercises control of shares principally through the funds it manages rather than through buying shares for itself. More than 85% of its share ownership was via funds it controls. BlackRock was the largest share controller not only internationally but also among Canadian, German, Italian and American very large corporations. The next-largest private shareholders were AXA, (3.4%), JP Morgan Chase (3%) and Capital Group (2.5%). The governments of the UK (4.7% in 2009, having “rescued” ailing banks in the global financial crisis, but now lower) and China (4.5%) were also large share controllers. And through its sovereign wealth fund, the Norwegian government controlled 1.2% of shares in very large corporations. Six of the top ten private shareholders were based in, or at least originated from, the US, as did ten of the top 21. Three of the top ten were based in France, and one in the UK. All of the top ten were financial institutions of one type or another: banks, financial companies, insurance companies, or mutual and pension funds or trusts. The top eight shareholders each held shares in more than half of the top 299 corporations. So, their potential influence was spread across a very wide range of corporations. Eighteen of the top 21 shareholders each held shares in at least 100 very large corporations. Different patterns of share control We observed various distinct patterns of share control by looking at three key indicators: the size of a shareholder’s holding in a company, as a proportion of the total value of that company’s shares; the number of companies in which a shareholder had the largest shareholding; and the number of companies in which a shareholder was among the top five shareholders. We refer to the second and third of these indicators as measures of share controller “precedence”. BlackRock and Capital Group were notable for having both wide influence (across many companies) and deep influence through high precedence – that is, they were often the top or the second-ranked shareholder. In 55% of its shareholdings, BlackRock was ranked among the top five. This was also the case for 45% of Capital Group’s shareholdings. Yet in no very large corporation did BlackRock have shareholdings above 15%. Capital Group had such share levels in only one case. Very few top private-sector share controllers aimed to (or perhaps could) secure shareholdings of 15% or higher. In 56% of very large corporations the top shareholding was less than 15%. In one in ten of these corporations the top-ranked shareholding was 5% or less. At the other extreme, several companies gave low priority to having precedence, and avoided proportionately large holdings altogether. Some 98-99% of the holdings of several European share controllers (such as BPCE and Societe Generale) were valued below 5% of the relevant very large corporation’s shares. Around 80% or more were valued below 1%. By implication, the European share controllers were potentially less activist in seeking to develop deep control in shareholdings. What are the implications? The global financial crisis displayed the consequences for the real economy of the financialisation of markets through the emergence of credit default swaps, derivatives and collateralised debt obligations. Less obvious is the financialisation of ownership. Finance capital doesn’t only lend money to corporations to expand. Its impacts on share prices signal the successes or failures of corporate management. Finance capital orders and owns the corporations. So, the distinction between finance capital and other types of capital (in particular industrial capital), while useful in some respects, is misleading in others. Ultimately, industrial capital is finance capital. If there was once a time when a few families and individuals owned large public corporations – and their personal values, quirks and preferences shaped the way those corporations behaved and dominated the world – that time has passed. Today the world is dominated by corporations that follow the logic of finance capital – the logic of money. Shares Shareholders Multinationals Wealth inequality Corporations corporate finance Public ownership Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter We produce knowledge-based, ethical journalism. Please donate and help us thrive. Tax deductible. Make a donation You might also like Réacteurs en activité, à venir, filières, producteurs… le nucléaire en graphiques BHP Billiton Chief Executive Officer Andrew Mackenzie didn’t get his incentive payments in 2016 after the Samarco disaster. Richard Wainwright/AAP Australia should compare CEO and average worker pay like the US and UK More than A$72 billion has been paid in dividends in 2016-17. AAP/Dean Lewins Three reasons businesses are paying higher dividends rather than investing The good news is the post-Brexit market movements in high-yielding currencies have been relatively benign. Jason Lee/Reuters Perfect storm of events could trigger the next financial crisis Most popular on The Conversation ‘Default’ choices have big impact, but how to make sure they’re used ethically? The unique strategy Netflix deployed to reach 90 million worldwide subscribers Healthy soil is the real key to feeding the world The Case for Christ: What’s the evidence for the resurrection? Who is a better ally for the US – Russia or China? Why can’t America just take out Assad? How Ayn Rand’s ‘elitism’ lives on in the Trump administration Want to eat fish that’s truly good for you? Here are some guidelines to reeling one in Melding mind and machine: How close are we? With new technology, mathematicians turn numbers into art Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 48,800 academics and researchers from 2,003 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Posted Apr. 11, 2017 at 12:10 p.m. Durham startup Envested raises $200,000, wants more Published: 2017-04-11 12:10:00 Updated: 2017-04-11 12:10:00 Post a comment Print this blog postE-mail blog post Envested By EMILY BRICE, NCBNW Tags: Startups, Venture & Innovation Durham, N.C. — Envested, a Durham-based startup, has raised $200,000 in a private stock offering, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. The company filed the Form D on April 11 and did not disclose what it intended to do with the proceeds. Envested would like to raise an additional $100,000. The company is owned and operated by Isa and David Watson. Before founding Envested in September 2015, Isa Watson was the vice president of strategy and business development at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Envested is a social network that facilitates employee’s engagement with causes they care about by streamlining information on volunteer and donation opportunities. Their dashboard allows members of companies to track fellow employee’s actions and receive cumulative data on the impact the entire company made. Companies relying on a Reg D exemption do not have to register their offering of securities with the SEC, but they must file what’s known as a Form D electronically with the SEC after they first sell their securities. Note: This story is from the North Carolina Business News Wire, a service of UNC-Chapel Hill’s School of Media and Journalism WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2017 The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. All rights reserved. Editor's Blog The latest blog posts from our WRAL TechWire and WRAL editors. Read more articles…         Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders    Apprenticeships: Building a work force, not a TV show    'From CEO to student:' Automated Insights' Robbie Allen   Joe Procopio: Why startup is like being an NFL QB    TechWire@15: A visit to the NC biotech graveyard Latest Tech News Google Fiber expands Triangle service to Brier Creek Google refutes charges, says there is no gender pay gap Epic Games bringing VR experiences to East Coast Game Conference (+ video) Hot Off The Wire Following WTW on social media: Like, track, link to us Staying in touch with WTW on social media: Like, track, link to us How to stay in touch with WTW on social media: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science Tech wrap: No in-flight cell calls; nabbing spam mastermind; 3 astronauts return; new cancer institute Tenax Therapeutics CEO resigns; firm reviews strategic alternatives WTW week in review: 61 headlines not to be missed, part three Venture & Innovation Durham startup Envested raises $200,000, wants more Laura Baverman: Fighting discriminatory policy with discourse at SXSW, Moogfest  Fundings: Coastal solar tech firm eyes $2.5M; SmartSky makes $109M raise official CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny  Lenovo topples Apple as No. 1 in Laptop Magazine rankings Pray Facebook's new AI Messenger (M) is better than auto correct  Lenovo server group rebounds in cloud IT sales; Cisco, NetApp surge; IBM slips  Vivek Wadhwa's evolution: From entrepreneur fighting VCs to academia to publishing 3 books  CED chair: Why Ravila Gupta is new CEO, challenges she, organization face  Exclusive: Meet CED's new chief executive officer CED names Umicore USA exec Ravila Gupta as chief executive officer  Tests find Lenovo, others overstate many laptops' battery life  Exclusive Q&A: Vivek Wadhwa talks 'amazing, scary' future in new book 'The Driver in the Driverless Car' WRAL TechWire to launch lifetime service awards with virtual Hall of Fame Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms New jobs Opinion Analysis PC industry Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News STEM news: Words matter when math teachers describe student learning  STEM study: Women trail in education, entrepreneurship, income  Two upcoming events focus on STEMpreneurs Copyright © 2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CNOOC Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Position Lowered by Private Capital Advisors Inc. CVR Energy, Inc. (CVI) Shares Sold by Private Capital Advisors Inc. Private Capital Advisors Inc. Has $886,000 Position in PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) First American Bank Decreases Position in Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Shares Bought by First American Bank Private Capital Advisors Inc. Lowers Position in Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) Private Capital Advisors Inc. Raises Stake in Blackstone Group LP (BX) Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc. (ADES) Upgraded by TheStreet to “B-“ Capitala Finance Corp (CPTA) Raised to “B-” at TheStreet Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” United Therapeutics (UTHR) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.06 Vermilion Energy (VET) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Identillect Technologies Corp (ID) Director Robert Mintak Purchases 75,000 Shares Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Director Trevor Haynes Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Comstock Holding Companies Inc (CHCI) Chairman Christopher Clemente Buys 25,000 Shares A.G. Barr plc (BAG) Insider Andrew Lewis Memmott Purchases 25 Shares of Stock Kempner Capital Management Inc. Purchases Shares of 51,440 Roche Holding Ltd. (RHHBY) National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Given a $58.00 Price Target at Scotiabank Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Rating Reiterated by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Position Raised by Kempner Capital Management Inc. CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Position Lowered by Private Capital Advisors Inc. April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Private Capital Advisors Inc. cut its position in CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO) by 18.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 18,792 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,320 shares during the period. Private Capital Advisors Inc.’s holdings in CNOOC were worth $2,251,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Harding Loevner LP increased its position in CNOOC by 2.9% in the first quarter. Harding Loevner LP now owns 2,164,022 shares of the company’s stock worth $259,250,000 after buying an additional 60,050 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in CNOOC by 47.7% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 38,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,723,000 after buying an additional 12,300 shares during the period. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its position in CNOOC by 2.9% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,609 shares of the company’s stock worth $202,000 after buying an additional 46 shares during the period. First Republic Investment Management Inc. increased its position in CNOOC by 5.1% in the fourth quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. now owns 3,842 shares of the company’s stock worth $476,000 after buying an additional 186 shares during the period. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its position in CNOOC by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 178,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $22,164,000 after buying an additional 2,200 shares during the period. 4.70% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO) traded down 1.38% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $120.34. 94,614 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market cap of $53.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 1203.40 and a beta of 0.98. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $118.65 and a 200 day moving average price of $125.47. CNOOC Ltd has a 52 week low of $112.32 and a 52 week high of $138.36. The business also recently disclosed a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be given a $2.961 dividend. This is a boost from CNOOC’s previous semiannual dividend of $1.55. This represents a yield of 4.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 6th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Position Lowered by Private Capital Advisors Inc.” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/cnooc-ltd-ceo-position-lowered-by-private-capital-advisors-inc.html. CEO has been the topic of several analyst reports. HSBC Holdings plc raised shares of CNOOC from a “reduce” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of CNOOC from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Macquarie raised shares of CNOOC from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Citigroup Inc raised shares of CNOOC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of CNOOC from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy”. CNOOC Company Profile CNOOC Limited is a Hong Kong-based investment holding company principally engaged in the exploration, production and trading of oil and gas. Its businesses include conventional oil and gas businesses, shale oil and gas businesses, oil sands businesses and other unconventional oil and gas businesses. The Company mainly operates through three segments. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CEO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO). Receive News & Ratings for CNOOC Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments People In Business: David Cabezas of KeyBank Print Email The Republican Business Desk By The Republican Business Desk The Republican on April 11, 2017 at 1:30 PM comments David Cabezas   NEW HAVEN, CT - KeyBank today announced that David Cabezas has joined the bank as Relationship Manager for its Connecticut and Western Massachusetts market. Cabezas has the responsibility for expanding and servicing Key's middle market client relationships in the region. He serves clients from Key's New Haven office and reports to market president Jeff L. Hubbard. "With over a decade of experience in cultivating relationships and helping clients achieve their goals, David is a welcomed addition to our team," said Hubbard. "He brings extensive business banking and management skills to the job, which we know our clients will find valuable." Prior to KeyBank, Cabezas served as Vice President of Small Business Banking at Bank of America. He also served as Relationship Manager and Assistant Vice President at JP Morgan Chase. "After working in the banking industry in Connecticut for nearly a decade, and before that New York, I've gained a wide range of business banking experience," said Cabezas. "I am excited about the opportunity to continue to assist Key's current customer base while establishing new relationships throughout the region." Cabezas attended Buffalo University and the City College of New York. He resides in Stratford, CT with his son Sebastian and his wife Laura. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive on YouTube Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Brixmor Property Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brixmor Property Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brixmor Property Group (BRX) Getting Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Rogers Co. (ROG) Upgraded by Sidoti to Buy Endonovo Therapeutics Inc (ENDV) Insider Michael Scott Mann Acquires 20,089,849 Shares of Stock Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for PriceSmart, Inc.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (PSMT) International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Telefonica Deutschland (O2D) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Celsion Co. (CLSN) Receives Buy Rating from Rodman & Renshaw Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Upgraded by Needham & Company LLC to “Buy” Webster Financial (WBS) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.37 Constellation Brands’ (STZ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Progressive Corp (PGR) Upgraded to Outperform by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Price Target Raised to $42.00 at Monness Crespi & Hardt Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) Now Covered by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc IMAX’s (IMAX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Masco Corp (MAS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Carpetright plc (CPR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies FireEye Inc (FEYE) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Canada Goose Holdings Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares (GOOS) Now Covered by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Brixmor Property Group (BRX) Getting Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Brixmor Property Group (NYSE:BRX) have been trending very positive recently, Alpha One reports. Alpha One, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Brixmor Property Group earned a daily sentiment score of 0.56 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news coverage about the real estate investment trust an impact score of 100 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Shares of Brixmor Property Group (NYSE:BRX) traded up 0.95% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $21.20. 1,155,733 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $21.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $24.17. The stock has a market capitalization of $6.45 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.27 and a beta of 0.54. Brixmor Property Group has a 12-month low of $20.62 and a 12-month high of $29.14. Brixmor Property Group (NYSE:BRX) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, February 13th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.31 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.20. The firm had revenue of $324 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $322.05 million. Brixmor Property Group had a net margin of 21.60% and a return on equity of 9.51%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.51 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that Brixmor Property Group will post $0.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, April 5th will be paid a dividend of $0.26 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, April 3rd. This represents a $1.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.95%. Brixmor Property Group’s dividend payout ratio is currently 114.29%. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on BRX shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Brixmor Property Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Barclays PLC cut their target price on shares of Brixmor Property Group from $28.00 to $24.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. SunTrust Banks, Inc. upgraded shares of Brixmor Property Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $27.00 target price for the company in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Brixmor Property Group from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $27.50 target price for the company in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus cut their target price on shares of Brixmor Property Group from $30.00 to $28.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $27.65. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Brixmor Property Group (BRX) Getting Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/brixmor-property-group-brx-getting-very-positive-press-coverage-report-shows.html. In other news, insider James M. Taylor, Jr. purchased 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $21.17 per share, for a total transaction of $105,850.00. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 189,893 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,020,034.81. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Steven F. Siegel sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.22, for a total value of $145,320.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.22% of the company’s stock. Brixmor Property Group Company Profile Brixmor Property Group Inc is an internally managed real estate investment trust. The Company conducts its operations primarily through Brixmor Operating Partnership LP and subsidiaries (collectively, the Operating Partnership). As of December 31, 2016, it owned interests in 512 shopping centers (the Portfolio) with approximately 86 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA), including 511 shopping centers and one shopping center held through an unconsolidated joint venture. Receive News & Ratings for Brixmor Property Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brixmor Property Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search Hisense's new toughie You can shower with the C30 Rock and drop it from almost anywhere, says Kyle Venktess. Science in a box Most SA schools don't have science laboratories, leaving talented pupils at a disadvantage. Insects that feed us Pollinators like bees are responsible for one in three bites of food, says Mandi Smallhorne. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2017 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Personal Finance Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 Finweek ZAR/AUD 10,33 (0.40%) ZAR/EUR 14,62 (0.34%) ZAR/GBP 17,2 (0.36%) ZAR/JPY 0,13 (0.16%) ZAR/USD 13,77 (0.42%) GOLD 1274,69 (0.29%) OIL 56,35 (0.11%) PALLADIUM 804,5 (-0.09%) PLATINUM 967 (0.39%) SILVER 18,32 (0.33%) FTSE/JSE All Share 53535,16 (0.74%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 14419,31 (1.43%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 70534,98 (0.79%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 34768,8 (0.14%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 46757,54 (0.72%) CAC 40 5101,86 (0.00%) NIKKEI 225 18552,61 (-1.04%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team Barclays CEO faces probe, bonus cut over whistleblower Apr 11 2017 18:45 Suzi Ring and Greg Farrell, Bloomberg News Barclays CEO Jes Staley. (AFP) Related Articles Barclays Africa debt sale misses target as lenders rush to issue Barclays libor duo let profits Trump honesty - prosecutor Barclays Zim prepared for divorce from Barclays Bank Plc Barclays Africa hit by protesters demanding apartheid-era money Ex-Barclays trader admits conspiracy to rig currency prices Barclays wins award in Middle East   New York - Barclays chief executive officer Jes Staley will be reprimanded and the bank will cut his pay as regulators begin to investigate how he tried to unmask a whistleblower last year. The UK Financial Conduct Authority is investigating both Staley’s individual conduct relating to the complaint and the bank’s responsibilities and controls in connection with whistle blowing, the bank said in a statement. Staley has admitted his error and formally apologised to the board, Barclays said. Staley tried to unmask a tipster who alerted the bank to a personal matter involving a senior executive, the bank said, confirming what a person with knowledge of the matter told Bloomberg. An investigation by law firm Simmons & Simmons concluded that Staley "honestly, but mistakenly" believed that it was permissible to identify the author of the letter. The case is also under scrutiny by the Department of Financial Services in New York, the person said. "I have apologised to the Barclays Board and accepted its conclusion that my personal actions in this matter were errors on my part," Staley said in the statement. "I will also accept whatever sanction it deems appropriate. I will cooperate fully with the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulatory Authority, which are now both examining this matter." Stock slips Barclays shares have fallen about 4.1% this year, giving the company a market value of £36bn. Barclays has made excellent progress under Staley and his removal at this stage would hurt the bank’s prospects for further improvement, Shore Capital analyst Gary Greenwood wrote in a note to investors. Given the bank’s history of regulatory misdemeanors, the latest investigation is a "very significant embarrassment" for the board as it tries to rebuild Barclays’s reputation, he said. Staley has revamped his management team and refocused on the bank’s priority markets since he assumed leadership of Barclays in late 2015. He also rebuffed calls to spin off or radically shrink the investment bank, instead opting to speed up business sales and sell down the firm’s African banking stake. Bank turnaround The CEO has slashed about 6 000 jobs in the last six months and cut dividends after fourth-quarter profit fell. The Barclays’s chief ascended to the top job after more than three decades at JPMorgan Chase. The attempt to identify the whistleblower came to the attention of the Barclays board early this year after an employee raised concerns. The board notified the FCA and the PRA and other authorities. "The Board has concluded that Jes Staley, group chief executive officer, honestly, but mistakenly, believed that it was permissible to identify the author of the letter and has accepted his explanation that he was trying to protect a colleague who had experienced personal difficulties in the past from what he believed to be an unfair attack, and has accepted his apology," chairperson John McFarlane said in the statement. US law enforcement Staley requested that the bank’s Group Information Security team identify the author and the team asked for and received assistance from US law enforcement agencies, according to the statement. The attempt to identify the author wasn’t successful, the bank said. Barclays has taken a more aggressive posture toward government allegations than some of its rivals. While other lenders settled similar claims, Barclays balked at paying the amount the government sought to resolve allegations that it deceived investors who purchased $31bn of mortgage-backed securities a decade ago, before the housing bubble popped. The bank is now defending a lawsuit brought by the US Justice Department in December over the matter. The bank has called those allegations “disconnected from the facts". If found to have violated whistleblower laws, Barclays could face penalties from regulators. In an unrelated matter, Barclays has been accused of unfairly dismissing an employee who levied a complaint. Richard Boath, who was Barclays’s chairperson of financial institutions, said in a UK lawsuit that he was interviewed by the Serious Fraud Office in 2014 as part of its investigation into the bank’s £7bn fundraising at the height of the financial crisis. Boath said he was dismissed from the bank in 2016 as a "direct result" of the SFO giving a transcript of the interview to the bank, his lawyer, Jonathan Cohen, said to an employment tribunal last year. Barclays declined to comment at the time. Boath is suing the bank over claims related to pay, unfair dismissal and whistle blowing.Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    barclays  |  probe  |  financial services NEXT ON FIN24X Kidswear set to continue its boom 2017-04-11 17:53 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice Gigaba ditches briefing for 'urgent meeting' with Ramaphosa Perfect storm brewing for petrol price, repo rate shock Pressure on Zuma builds as SA girds for protests Survey lifts lid on habits, attitudes of SA's well-off Banks, Eskom, Transnet and MTN cut to junk status SA’s IPP programme: A badge of excellence Globalisation and free trade are not enemies From inclusive growth to radical economic transformation Politics gutted SARS of rising stars, fears that Treasury is next Top 10 most popular hobbies of African millionaires Company Snapshot We're talking about... #CabinetReshuffle The focus is firmly on how the economy will absorb the fallout from the Cabinet reshuffle.   Related links: Motlanthe hits out at 'reckless' Zuma, 'crooked' ANC Zuma reshuffle opens the door for nuclear deal OPINION | The snakes that are eating our kids’ future Get the latest with Fin24 Tech Uber loses another senior executive amid turmoil 2017-04-12 07:21 Uber Technologies Inc. Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick is struggling to hold onto his top lieutenants as the company faces an onslaught of scandals. Naspers pumps R960m into Takealot Microsoft's Minecraft set to launch its own currency Dangor breaks his silence on Dlamini's role in Sassa crisis More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic INFOGRAPHIC: How to get a pay rise Strangled by your medical scheme contribution? Credit ombud rakes in millions for consumers MUST READ: SA expatriate in Philippines dismisses high life myth Taxing SA expats in Dubai: 3 points to consider Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth Do you have a budget set aside for Easter holiday spending? Yes No I don’t celebrate Easter Yes 15% 16 votes 15 No 65% 70 votes 65 I don’t celebrate Easter 20% 21 votes 20 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Constellation Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Build-A-Bear Workshop (BBW) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.56 Nuveen Preferred Income Opportunities Fd (JPC) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.53 Marcus Corp (MCS) Receiving Very Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Avis Budget Group (CAR) Getting Very Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Merit Medical Systems (MMSI) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.50 Raymond Wesley Threlkeld Sells 59,600 Shares of Kirkland Lake Gold Ltd (KL) Stock Insider Selling: Natcore Technology Inc (NXT) Director Sells 53,000 Shares of Stock BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) Sees Strong Trading Volume After Analyst Upgrade Methanex Co. (MEOH) Receives “Sector Perform” Rating from Scotiabank $0.64 EPS Expected for Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT) This Quarter $0.00 in Sales Expected for Axovant Sciences Ltd (AXON) This Quarter Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Earns “Hold” Rating from Sandler O’Neill KNOT Offshore Partners (KNOP) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.12 Quanta Services (PWR) Given Media Impact Rating of -0.12 UniFirst Corp (UNF) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of -0.12 Scholastic Corp (SCHL) EVP Andrews S. Hedden Sells 7,500 Shares of Stock Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Insider Elan Moriah Sells 13,717 Shares Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) CEO Christopher Rondeau Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock Adgorithms Ltd (ADGO) Insider Lisa Jane Gordon Purchases 15,000 Shares of Stock Stifel Nicolaus Raises Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Price Target to $201.00 April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance Tweet Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ) had its target price hoisted by equities researchers at Stifel Nicolaus from $189.00 to $201.00 in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus’ price objective indicates a potential upside of 17.36% from the stock’s current price. A number of other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on STZ. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $205.00 price objective (up from $183.00) on shares of Constellation Brands in a research note on Friday. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc set a $147.00 price objective on shares of Constellation Brands and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 25th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $182.00 price objective on shares of Constellation Brands and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday. Pivotal Research raised their price objective on shares of Constellation Brands from $200.00 to $220.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised shares of Constellation Brands from an “underperform” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $150.00 to $175.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $184.11. Shares of Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) traded down 0.61% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $170.23. 508,797 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $33.28 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.64 and a beta of 0.52. The company’s 50 day moving average is $161.28 and its 200-day moving average is $158.12. Constellation Brands has a 52 week low of $144.00 and a 52 week high of $175.43. Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 6th. The company reported $1.48 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.36 by $0.12. Constellation Brands had a net margin of 16.65% and a return on equity of 19.07%. The firm had revenue of $1.63 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.59 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.19 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Constellation Brands will post $7.92 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be given a dividend of $0.52 per share. This represents a $2.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.21%. This is a boost from Constellation Brands’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.40. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 8th. Constellation Brands’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 24.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Stifel Nicolaus Raises Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Price Target to $201.00” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/constellation-brands-stz-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-stifel-nicolaus.html. In related news, VP F Paul Hetterich acquired 752 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 13th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $148.62 per share, with a total value of $111,762.24. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 10.63% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of STZ. Huntington National Bank boosted its stake in Constellation Brands by 3.4% in the third quarter. Huntington National Bank now owns 183,777 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30,597,000 after buying an additional 5,957 shares in the last quarter. Miura Global Management LLC boosted its stake in Constellation Brands by 14.3% in the third quarter. Miura Global Management LLC now owns 400,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $66,596,000 after buying an additional 50,000 shares in the last quarter. Navellier & Associates Inc boosted its stake in Constellation Brands by 686.8% in the third quarter. Navellier & Associates Inc now owns 67,416 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,224,000 after buying an additional 58,848 shares in the last quarter. Marietta Investment Partners LLC boosted its stake in Constellation Brands by 13.6% in the third quarter. Marietta Investment Partners LLC now owns 62,511 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,407,000 after buying an additional 7,496 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Strs Ohio boosted its stake in Constellation Brands by 9.8% in the third quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 467,709 shares of the company’s stock valued at $77,868,000 after buying an additional 41,854 shares in the last quarter. 75.54% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Constellation Brands Constellation Brands, Inc is an international beverage alcohol company. The Company is a producer and marketer of beer, wine and spirits with operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and Italy. Its segments include Beer, Wine and Spirits, and Corporate Operations and Other. It is a multi-category supplier (beer, wine and spirits) of beverage alcohol in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Constellation Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Remain Mostly Negative In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary 4/11/2017 12:05 PM ET After moving to the downside early in the session, stocks remain mostly negative in mid-day trading on Tuesday. The pullback on the day comes on the heels of the modest uptick seen in the previous session. The major averages have climbed off their worst levels of the day but remain firmly in the red. The Dow is down 96.56 points or 0.5 percent at 20,561.46, the Nasdaq is down 43.48 points or 0.7 percent at 5,837.44 and the S&P 500 is down 15.01 points or 0.6 percent at 2,342.15. The weakness on Wall Street partly reflects geopolitical concerns on the heels of President Donald Trump's decision to launch a missile strike at an airbase in Syria. Trump also lashed out at North Korea on Twitter on Tuesday, urging China to do more to rein in its communist neighbor. "I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!" Trump tweeted. He added, "North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A." The tweets from Trump come following his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida last week. Trading activity has remained somewhat subdued, however, with a lack of major U.S. economic data keeping some traders on the sidelines. The economic calendar for the week starts off relatively quiet but picks up in the coming days, including with the release of some key data while the markets are closed on Friday. Reports on retail sales, producer and consumer prices, and import and export prices may attract attention later this week. On the earnings front, financial giants Citigroup (C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC) are due to report their quarterly results next Thursday. Semiconductor stocks have shown a significant move to the downside on the day, dragging the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index down by 1.6 percent. With the drop, the index has fallen to its lowest intraday level in a month. Telecom, transportation and natural gas stocks are also seeing considerable weakness, while gold stocks are bucking the downtrend amid an increase by the price of the precious metal. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Tuesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index fell by 0.3 percent, while China's Shanghai Composite Index climbed by 0.6 percent. The major European markets also ended the day mixed. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index rose by 0.2 percent, the French CAC 40 Index edged down by 0.1 percent and the German DAX Index fell by 0.5 percent. In the bond market, treasuries have shown a strong move to the upside. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is down by 5.4 basis points at 2.307 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Unhappy Campers: The 10 Most Miserable Nations on Earth Feeling Groovy: The 10 Countries With the Best Health Care The Ten Largest Economies In Africa Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global European Shares Seen Flat To Higher Sensex Down 150 Points In Early Trade; Nifty Dips Below 9200 Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Risk Aversion Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower Ahead Of Key Data Thai Bourse May See Renewed Consolidation Indonesia Shares Draw Another Soft Start Hong Kong Bourse May Test Support At 24,000 China Bourse May Head South On Wednesday Taiwan Shares May Open Under Pressure Lower Open Tipped For Singapore Stock Market Continued Consolidation Called For Malaysia Shares Geopolitical Concerns May Continue To Weigh On KOSPI Major Averages Close Modestly Lower But Well Off Worst Levels - U.S. Commentary European Markets Pull Back On Rising Geopolitical Concerns Stocks Move Mostly Lower Amid Geopolitical Concerns - U.S. Commentary <<Previous        47 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Google Details Pay Methodology To Answer Charges Of Gender Discrimination United Airlines CEO Says Deplaned Passenger Was "disruptive And Belligerent" FCC Looks To Keep In-Flight Call Ban AMC Revamps Menu To Include More Meal Items Starbucks Testing Lunch Menu In Chicago Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Victoria Beckham Clothing Line Debuts At Target Airlines Improving Flying Experience, Study Shows Barclays To Reprimand CEO Staley On Whistleblowing Case; FCA, PRA To Investigate FCC Reportedly Fast-Tracking Roll Back Of Net Neutrality Lyft Raises Another $500 Mln In Funding Rue21 Could Be Next Retail Bankruptcy ACHN Awaits PNH Data, Avita Gears Up For PMA Filing, SSKN Effects Reverse Split Company Spotlight: Akari Therapeutics AKRX Confirms Acquisition Talks, CBIO Plunges, Be All Ears For GERN AbbVie: Data Shows Elagolix Reduces Menstrual Bleeding In Phase 2b Trial Gainers & Losers Of Apr.10: CYTX, AXON, GERN, OMED, TXMD... Rue21 Could Be Next Retail Bankruptcy AXON Names New CEO, ANTH Awaits Data In Q3, Nicox Gets 2nd Chance From FDA Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Riding High: Gaia Gainers & Losers Of Apr.11: WINT, GNCA, MESO, CYTX, ENDP... Capgemini To Acquire North American Operations Of Ciber For $50 Mln Germany's Fresenius Confirms Talks To Buy Generic Drugmaker Akorn Riding High: Gaia Manulife Real Estate Buys 8 Cross Street In Singapore Sussex Bancorp To Acquire Community Bank Of Bergen In All-stock Deal PPG Acquires 40% Ownership Interest In Taiwan Chlorine Industries Mastercard Gets UK Regulatory Approval To Acquire VocaLink - Quick Facts Whole Foods Market Store In Dedham Recalls Yogurt And Granola Parfaits FOX News Appoints Amy Listerman As CFO Tesco's Deferred Prosecution Agreement With UK SFO Approved Xcerra To Be Acquired For About $580 Mln By Unic Capital Management Google Reportedly Denies Labor Department's Pay Disparity Allegations PriceSmart Remains Under Pressure In Afternoon Trading Ruby Tuesday Falls Sharply After Reporting Q3 Loss Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Close Brothers Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Buying: Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Insider Buys £155.40 in Stock John O’connell Sells 11,905 Shares of Gear Energy Ltd (GXE) Stock LSL Property Services plc (LSL) Insider Purchases £150.38 in Stock Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Man Group Plc (EMG) Price Target Increased to GBX 169 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Galliford Try plc (GFRD) Given Buy Rating at HSBC Holdings plc Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Highbridge Multi-Strategy Fund’s (HMSF) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Boosts Stake in Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Mplx Lp (MPLX) Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Stake Held by Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Halliburton Company (HAL) Position Boosted by Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Bunzl plc (BNZL) Receives “Buy” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Deere & Company (DE) Position Boosted by Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Has $486,000 Stake in Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Buys Shares of 7,694 CSX Co. (CSX) Ares Capital Co. (ARCC) Shares Sold by Koshinski Asset Management Inc. Insider Buying: Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Insider Buys £155.40 in Stock April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) insider Preben Prebensen acquired 10 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 6th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 1,554 ($19.30) per share, for a total transaction of £155.40 ($192.97). Shares of Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) traded up 0.06% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 1601.00. 386,125 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 2.38 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,535.67 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,435.57. Close Brothers Group plc has a 12 month low of GBX 975.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,615.00. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be given a dividend of GBX 20 ($0.25) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a dividend yield of 1.28%. WARNING: “Insider Buying: Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Insider Buys £155.40 in Stock” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/insider-buying-close-brothers-group-plc-cbg-insider-buys-155-40-in-stock.html. CBG has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Shore Capital reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 1,400 ($17.38) target price on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Barclays PLC downgraded shares of Close Brothers Group plc to an “equal weight” rating and dropped their target price for the company from GBX 1,500 ($18.63) to GBX 1,430 ($17.76) in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Numis Securities Ltd raised shares of Close Brothers Group plc to a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,779 ($22.09) target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 1,650 ($20.49) target price on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,557.22 ($19.34). Close Brothers Group plc Company Profile Close Brothers Group plc is a merchant banking company. The Company provides lending, deposit taking, wealth management services and securities trading. The Company operates through three segments: Banking, Securities and Asset Management. The Banking segment provides lending to small businesses and individuals, with an emphasis on specialist finance. Receive News & Ratings for Close Brothers Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metlife Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Has $255,000 Stake in Unilever plc (UL) Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Cuts Position in Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Maintains Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Shares Sold by Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Has $253,000 Stake in General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Metlife Inc (MET) Stake Held by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Shares Sold by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Holds Stake in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) WPP plc – American Depositary Shares each representing five (WPPGY) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Finds WestRock (WRK) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Insider Buying: Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Insider Buys £155.40 in Stock John O’connell Sells 11,905 Shares of Gear Energy Ltd (GXE) Stock LSL Property Services plc (LSL) Insider Purchases £150.38 in Stock Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Man Group Plc (EMG) Price Target Increased to GBX 169 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Galliford Try plc (GFRD) Given Buy Rating at HSBC Holdings plc Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Receives Buy Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Highbridge Multi-Strategy Fund’s (HMSF) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Metlife Inc (MET) Stake Held by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management held its position in Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 6,425 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management’s holdings in Metlife were worth $339,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Wesbanco Bank Inc. increased its position in Metlife by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Wesbanco Bank Inc. now owns 7,476 shares of the company’s stock valued at $403,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the period. HL Financial Services LLC increased its position in Metlife by 1.1% in the third quarter. HL Financial Services LLC now owns 6,675 shares of the company’s stock valued at $297,000 after buying an additional 71 shares during the period. Budros Ruhlin & Roe Inc. increased its position in Metlife by 0.5% in the third quarter. Budros Ruhlin & Roe Inc. now owns 15,449 shares of the company’s stock valued at $686,000 after buying an additional 75 shares during the period. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in Metlife by 1.5% in the third quarter. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC now owns 5,277 shares of the company’s stock valued at $234,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the period. Finally, Alpha Windward LLC increased its position in Metlife by 2.5% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 3,192 shares of the company’s stock valued at $142,000 after buying an additional 79 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.92% of the company’s stock. Shares of Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) traded down 1.0845% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $52.2175. The company had a trading volume of 1,524,002 shares. Metlife Inc has a one year low of $36.17 and a one year high of $58.09. The company’s 50 day moving average is $53.03 and its 200 day moving average is $52.09. The firm has a market cap of $56.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 82.8849 and a beta of 1.65. Metlife (NYSE:MET) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.34 by $0.06. Metlife had a net margin of 1.30% and a return on equity of 7.17%. The business had revenue of $12.08 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $17.34 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.23 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 29.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Metlife Inc will post $5.33 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/metlife-inc-met-stake-held-by-mutual-of-omaha-bank-wealth-management.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the company. TheStreet upgraded Metlife from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on Metlife from $57.00 to $54.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on Metlife in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $51.00 price objective on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 price objective on shares of Metlife in a report on Sunday, February 5th. Finally, Vetr downgraded Metlife from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $55.49 price objective on the stock. in a report on Monday, March 27th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $54.76. In other Metlife news, Director James M. Kilts purchased 2,795 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were acquired at an average price of $54.17 per share, for a total transaction of $151,405.15. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now owns 41,951 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,272,485.67. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director James M. Kilts purchased 17,205 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $51.13 per share, for a total transaction of $879,691.65. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 59,443 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,039,320.59. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 0.27% of the company’s stock. About Metlife MetLife, Inc (MetLife) is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include Retail; Group, Voluntary & Worksite Benefits; Corporate Benefit Funding; Latin America (collectively, the Americas); Asia, and Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MET? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET). Receive News & Ratings for Metlife Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Stocks are sliding Reuters and Akin Oyedele Apr. 11, 2017, 11:08 AM 1,370 facebook linkedin twitter email print Markets Insider U.S. stocks edged lower on Tuesday as rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula pushed investors to safe-haven assets such as gold. The White House said on Monday President Donald Trump was open to authorizing additional strikes on Syria if its government uses chemical weapons again or deploys barrel bombs, while North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States if provoked as a U.S. Navy strike group moved towards the western Pacific. Prices of safe-haven gold rose, with spot gold up the most in over two weeks. Investors also ditched riskier assets for the Japanese yen and U.S. Treasuries. The dollar index slipped by the most in about two weeks and oil prices eased from five-week highs. "Heightening geopolitical fears are likely to constrain investors from a mood change...(and) are likely to keep the safety trade, gold and U.S. Treasuries, in play," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note. At 11:05 a.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 103 points, or 0.5 percent, at 20,554.50, the S&P 500 was down 14.41 points, or 0.61 percent, at 2,342.75 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 46.10 points, or 0.78 percent, at 5,834.83. Investors also preferred to hold their bets ahead of the start of the first-quarter earnings season, which is set to kick off on Thursday when three big U.S. banks report. A rally in financial shares has fizzled recently as investors fret over lofty valuations and Trump's ability to make good on his pro-growth promises. Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Financials were the biggest losers, down 0.6 percent. Bank of America and Wells Fargo were the top drags on the S&P, while Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan weighed the most on the Dow. Walt Disney boosted consumer discretionary stocks after being added to Goldman's conviction list. Consumer staples and real estate - sectors that have predictable growth and are favored during uncertainty - were the other gainers. Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives, including the heads of General Motors, IBM and Wal-Mart , as he seeks to garner support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reforms and other administration priorities. Shares of online coupon provider RetailMeNot jumped nearly 50 percent to $11.55 after agreeing to be bought by marketing services company Harland Clarke. Western Digital was up 2.9 percent at $87.17, following a JPMorgan upgrade to "overweight" from "neutral".  Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,738 to 897. On the Nasdaq, 1,398 issues fell and 878 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed three 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 17 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) SEE ALSO: Job openings rise more than expected, hires fall NOW WATCH: People are outraged by this shocking video showing a passenger forcibly dragged off a United Airlines plane Loading video... More: Stock Market Market Update facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Stocks are sliding Stocks are sliding U.S. stocks edged lower on Tuesday as rising... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
About Us Sign In Sign Up Wednesday 12 April 2017 Mobile Egypt Top stories Features/Interviews Local News Middle East/North Africa News Features World World features World news Business Economy Science Science News Technology Health Environment Archaeology Arts Art News Literature History Cinema/TV Fashion Music Living Food Travel Well-being Society Opinion Media Videos Photos Wall Street opens lower amid geopolitical jitters Featured Churches in Minya will not celebrate Easter Visa for Egyptians traveling to Sudan aims to 'prevent terrorist elements': Sudanese FM Wall Street opens lower amid geopolitical jitters Brandstorm: Competition aims to nurture young minds Putin warns of future chemical weapons 'provocations' to frame Assad G7 states reach no deal on UK call for further Syria sanctions Egypt signs €10 million grant agreement with EU for empowerment of women Cinemas, cultural venues suspend events, declare period of mourning Zahi Hawass to be UN ambassador for global cultural heritage Naguib Sawiris launches new bank in Europe to finance small, medium enterprises Daesh's 'caliphate' in Iraq shrinks: army Dust, seasonably warm temperatures expected Monday Egypt Parliament amends Emergency Law Parliament approves government amendments to Protest Law Government approves bill regulating Uber, Careem World leaders condemn terrorist attacks on Egypt churches 4 hurt in explosion in mainly-Kurdish city in Turkey: reports Why was Al-Ahram's Tuesday print edition temporarily halted at the print house? Identity of Alexandria, Tanta suicide bombers revealed: sources Pope Francis will still visit Egypt despite deadly church attacks Wall Street opens lower amid geopolitical jitters On Tue, 11/04/2017 - 16:29 Printer-friendly versionSend to friend Reuters Prev Next Pause Play 1 Tweet Reuters US stocks edged lower on Tuesday as rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula pushed investors to safe-haven assets such as gold. The White House said on Monday President Donald Trump was open to authorizing additional strikes on Syria if its government uses chemical weapons again or deploys barrel bombs, while North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States if provoked as a US Navy strike group moved towards the western Pacific. Prices of safe-haven gold rose, with spot gold XAU= up the most in over two weeks. Investors also ditched riskier assets for the Japanese yen and US Treasuries. The dollar index .DXY slipped by the most in about two weeks and oil prices eased from five-week highs. "Heightening geopolitical fears are likely to constrain investors from a mood change...[and] are likely to keep the safety trade, gold and US Treasuries, in play," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note. At 9:42 a.m. ET (1342 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was down 52.2 points, or 0.25 percent, at 20,605.82, the S&P 500 .SPX was down 9.26 points, or 0.39 percent, at 2,347.9 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC was down 22.45 points, or 0.38 percent, at 5,858.47. Investors also preferred to hold their bets ahead of the start of the first-quarter earnings season, which is set to kick off on Thursday when three big US banks report. A rally in financial shares has fizzled recently as investors fret over lofty valuations and Trump's ability to make good on his pro-growth promises. Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Financials .SPSY were the biggest losers, down 0.6 percent. Bank of America (BAC.N) and Wells Fargo (WFC.N) were the top drags on the S&P, while Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and JPMorgan (JPM.N) weighed the most on the Dow. Walt Disney (DIS.N) boosted consumer discretionary stocks .SPLRCD after being added to Goldman's conviction list. Consumer staples .SPLRCS and real estate .SPLRCR - sectors that have predictable growth and are favored during uncertainty - were the other gainers. Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives, including the heads of General Motors (GM.N), IBM (IBM.N) and Wal-Mart (WMT.N), as he seeks to garner support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reforms and other administration priorities. Shares of online coupon provider RetailMeNot (SALE.O) jumped nearly 50 percent to $11.55 after agreeing to be bought by marketing services company Harland Clarke [MFWH.UL]. Western Digital (WDC.O) was up 2.9 percent at $87.17, following a JPMorgan upgrade to "overweight" from "neutral". Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,738 to 897. On the Nasdaq, 1,398 issues fell and 878 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed three 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 17 lows.   (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Tweet Printer-friendly versionSend to friend geopolitical tensions, gold, north korea, stock market, stocks, syria, Wall Street Read also Wall Street stocks flat as 'difficult' Trump-Xi talks loom Oil prices rise after report shows drop in US stocks                                             Our Recommendations Egypt's police loses three females, for the first time in its history Egypt's state of emergency in 2017: constitutional enforcement and consequences Islamic State threats become reality, 45 killed today in Alexandria and Tanta In photos: Egypt launches first 'Open-art-gallery' hotel in Nubia Translation error in Trump speech confuses Egyptian media Fake news about military coup sparks controversy as El-Watan's SMS service hacked 'The first time I was sexually harassed was...' goes viral Remains of 13th Dynasty pyramid discovered in Egypt's Dahshur Egyptian artist Bahia Shehab becomes first Arab woman to win UN prize for culture Prev Next Pause Play 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 www.egyptindependent.com RSS FACEBOOK TWITTER NEWSLETTER MOBILE APP FEEDBACK CALL CENTER About Egypt Independent Advertise with us Corrections Copyrights Publishing policy Contact us All rights reserved. Al-Masry Al-Youm. ×
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eaton Co. PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Reduces Stake in Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Vontobel Asset Management Inc. Buys 619 Shares of Hershey Co (HSY) Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Buys 54 Shares of Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Raises Position in Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Nexus Investment Management Inc. Has $467,000 Stake in PPL Corp (PPL) Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Stake Held by Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Position Lowered by Addenda Capital Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Shares Sold by Addenda Capital Inc. Zacks: Artesian Resources Co. (ARTNA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Superior Plus Corp. (SPB) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts McKesson Co. (MCK) Shares Sold by Addenda Capital Inc. Aviva plc (AV) Price Target Increased to GBX 456 by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Western Digital Corp (WDC) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Sell” Advanced Energy Industries (AEIS) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Affimed NV (AFMD) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Insider Buying: Rupert Resources Ltd (RUP) Insider Buys C$31,250.00 in Stock CenturyLink Investment Management Co Has $1,600,000 Stake in Liberty Interactive Group (QVCA) Addenda Capital Inc. Decreases Position in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Shares Bought by Union Bankshares Corp 113 Shares in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Acquired by Union Bankshares Corp Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Raises Position in Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC boosted its stake in shares of Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) by 0.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 4,937 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 23 shares during the period. Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC’s holdings in Eaton Co., PLC were worth $366,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Schroder Investment Management Group increased its stake in Eaton Co., PLC by 119.2% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 3,072,036 shares of the company’s stock valued at $201,864,000 after buying an additional 1,670,771 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the fourth quarter valued at $74,118,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the third quarter valued at $56,087,000. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in Eaton Co., PLC by 15.5% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 4,524,061 shares of the company’s stock valued at $297,278,000 after buying an additional 606,917 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the third quarter valued at $32,364,000. 73.55% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) traded down 0.98% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $74.86. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 392,874 shares. Eaton Co., PLC has a 52 week low of $54.30 and a 52 week high of $76.39. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $73.01 and a 200 day moving average of $68.39. The stock has a market capitalization of $33.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.78 and a beta of 1.32. Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.12 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.10 by $0.02. Eaton Co., PLC had a net margin of 9.73% and a return on equity of 12.56%. The firm had revenue of $4.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.91 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.17 earnings per share. Eaton Co., PLC’s revenue was down 3.8% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Eaton Co., PLC will post $4.45 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 6th were issued a $0.60 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a $2.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.17%. This is a boost from Eaton Co., PLC’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. Eaton Co., PLC’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 54.03%. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/dynamic-advisors-solutions-llc-raises-position-in-eaton-co-plc-etn.html. Several analysts have commented on ETN shares. Avondale Partners started coverage on Eaton Co., PLC in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. They set a “market perform” rating and a $72.00 price objective for the company. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $73.00 price objective on shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a research note on Sunday, March 12th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $74.00 price objective on shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Zacks Investment Research raised Eaton Co., PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Eaton Co., PLC from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $75.00 to $70.00 in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $73.93. In other Eaton Co., PLC news, SVP Thomas E. Moran sold 3,470 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.13, for a total value of $250,291.10. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 10,668 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $769,482.84. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Deborah L. Mccoy sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.19, for a total transaction of $360,950.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 39,936 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,882,979.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.80% of the company’s stock. About Eaton Co., PLC Eaton Corporation (Eaton) is a diversified power management company. It is engaged in the manufacturing of electrical components and systems for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ETN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN). Receive News & Ratings for Eaton Co. PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McKesson Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Position Lowered by Addenda Capital Inc. Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Shares Sold by Addenda Capital Inc. Zacks: Artesian Resources Co. (ARTNA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Superior Plus Corp. (SPB) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts McKesson Co. (MCK) Shares Sold by Addenda Capital Inc. Aviva plc (AV) Price Target Increased to GBX 456 by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Western Digital Corp (WDC) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Sell” Advanced Energy Industries (AEIS) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Affimed NV (AFMD) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Insider Buying: Rupert Resources Ltd (RUP) Insider Buys C$31,250.00 in Stock CenturyLink Investment Management Co Has $1,600,000 Stake in Liberty Interactive Group (QVCA) Addenda Capital Inc. Decreases Position in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Shares Bought by Union Bankshares Corp 113 Shares in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Acquired by Union Bankshares Corp Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Boosts Position in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €90.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Peugeot SA (UG) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Ascot Mining Plc Lon (ASCO) Given New GBX 1,729 Price Target at N+1 Singer Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €104.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC McKesson Co. (MCK) Shares Sold by Addenda Capital Inc. April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Addenda Capital Inc. reduced its stake in McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) by 13.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 14,641 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2,276 shares during the period. Addenda Capital Inc.’s holdings in McKesson were worth $2,082,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Meeder Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of McKesson by 45.9% in the third quarter. Meeder Asset Management Inc. now owns 8,890 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,482,000 after buying an additional 2,795 shares during the last quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of McKesson during the third quarter valued at about $359,000. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of McKesson by 19.2% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 244,568 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,782,000 after buying an additional 39,445 shares during the last quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont increased its stake in shares of McKesson by 6.6% in the third quarter. Trust Co. of Vermont now owns 1,881 shares of the company’s stock valued at $313,000 after buying an additional 117 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Heritage Investors Management Corp increased its stake in shares of McKesson by 5.2% in the third quarter. Heritage Investors Management Corp now owns 69,126 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,527,000 after buying an additional 3,426 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.81% of the company’s stock. Shares of McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) traded down 0.38% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $144.94. 145,627 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $30.73 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.20 and a beta of 1.06. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $148.14 and a 200 day moving average of $147.56. McKesson Co. has a 1-year low of $114.53 and a 1-year high of $199.43. McKesson (NYSE:MCK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $3.03 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.95 by $0.08. McKesson had a return on equity of 30.05% and a net margin of 0.97%. The business had revenue of $50.13 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $50.71 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $3.18 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that McKesson Co. will post $12.62 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 1st were paid a $0.28 dividend. This represents a $1.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.77%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, February 27th. McKesson’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 13.25%. WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/mckesson-co-mck-shares-sold-by-addenda-capital-inc.html. MCK has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Vetr downgraded shares of McKesson from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $163.26 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Mizuho downgraded shares of McKesson from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $147.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of McKesson from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price target for the stock from $171.00 to $169.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Avondale Partners upgraded shares of McKesson from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $157.00 to $193.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Leerink Swann set a $155.00 price target on shares of McKesson and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, January 21st. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. McKesson currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $172.76. In related news, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 100,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $150.44, for a total value of $15,119,220.00. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 22,390 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,368,351.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 1.15% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. McKesson Company Profile McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MCK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK). Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 11 April 2017 | MYT 10:38 PM Wall St drops as geopolitical risks weigh on sentiment At 9:42am ET (Tuesday), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 52.2 points, or 0.25%, at 20,605.82. The AFP photo shows traders and financial professionals working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: US stocks edged lower on Tuesday as rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula pushed investors to safe-haven assets such as gold. The White House said on Monday President Donald Trump was open to authorising additional strikes on Syria if its government uses chemical weapons again or deploys barrel bombs, while North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States if provoked as a US Navy strike group moved towards the western Pacific. Prices of safe-haven gold rose, with spot gold up the most in over two weeks. Investors also ditched riskier assets for the Japanese yen and US Treasuries. The dollar index slipped by the most in about two weeks and oil prices eased from five-week highs. “Heightening geopolitical fears are likely to constrain investors from a mood change...(and) are likely to keep the safety trade, gold and US Treasuries, in play,” Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note. At 9:42am ET (1342 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 52.2 points, or 0.25%, at 20,605.82, the S&P 500 was down 9.26 points, or 0.39%, at 2,347.9 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 22.45 points, or 0.38%, at 5,858.47. Investors also preferred to hold their bets ahead of the start of the first-quarter earnings season, which is set to kick off on Thursday when three big US banks report. A rally in financial shares has fizzled recently as investors fret over lofty valuations and Trump’s ability to make good on his pro-growth promises. Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Financials were the biggest losers, down 0.6%. Bank of America and Wells Fargo were the top drags on the S&P, while Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan weighed the most on the Dow. Walt Disney boosted consumer discretionary stocks after being added to Goldman’s conviction list. Consumer staples and real estate - sectors that have predictable growth and are favored during uncertainty - were the other gainers. Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives, including the heads of General Motors, IBM and Wal-Mart, as he seeks to garner support for a US$1 trillion infrastructure programme, tax reforms and other administration priorities. Shares of online coupon provider RetailMeNot jumped nearly 50% to US$11.55 after agreeing to be bought by marketing services company Harland Clarke. Western Digital was up 2.9% at US$87.17, following a JPMorgan upgrade to “overweight” from “neutral”. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,738 to 897. On the Nasdaq, 1,398 issues fell and 878 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed three 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 17 lows. - Reuters   Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks , Wall Street Related Stories Related Stories Global growth holds the key Wall St drops on weak jobs data, missile strikes on Syria Solid ADP data propels Wall St rally; Nasdaq at new high (Update 1) Banks lead Wall St gains after stellar private jobs data Banks, tech stocks lead Wall St lower; Trump-Xi meet eyed You May Be Interested Shahril: EPF takes long-term view on property ventures TNB inks power deal with Edra Power Huge potential in southern Thailand-Malaysia cross-border trade Relocation of eight air bases to cost RM2.7bil IGP: Missing activist Peter Chong spotted in Thailand US-based Osprey Packs confirms severed ties with Terry Yee over dog attack Others Also Read Facebook's EU regulator says close to deal on sharing of WhatsApp data Man jailed three months for hitting wife Every Europa League game a 'final' for Man United - Shaw Property Related advertisement Latest News SP Setia puts in bid for residential plot in Singapore, reportedly at RM837m PetChem, Maxis lift KLCI, ringgit firmer versus US$ UOB Kay Hian: Dialog's earnings projected to grow by 6%-7% in FY17-19 Amazon said to mull Whole Foods bid before Jana stepped in Wal-Mart offers discounts for online orders picked up in store Most Viewed in Business Relocation of eight air bases to cost RM2.7bil United declines as social-media firestorm spreads worldwide US airlines bumping fewer passengers, compensation varies Stock on the Move: Bursa Malaysia United Airlines faces mounting pressure over hospitalised passenger PetChem, Maxis lift KLCI, ringgit firmer versus US$ Mulpha’s cyclone-hit luxury island resort to close till mid-next year UOB Kay Hian: Dialog's earnings projected to grow by 6%-7% in FY17-19 Ringgit higher against US$ on Wednesday Mulpha’s luxury island resort to close till next year advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Move Mostly Lower Amid Geopolitical Concerns - U.S. Commentary 4/11/2017 10:43 AM ET Stocks have moved mostly lower in morning trading on Tuesday following the modest uptick seen in the previous session. The major averages have slid into negative territory, although selling pressure has remained relatively subdued. Currently, the major averages are just off their worst levels of the day. The Dow is down 88.22 points or 0.4 percent at 20,569.80, the Nasdaq is down 47.13 points or 0.8 percent at 5,833.79 and the S&P 500 is down 15.27 points or 0.7 percent at 2,341.89. The weakness on Wall Street partly reflects geopolitical concerns on the heels of President Donald Trump's decision to launch a missile strike at an airbase in Syria. Trump also lashed out at North Korea on Twitter on Tuesday, urging China to do more to rein in its communist neighbor. "I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!" Trump tweeted. He added, "North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help, that would be great. If not, we will solve the problem without them! U.S.A." The tweets from Trump come following his meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida last week. Trading activity has remained somewhat subdued, however, with a lack of major U.S. economic data keeping some traders on the sidelines. The economic calendar for the week starts off relatively quiet but picks up in the coming days, including with the release of some key data while the markets are closed on Friday. Reports on retail sales, producer and consumer prices, and import and export prices may attract attention later this week. On the earnings front, financial giants Citigroup (C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC) are due to report their quarterly results next Thursday. Semiconductor stocks have shown a significant move to the downside on the day, dragging the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index down by 2 percent. With the drop, the index has fallen to its lowest intraday level in a month. Telecom, railroad, and steel stocks are also seeing considerable weakness, while gold stocks are bucking the downtrend amid an increase by the price of the precious metal. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance during trading on Tuesday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index fell by 0.3 percent, while China's Shanghai Composite Index climbed by 0.6 percent. The major European markets have also turned mixed on the day. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index is up by 0.1 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index are both down by 0.3 percent. In the bond market, treasuries have shown a strong move to the upside. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is down by 4.7 basis points at 2.314 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Unhappy Campers: The 10 Most Miserable Nations on Earth Feeling Groovy: The 10 Countries With the Best Health Care The Ten Largest Economies In Africa Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories European Shares Seen Flat To Higher China Inflation Rises Slightly; Producer Price Inflation Moderates Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Risk Aversion FDA Approves 1st Drug For Tardive Dyskinesia, AGRX On Track, ITEK, AZRX On Watch Gainers & Losers Of Apr.11: WINT, GNCA, MESO, CYTX, ENDP... Major Averages Close Modestly Lower But Well Off Worst Levels - U.S. Commentary Obama To Speak On Democracy In Germany Next Month Stocks Remain Mostly Negative In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Alabama Governor Robert Bentley Quits Over Sex Scandal, Kay Ivey Replaces Him Google Details Pay Methodology To Answer Charges Of Gender Discrimination Trump: North Korea Is Looking For Trouble United Airlines CEO Says Deplaned Passenger Was "disruptive And Belligerent" Stocks May Continue To Experience Choppy Trading - U.S. Commentary Colson Whitehead Wins Pulitzer For 'The Underground Railroad' FCC Looks To Keep In-Flight Call Ban <<Previous        46 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Google Details Pay Methodology To Answer Charges Of Gender Discrimination United Airlines CEO Says Deplaned Passenger Was "disruptive And Belligerent" FCC Looks To Keep In-Flight Call Ban AMC Revamps Menu To Include More Meal Items Starbucks Testing Lunch Menu In Chicago Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Victoria Beckham Clothing Line Debuts At Target Airlines Improving Flying Experience, Study Shows Barclays To Reprimand CEO Staley On Whistleblowing Case; FCA, PRA To Investigate FCC Reportedly Fast-Tracking Roll Back Of Net Neutrality Lyft Raises Another $500 Mln In Funding Rue21 Could Be Next Retail Bankruptcy ACHN Awaits PNH Data, Avita Gears Up For PMA Filing, SSKN Effects Reverse Split Company Spotlight: Akari Therapeutics AKRX Confirms Acquisition Talks, CBIO Plunges, Be All Ears For GERN AbbVie: Data Shows Elagolix Reduces Menstrual Bleeding In Phase 2b Trial Gainers & Losers Of Apr.10: CYTX, AXON, GERN, OMED, TXMD... Rue21 Could Be Next Retail Bankruptcy AXON Names New CEO, ANTH Awaits Data In Q3, Nicox Gets 2nd Chance From FDA Unilever Looking To Sell 'I Can't Believe It's Not Butter,' Other Spreads Riding High: Gaia Gainers & Losers Of Apr.11: WINT, GNCA, MESO, CYTX, ENDP... Capgemini To Acquire North American Operations Of Ciber For $50 Mln Germany's Fresenius Confirms Talks To Buy Generic Drugmaker Akorn Riding High: Gaia Manulife Real Estate Buys 8 Cross Street In Singapore Sussex Bancorp To Acquire Community Bank Of Bergen In All-stock Deal PPG Acquires 40% Ownership Interest In Taiwan Chlorine Industries Mastercard Gets UK Regulatory Approval To Acquire VocaLink - Quick Facts Whole Foods Market Store In Dedham Recalls Yogurt And Granola Parfaits FOX News Appoints Amy Listerman As CFO Tesco's Deferred Prosecution Agreement With UK SFO Approved Xcerra To Be Acquired For About $580 Mln By Unic Capital Management Google Reportedly Denies Labor Department's Pay Disparity Allegations PriceSmart Remains Under Pressure In Afternoon Trading Ruby Tuesday Falls Sharply After Reporting Q3 Loss Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, April 12, 2017 2:57 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street drops as geopolitical risks weigh on sentiment Tuesday April 11, 2017 10:30 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Thai junta to lift political party ban for 2018 polls The Edit: Science behind why shoelaces come undone The Edit: New ‘Baby Driver’ clip takes Ansel Elgort on a high-speed chase The Edit: Sheila Majid to perform in KL Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A rally in financial shares has fizzled recently as investors fret over lofty valuations and Trump’s ability to make good on his pro-growth promises. — Reuters picNEW YORK, April 11 ― US stocks edged lower today as rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula pushed investors to safe-haven assets such as gold. The White House said yesterday President Donald Trump was open to authorising additional strikes on Syria if its government uses chemical weapons again or deploys barrel bombs, while North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States if provoked as a US Navy strike group moved towards the western Pacific. Prices of safe-haven gold rose, with spot gold up the most in over two weeks. Investors also ditched riskier assets for the Japanese yen and US Treasuries. The dollar index slipped by the most in about two weeks and oil prices eased from five-week highs. “Heightening geopolitical fears are likely to constrain investors from a mood change...(and) are likely to keep the safety trade, gold and US Treasuries, in play,” Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note. At 9:42am ET (1342 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 52.2 points, or 0.25 per cent, at 20,605.82, the S&P 500 was down 9.26 points, or 0.39 per cent, at 2,347.9 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 22.45 points, or 0.38 per cent, at 5,858.47. Investors also preferred to hold their bets ahead of the start of the first-quarter earnings season, which is set to kick off on Thursday when three big US banks report. A rally in financial shares has fizzled recently as investors fret over lofty valuations and Trump’s ability to make good on his pro-growth promises. Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Financials were the biggest losers, down 0.6 per cent. Bank of America and Wells Fargo were the top drags on the S&P, while Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan weighed the most on the Dow. Walt Disney boosted consumer discretionary stocks after being added to Goldman’s conviction list. Consumer staples and real estate ― sectors that have predictable growth and are favored during uncertainty ― were the other gainers. Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives, including the heads of General Motors, IBM and Wal-Mart , as he seeks to garner support for a US$1 trillion (RM4.4 trillion) infrastructure program, tax reforms and other administration priorities. Shares of online coupon provider RetailMeNot jumped nearly 50 per cent to US$11.55 after agreeing to be bought by marketing services company Harland Clarke. Western Digital was up 2.9 per cent at US$87.17, following a JPMorgan upgrade to “overweight” from “neutral”. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,738 to 897. On the Nasdaq, 1,398 issues fell and 878 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed three 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 17 lows. ― Bernama                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Wal-Mart eliminating hundreds of corporate jobs Short-term rates expected to remain stable Ringgit opens at 4.4300/4350 against US greenback Nikkei falls to lowest since early December as yen surges Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Malaysian-based I Synergy puts expansion plan in place Petronas pitches RM4.4b offshore gas project stake to oil firms, sources say Stocks spooked, safe-haven assets jump as US missiles strike Syria Demand for Malaysian palm oil set to rebound, says Council Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: ‘Stop staring,’ says Caitlyn Jenner, announcing genital surgery Reuters Video: San Bernadino killer ‘not the kind of person you thought he was’, says victim’s mother Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Bloomberg Video: Zhang Yimou on why ‘The Great Wall’ bombed at the box office Reuters Video: World anger at suspected Syria gas attack Related Articles Why is Trump fighting ISIS in Syria? ― Thomas L. Friedman Trump isn’t wrong on China currency manipulation, just late Trump was right to strike Syria ― Nicholas Kristof Pentagon suspects chemical weapons still in Syria (VIDEO) US strike wiped out fifth of Assad’s air force Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market Wall Street drops as geopolitical risks weigh on sentiment Wall Street drops as geopolitical risks weigh on sentiment U.S. stocks edged lower on Tuesday as rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula pushed investors to safe-haven assets such as gold. By: Reuters | Published: April 11, 2017 7:53 PM U.S. stocks edged lower on Tuesday as rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula pushed investors to safe-haven assets such as gold. U.S. stocks edged lower on Tuesday as rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula pushed investors to safe-haven assets such as gold. The White House said on Monday President Donald Trump was open to authorizing additional strikes on Syria if its government uses chemical weapons again or deploys barrel bombs, while North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States if provoked as a U.S. Navy strike group moved towards the western Pacific. Prices of safe-haven gold rose, with spot gold up the most in over two weeks. Investors also ditched riskier assets for the Japanese yen and U.S. Treasuries. The dollar index slipped by the most in about two weeks and oil prices eased from five-week highs. “Heightening geopolitical fears are likely to constrain investors from a mood change…(and) are likely to keep the safety trade, gold and U.S. Treasuries, in play,” Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note. You may also like to watch: At 9:42 a.m. ET (1342 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 52.2 points, or 0.25 percent, at 20,605.82, the S&P 500 was down 9.26 points, or 0.39 percent, at 2,347.9 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 22.45 points, or 0.38 percent, at 5,858.47. Investors also preferred to hold their bets ahead of the start of the first-quarter earnings season, which is set to kick off on Thursday when three big U.S. banks report. A rally in financial shares has fizzled recently as investors fret over lofty valuations and Trump’s ability to make good on his pro-growth promises. Nine of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Financials were the biggest losers, down 0.6 percent. Bank of America and Wells Fargo were the top drags on the S&P, while Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan weighed the most on the Dow. Walt Disney boosted consumer discretionary stocks after being added to Goldman’s conviction list. Consumer staples and real estate – sectors that have predictable growth and are favored during uncertainty – were the other gainers. Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives, including the heads of General Motors, IBM and Wal-Mart , as he seeks to garner support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reforms and other administration priorities. Shares of online coupon provider RetailMeNot jumped nearly 50 percent to $11.55 after agreeing to be bought by marketing services company Harland Clarke. Western Digital was up 2.9 percent at $87.17, following a JPMorgan upgrade to “overweight” from “neutral”. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,738 to 897. On the Nasdaq, 1,398 issues fell and 878 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed three 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 17 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) No Comments. Trending Now Considering metro railways financially impracticable, government set to tighten norms to appraise proposals from states BJP's National Executive Meet in Bhubaneswar will have no impact on BJD, says CM Naveen Patnaik Yogi Adityanath Power supply in UP: JD (U) says decisions are much harder to implement Congress leader Akhilesh Das Gupta passes away, PM Narendra Modi expresses grief Kulbhushan Jadav Death Sentence Row: Pakistan rules out immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav Kulbhushan Jadav Death Sentence Row: India can retaliate in same manner, warns Shiv Sena Wahoo protesters want to be in on Indians' talks with Major League Baseball Ideal battery on way? Lithium-ion on way out as more efficient, safe, solid-state battery is here Infoedge gets rated 'Buy' by Motilal Oswal; target price at Rs 1000 Social networking app Rooter offers opportunities for sports lovers to come together Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan proposes ban on liquor shops Narsinghpur Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ के आवास पर मची अफरा-तफरी, अपनी फरियाद सुनाने जनता दरबार में उमड़ी भारी भीड़ पाकिस्तान को अमेरिकी कूटनीतिज्ञों ने लगाई फटकार, पाक में 9 साल से टल रही है 26/11 हमले की सुनवाई, लेकिन कुलभूषण जाधव को फांसी देने की है जल्दबाजी वरिष्ठ कांग्रेसी नेता ने ईवीएम विरोध पर की पार्टी की आलोचना, कहा- नहीं हो सकती धांधली, मैं कानून मंत्री था तो कराई थी जांच Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St drops as geopolitical risks weigh on sentiment By Reuters Published: 10:03 EDT, 11 April 2017 | Updated: 10:03 EDT, 11 April 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan April 11 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks edged lower on Tuesday as rising geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula pushed investors to safe-haven assets such as gold. The White House said on Monday President Donald Trump was open to authorizing additional strikes on Syria if its government uses chemical weapons again or deploys barrel bombs, while North Korea warned of a nuclear attack on the United States if provoked as a U.S. Navy strike group moved towards the western Pacific. Prices of safe-haven gold rose, with spot gold up the most in over two weeks. Investors also ditched riskier assets for the Japanese yen and U.S. Treasuries. The dollar index slipped by the most in about two weeks and oil prices eased from five-week highs. "Heightening geopolitical fears are likely to constrain investors from a mood change...(and) are likely to keep the safety trade, gold and U.S. Treasuries, in play," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note. At 9:42 a.m. ET (1342 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 52.2 points, or 0.25 percent, at 20,605.82, the S&amp;P 500 was down 9.26 points, or 0.39 percent, at 2,347.9 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 22.45 points, or 0.38 percent, at 5,858.47. Investors also preferred to hold their bets ahead of the start of the first-quarter earnings season, which is set to kick off on Thursday when three big U.S. banks report. A rally in financial shares has fizzled recently as investors fret over lofty valuations and Trump's ability to make good on his pro-growth promises. Nine of the 11 major S&amp;P 500 sectors were lower. Financials were the biggest losers, down 0.6 percent. Bank of America and Wells Fargo were the top drags on the S&amp;P, while Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan weighed the most on the Dow. Walt Disney boosted consumer discretionary stocks after being added to Goldman's conviction list. Consumer staples and real estate - sectors that have predictable growth and are favored during uncertainty - were the other gainers. Trump will meet with about 20 chief executives, including the heads of General Motors, IBM and Wal-Mart , as he seeks to garner support for a $1 trillion infrastructure program, tax reforms and other administration priorities. Shares of online coupon provider RetailMeNot jumped nearly 50 percent to $11.55 after agreeing to be bought by marketing services company Harland Clarke. Western Digital was up 2.9 percent at $87.17, following a JPMorgan upgrade to "overweight" from "neutral". Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,738 to 897. On the Nasdaq, 1,398 issues fell and 878 advanced. The S&amp;P 500 index showed three 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 22 highs and 17 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS SPOILER ALERT: Megan McKenna clashes with Chloe Sims on TOWIE following rumours of the blonde's 'close' bond with her ex Pete Wicks Jennifer Aniston stuns in a plunging leather bustier as she cosies up to husband Justin Theroux at star-studded Louis Vuitton in Paris A-list event Former Hollyoaks star Lee Otway looks almost unrecognisable as he shows off his new ripped physique following dramatic lifestyle overhaul 'He's got five girlfriends so he's doing okay!' Simon Cowell reveals Eric, 3, has 'his charm with the ladies'... as he discusses having more children  Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows off her incredibly ripped abs and buxom cleavage in sexy sports bra as she poses for behind-the-scenes tour snap Forget spending hundreds of pounds on whiter teeth! How £8 CHARCOAL polish will give you an A-list smile... (and it's available at Boots)  SPONSORED 'Best day of my life, I'm divorced!' Jodie Marsh runs through garden stark NAKED to celebrate singledom... as she reveals she will 'never be duped again' PICTURED: New mom Irina Shayk steps out for ice cream two weeks after welcoming daughter Lea de Seine with Bradley Cooper Baby joy Mila Kunis steps out in fitted jeans and slouchy top... after husband Ashton Kutcher thanked her for teaching him 'lessons in character' Casual Zip sync battle! Voluptuous Chrissy Teigen tries in vain to squeeze her large assets into tight zip-up outfit Hilarious She's a real beach babe! Britney Spears sizzles in tiny white bikini as she splashes around the surf in Hawaii Looking good Make-up free Charlotte Crosby is unrecognisable as she dresses up in period costume to play Sir Isaac Newton's mother in Drunk History 'I would be godfather if asked!' Simon Cowell says pal Cheryl is 'ecstatic' at becoming a mum and hopes they will work together again... but NOT on The X Factor 'I definitely want to be a mother': Khloé Kardashian reveals hopes for marriage and babies with Tristan Thompson... but doesn't want to 'pressure' him Lean girls! Amanda Seyfried steps out with husband Thomas Sadoski for first time without her bump after welcoming daughter Gave birth last month Experts reveal easy hacks to make your family's life healthier  From cooking classes, to colourful and delicious family dinners. SPONSORED Robin reliant! Thicke proves to be a dependable dad as he treats son to day out as he closes in on custodial agreement with Paula Patton Police raid storage locker in search of Mel B's 'sex tapes' as Spice Girl gets restraining order against nanny who she claims is extorting her after 'pregnancy' 'I had a moment of feeling free...': Orlando Bloom discusses THAT naked paddle boarding moment as he insists he and ex Katy Perry are still 'friends'  'The guest list is spectacular': Stevie Wonder, 67, set to wed third wife Tomeeka Bracy, 42, in a star-studded beachside ceremony in Jamaica Molly McFadden, 15, enjoys family time at Chessington as mum Kerry Katona reveals she's 'heartbroken' that her eldest is moving to become a surgeon EXCLUSIVE - On an escapade: New mom Janet Jackson spotted for first time since splitting from husband Wissam Al Mana while shopping for furniture  Back to work! Bella Thorne exudes glamour in sexy red gown for new Freeform series Famous in Love Main character Paige Townsen Jennifer Lawrence 'heartbroken' over suicide of old friend and MTV reality star Clay Adler who 'brings her back to her humble beginnings'  Kelsey Grammer and his fourth wife Kayte take their baby boy Auden to lunch in Beverly Hills At 62, the five-time Emmy winner is 25 years older  'She's struggling': Billie Lourd's uncle reveals she is 'acting like everything is fine on Instagram' since mother Carrie Fisher's death Putting on a brave face Peep show! Ashley Graham poses in her underwear in revealing selfie as she models crop top The 29-year-old posed in a pair of skimpy undies 'I knew my assailant': Abigail Breslin breaks silence about her own sexual assault during awareness month Bravely opened up about her own experience  'Doing what's best for our child': Naya Rivera says she and ex-Ryan Dorsey excel at co-parenting... after pool PDA with David Spade Still have a relationship Getting into the groove! Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, puffs on a roll up cigarette while spending spring break in Miami with friends 'I can't explain how scary it's been to be so open': Marnie Simpson confirms the release of revealing tell-all autobiography titled Stripped Bare Taking things up a gear! Cara Delevingne flaunts her trim figure in hotpants and a crop top as she poses astride a motorbike in new Puma campaign 'Talking was a very strong part of the healing': Stephen Fry speaks candidly about his mental health battle as he teams up with royals for new campaign PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Just horsing around! Sweet Harper Beckham, 5, proves her riding talents as she saddles up for an afternoon at the stables in LA PICTURED: Cops interrogate man with drone after he's spotted lurking around outside Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home She's laying low She's an ace! Maria Sharapova is stylish in tie dye Capris and gray Pashmina shawl in Los Angeles The tennis pro is gearing up for her return Animal attraction! Geordie Shore's Gaz Beadle and girlfriend Emma McVey look loved up as the couple hit Sydney's Taronga Zoo Dating since August  Leading lady! Katherine Jenkins puts on glamorous display in elegant black dress as she attends Carousel after-party following West End debut  Kids at heart! The Kardashians get sucked into the rides at a carnival in Cleveland as Khloe talks marriage and kids with boyfriend Tristan Thompson Quality time in the sky! Reese Witherspoon brings her daughter Ava on a magical sunset helicopter trip along the California coast Riding high Any second now! VERY pregnant Ciara rocks figure-hugging dress as she joins friend for lunch at Bel Air Hotel She is reportedly due in early April  Get to the chopped salad! Arnold Schwarzenegger takes military Hummer to meet daughters for lunch in Venice Action man persona 'My plan is to impregnate Char': Stephen Bear reveals he wants to have a BABY with girlfriend Charlotte Crosby by next year .  'Drowning out the pain 'cos you're not mine': Stephanie Davis releases song entitled 'Missin'... rumoured to be about rehab-bound ex Jeremy McConnell 'I felt like I was becoming hateful': Sheryl Crow argues for empathy on her new album after 'losing faith in our country' Started a petition General Hospital star Peter Hansen passes away at age 95 The actor has played lawyer Lee Baldwin on General Hospital since 1965 Pamela Anderson puts on a VERY busty display as she flashes her lace bra under floral wrap dress for sunset walk with photographer David LaChapelle in Venice The cat's meow! Paris Hilton rocks feline themed hat during leisurely stroll with boyfriend Chris Zylka and sister Nicky Purr-fect cap Meghan Markle spotted strolling to yoga appearing relaxed after it's revealed the actress's half-sister plans to write a tell-all book about her 'Living in a love bubble': New mum Cheryl professes her joy in subtle note... as beau Liam Payne simply states he is 'happy' Broken the silence Paris Jackson 'fears' for younger brother Blanket, 15, as he 'lives alone on family estate without legal guardians Katherine and TJ' Protective sibling Basil's back on the BBC! John Cleese to star in his first sitcom for the broadcaster since Fawlty Towers ended in 1979  Return to TV Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves makes statement in snake-print blazer as he enjoys dinner in London... after heading to Harley Street to get more Botox  Michelle Williams cuts an elegant yet edgy figure in an unus lacy dress as she attends Louis Vuitton launch in Paris Silk slip Cops called to Kendall Jenner's Hollywood home again... after security becomes suspicious of man with drone LAPD officers called What a ride! Diane Kruger goes hell for leather in tight trousers as she strikes model pose with new Audi sports car Rock chick He's Schreded! Shirtless Liev Schreiber shows off his muscular frame while holidaying with his children in Maui That's definitely NOT a dad bod Nick Jonas shows off karate moves with Sophie Turner after Nicki Minaj jokes that she 'roughed him up' a bit Out in West Hollywood Geordie Shore reunion! Gaz Beadle catches up with former reality co-star Vicky Pattison's ex-boyfriend Dan Conn in Bondi In Australia Simply irresistible! Christina Milian rocks tiniest of denim skirts with distressed jean jacket and mesh top at LA party Party girl When you got it! Olivia Culpo goes braless in a very low-cut plunging top as she steps out in ripped jeans in Los Angeles  Low key Gwyneth Paltrow raves about the health benefits of a CHLOROPHYLL shot on her lifestyle website Goop... but health experts label it an 'unnecessary fad' Cate Blanchett shows off her style credentials in structured sleeveless jacket as she attends Louis Vuitton event in Paris Chic Bunny fun! Megan Fox enjoys fun-filled family Easter egg hunt with her husband Brian Austin Green and their three sons Treasure hunt Jackie Kennedy Onassis, 62, wanted a date with Alec Baldwin when he was 33 - and she got it - her close friend James Hart reveals in his memoir Lucy Mecklenburgh puts on a stylish display in striped shirt dress as she enjoys sun in Los Angeles ahead of Coachella Off-duty glamour Hollywood wives club! Luciana Barroso and Elsa Pataky touch down in Brisbane ahead of reunion with husbands Matt Damon and Chris Hemsworth Charlize Theron uses her 4in spiked heel in epic car fight scene in new Atomic Blonde trailer Plays an undercover MI6 Agent Moving in with Taylor Lautner? Billie Lourd selling $2.3million Santa Monica home... just one year after buying it Loved up with her Scream Queen co-star 'It's not true, any of it': Sugar Bear denies Mama June's abuse allegations claiming she's 'just p***ed over his new marriage Family drama  Working it out! Diane Kruger shows off toned physique after grueling workout...as she steps out solo without new beau Norman Reedus New love Cat who got the cream? Sienna Miller radiates happiness at movie screening... a week after Brad Pitt 'flirting' rumors Looked radiant Hello boys! Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope showcases her incredible physique in powder pink two-piece as she checks into health spa 'Getting Jaden ready!' Will Smith chops off son's dreadlocks on the Toronto set of their film Life in a Year It was a shockingly clean cut look Binky Felstead shows off her growing baby bump in chic jumper dress as she enjoys lunch with MIC co-stars to celebrate Stephanie Pratt's birthday Birthday girl Stephanie Pratt rings in her special day with adorable puppy Max... as she claims looking after her dog is like 'having a child' Puppy love Louis Tomlinson will not be criminally charged for LAX airport brawl and will instead attend informal hearing Singer summoned to the LA City Attorney's office t Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana returns to the home they once shared to deliver toys for their son following shock split This certainly isn't a Victoria's Secret ad! Lingerie model Rachel Hilbert goes bra-less as she poses in a sizzling new photoshoot for Maxim What Car Share needs is a pair of jump leads and a lot more spark: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Stuck in first gear PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Heavily pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe shows off her bump in floral swimsuit as she enjoys babymoon in Tenerife with beau Greg Lake Friendly exes: Sienna Miller is spotted with former fiance Tom Sturridge in New York.... amid claims Brad Pitt was 'seriously flirting' with her Kelly Rowland flashes her legs in floral frock as she promotes new book in NYC after getting VERY candid about her post-pregnancy body Lea Seydoux flaunts her toned physique in an elegant trouser suit at Louis Vuitton dinner three months after 'giving birth to baby boy George' Leggy beauty Miranda Kerr looks impossibly chic in a prim lace dress and smart leather coat at Louis Vuitton bash in Paris Elegant attire Revealed: Connie Britton was network's top choice to play Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope before Scandal creator insisted on black actress From the Fast and the Furious to R&R: Jordana Brewster stuns in navy polka dot bikini as she hits the beach in Hawaii with her young sons Leading man Larry Lamb cuts a dapper figure as he leads the stars at the premiere of his new movie The Hatton Garden Job in London Heaven sent! Zara Holland shows off enviably toned figure as she promotes new swimwear brand by stomping through London in a bikini Frock star! Jennifer Garner vamps up her look with sexy little black dress and heels on solo outing Swapped her usual casual attire Gigi Hadid plays the modern pin-up girl with big hair and busty Tommy Hilfiger shirt after posing for the brand's new denim line campaign Pregnant Tamsin Egerton displays her baby bump in a loose T-shirt and jeans as she steps out with boyfriend Josh Hartnett Family joy David Beckham is left dripping in sweat following an intense workout session at SoulCycle in Los Angeles  Ripped 'It's a lot of work': Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin share ELLE covers with four other models as they reflect on fashion industry Shared spotlight Trouble and stripe! Michelle Keegan wears skimpy vest top and cropped jeans as she heads out into the sunshine with husband Mark Wright   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham looks unusually casual as she and husband David wear matching black workout gear during family day out in sun-soaked LA Gerard Butler shows off his softer side with sweet co-star as he continues to film scenes for latest flick Keepers in Scotland Filming continues 'I haven't had any complaints!' Dennis Quaid reveals he has had a threesome, discusses his manhood and admits to calling ex-wife Meg Ryan Baby on the way! Laguna Beach alum Talan Torriero announces he's expecting first child with wife Danielle Baby joy 'A new great love': Grey's Anatomy star Camilla Luddington and her partner Matthew Alan welcome baby daughter Hayden Baby joy Lovely in leather! Make-up free Ashley Graham ditches the glamour for sleek biker jacket and comfy sweatpants Casual So in sync! Christine Lampard and husband Frank step out for shopping spree in matching ensembles... after she confesses to jealousy over her man Oi oi, saveloy! Danniella Westbrook chows down on a meaty treat after going for a jog in the sunshine... ahead of jetting off to Spain for rehab TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off her pert posterior in skinny jeans and a backless top as she steps out after Danielle Armstrong brawl Vin Diesel teams up with Michelle Rodriguez to promote The Fate of the Furious in New York as his secret tribute to Paul Walker in the film is revealed Pink to make 'em wink! Glamorous Pamela Anderson shows off her cleavage in a pastel pencil dress as she sips fizz from her balcony in Venice Liam Gallagher cuts a sporty figure as he goes out and about with girlfriend Debbie Gwyther in London Do you know something we don't? Gemma Arterton is the picture of elegance in white silk trousers and semi-sheer blouse as she discusses Hollywood sexism at BUILD Series interview Model Lily-Rose Depp munches on McNuggets as she makes an emergency fast food pit stop after touching down in Paris Chowing down 'My job is to protect my boys': Jeff Brazier reveals 'awkward' chat about the HPV virus with son Freddy... and admits the vaccine could have saved Jade Goody 'Perfect shades of pink!' Make-up free Sofia Vergara shows colorful cheeks after running a '102 fever' from filming in the rain in Rome 'My greatest fear is becoming fat again': Gary Barlow opens up about his strict diet as reveals he takes home cooked food to work just like the rest of us Helen Skelton and rugby player husband Richie Myler announce the arrival of a second son by posting sweet snap TV presenter gave birth Zara Holland swaps sizzling swimwear for skinny jeans as she steps out in London with her glamorous mum Cheryl following break in Barbados TOWIE's Amber Turner flaunts her toned figure in a skimpy black crop top and leggings as she hits the gym She's been at the centre of several dramas 'They'll never be friends': TOWIE's James Lock reveals girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou and ex Danielle Armstrong haven't spoken since shock brawl 'You only help rich families save money': Viewers blast Susanna Reid's 'budget' cookery show for assisting a couple who spend £205 a week on food Isn't it Spring? Hollyoaks star Nikki Sanderson sports a unseasonably warm bobble hat as she hits the shops in Manchester Feeling the chill? Harry Styles shows off his effortlessly cool style as he arrives in New York ahead of debut solo performance on Saturday Night Live Going solo PICTURED: Tori Spelling rocks casual dungarees as she is spotted out and about for the first time since delivering her FIFTH child Beau 'It looks like he has a skin condition!' Holly Hagan undergoes first round of laser surgery to remove traumatic tattoo of ex Kyle Christie's face Make-up free Danielle Lloyd masks her baby bump during day out with fiancé Michael O'Neill... after revealing they explored gender selection for a daughter 'You looked like JLo': Eamonn Holmes grovels to wife Ruth Langsford after declaring Charlotte Hawkins 'the most beautiful bride he's ever seen' My angels! Drew Barrymore enjoys outing with her sparkly mini-me daughters Olive and Frankie in New York City Out and about 'Twinning with my mommy!' Real Housewives Of New Jersey's Ashlee Holmes wears matching outfits with seven-month-old son 'It's not going to happen!' Lisa Kudrow puts final nail in Friends movie coffin... as she talks about THAT creepy celebrity guest star Ed Sheeran settles $20M lawsuit over hit song Photograph following claims he 'copied and exploited' X Factor winner Matt Cardle's track Amazing  'Time to get lei'd!' Kendra Wilkinson gets a little cheeky as she shares swimsuit snaps with husband Hank Baskett in Hawaii Family break MTV reality star and friend of Jennifer Lawrence, Clay Adler, dies aged 27 after shooting himself in the head in the desert in front of his friends 'I haven't got any boobs': Trinny Woodall embraces her pert bust after baring all in bizarre video... as fans are left 'shocked' by her appearance Michelle Williams looks effortlessly chic as she cosies up in a tan coat for a spring break in Paris after filming new movie in New York City Chic 'Fake abs for $11.81!': Ludacris mocks himself for CGI muscles with link to body prop after fans roast new music video Hit back at critics Bradley Walsh reveals plans to release more music after he beat Zayn Malik to for biggest-selling debut album in Britain Hey, big seller 'So much better than I ever imagined!' Katherine Heigl gushes about her diverse family now she's a mother of three Happy families 'Megan's annoyed I didn't call': TOWIE's Chloe Sims is adamant she owes co-star McKenna nothing over THOSE Pete Wicks rumours Tom Cruise slips into character as he films thrilling action sequences on motorcycle and in a helicopter on set of M:I6 - Mission Impossible 'I'm representing the four-pack': Ludacris jokes about being 'the smallest guy on set' compared to burly F8 co-stars Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel A Laurel laughs! Steve Coogan continues to transform into iconic comedy character whilst donning a navy beret for new biopic in Bristol 'Finding a sense of self not just in front of the camera!' Emma Roberts reveals what's next after almost two decades of acting as she stars in style shoot 'Your vajayjay won't look the same': Kelly Rowland candidly details how pregnancy and birth affected her body, from 'bleeding' to 'UFO nipples'  Pregnant Chelsee Healey proudly shows off her burgeoning bump in tight ribbed pink dress as she celebrates 26 weeks milestone Blossoming bump Katie Price defends controversial pictures of daughter Princess, nine, mimicking poses... as she appears with disabled son Harvey to promote anti-bullying 'I remember being hungry and afraid': Simone Biles cries while talking about how she was adopted by her grandparents after birth mother's drug abuse Hop to it! From Tyra Banks' LILAC lips to Kristen Stewart's metallic pink lids, we show you how to wear pastel without looking like an Easter egg No time to make lunch, Pippa? Miss Middleton is spotted carrying goods from a pricey Kensington eatery as the wedding countdown officially begins  Fun day at the office: Paula Patton giggles between takes on set while filming Somewhere Between with co-star Devon Sawa 'Can't wait to marry you!': Julianne Hough gushes about fiancé Brooks Laich as she shares Instagram snap of hockey hunk Paid tribute to her fiance I Got You! Cher causes a commotion at a celebrity hot spot with restaurant workers forming a human wall to keep the diva safe Fans in a frenzy 'This continuity is ridiculous!' EastEnders fans go wild for blunder as they see Michelle Fowler's hair grow INCHES in a matter of minutes 'I don't think the US has changed me': Cat Deeley insists she's still down-to-earth after THAT restaurant rant... but admits she'd only return for huge pay Her two loves! Famke Janssen enjoys leisurely bike ride with boyfriend Cole Frates and her beloved pet pooch Licorice Sporty Kate Beckinsale, 43, shows off age-defying physique in sizzling selfie as bikini-clad daughter Lily, 18, proves good looks run in the family in beach snap 'She had a similar shape to mine': Tracee Ellis Ross credits Jennifer Lopez for improving her self image after years of 'idolizing skinny models' Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum dons a very skimpy dress as she enjoys the nightlife on party isle Ibiza with a friend Partying in style Don't be a Coachella cliché! FEMAIL recreates looks that cool girls Zoë Kravitz, Kendall Jenner and Taylor Swift wear to the annual music festival  'This is a real riot': Orange Is The New Black season five teaser picks up on Daya Diaz's gun-wielding cliff-hanger Dramatic 'There's nothing sexier than life experience': Connie Britton, 50, talks ageing in Hollywood as she flaunts her legs on cover of Good Housekeeping Robert Kardashian KNEW OJ Simpson was guilty claims Caitlyn Jenner but joined defense team to get back at his recently remarried ex Kris  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Johnny Depp turns director as he toys with camera before puffing a cigarette while playing cop in LAbyrinth Portrays LAPD detective Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Back Comprehensive, authoritative and easy to digest, Econsultancy’s award-winning research offers practical advice on all aspects of digital business, marketing and ecommerce. Subscribe Now Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Research Best Practice Best Practice Guides Elearning Analyst-led Roundtables Toolkits and Templates Market Data Internet Statistics Compendium Survey Reports Supplier Selection Supplier Directory RFPs Top 100 Digital Agencies Report Trends & Innovation Case Studies Database Digital Shift Trends Reports Browse all Research Channels Advertising Content Customer Experience Data & Analytics Ecommerce Email & eCRM Mobile Search Marketing Social Strategy & Operations B2B Innovation & Trends Econsultancy subscriptions are designed to help individuals and teams make the most of digital. Find out more Subscriber Research & Data Featured How chatbots and AI might impact the B2C financial services industry 3 Apr 2017 A day in the life of... a data scientist in an AI company 28 Mar 2017 How we built our Facebook chatbot: What does it do, and what's the point? 28 Mar 2017 More from our Blog Econsultancy Newsletter Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. View a sample Daily Pulse Latest digital marketing and ecommerce insight from multi- award-winning team of analysts and experts. Popular blog tags More from our Blog Blog Future of Digital Marketing London The Digitals Awards Ceremony Festival of Marketing Events Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Event Types Conferences Digital Shift Awards Roundtables Webinars Find out more Digital Cream Econsultancy's Digital Cream is one of the landmark industry moderated roundtable events for marketers. Sydney, September 2017 Singapore, November 2017 Festival of Marketing London, October 2016 The Masters of Marketing Awards London, October 2016 Featured Events Supercharged: Marketers and Machines London, July 2017 Digital Therapy Live London, May 2017 Digital Shift Innovation Webinar Q2 Online, April 2017 View all Events Econsultancy regularly hosts exciting and informative events for multi-disciplines all over the globe. Find out more Events Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index Training Navigator Public Training Courses Regular training courses run globally for individuals across all digital topics including Search, Ecommerce, Email, Analytics and more. Custom Training Your team is not like any other. You're addressing specific challenges and opportunities with a particular skill set. That's where our bespoke, in-company digital training comes in. Elearning Econsultancy's elearning modules offer a comprehensive and convenient introduction to core digital marketing and ecommerce skills when you or your team need to get up to speed quickly. Online Classroom The Econsultancy Online Classroom provides all the advantages of our face-to-face training, with the added benefit of a flexible, online format that allows you to learn wherever you are. Accessible now as an upgrade to the Econsultancy subscription. Digital Skills Index Lite Identify your knowledge gaps and compare yourself with your peers. Training Navigator Find the ideal training course for you. Featured Training Fast Track Digital Marketing Intensive: Mastering eCRM Mobile UX (User Experience) & Marketing Programmatic View all Training Courses Up-to-date and relevant training from our passionate researchers, analysts, consultants and practitioners. Find out more Training Econsultancy's Digital Transformation programme helps companies identify the gaps between where they are and where they need to be, then closes them. Find out more Digital Skills Assessment Identify your team’s knowledge gaps and get benchmarked against others in your industry. Digital Maturity Audit Uncover areas of weaknesses in your digital capabilities with a clear scoring framework to address these factors. Econsultancy's Digital Transformation helps the world's biggest brands accelerate their journey to digital excellence. Find out more Transformation Jobs Find a Supplier Search our directory containing profiles of organisations, including agencies, consultancies, technology vendors, freelancers and contractors, who provide digital marketing or ecommerce services, solutions or technology. Add your Supplier Profile To get found and noticed you’ll need a Full Profile. Get a Full Profile today and you could benefit from up to 400 leads per year. Supplier Selection Our Research Buyer's Guides, RFPs and Agency Top 100 to help you find a supplier. Advice If you're transforming your organisation's digital capabilities, skills and resources, talk to us. Econsultancy's Supplier Directory contains over 2,000 suppliers and is growing all the time. Find Out More Supplier Directory Blog Email Marketing Twitter Facebook Events Conferences Awards Roundtables Digital Shift Webinars Briefings Social Events Training Public Training Courses Custom Training Elearning Digital Skills Index More Transformation Supplier Directory Press Releases About Econsultancy Contact Us More Log In Email Password Remember me I've forgotten my password or need to reset it Not registered with us? Register for free In: Back {{ filter.name }} ({{ filter.count | formatThousends }}) Filter by: Back {{ searchResult.type }} {{ searchResult.published_at | date:'d MMMM yyyy' }} Show more Loading ... {{ item.title }} {{ item.short_summary }} {{ em.name }}{{ $last ? '' : ',' }} Show more Loading ... Enter a search term such as “mobile analytics” or browse our content using the filters above. That’s not only a poor Scrabble score but we also couldn’t find any results matching “”. Check your spelling or try broadening your search. Sorry about this, there is a problem with our search at the moment. Please try again later. You are here: Blog Share 11 April, 2017 Could established financial services firms lose a quarter of their revenue to fintechs? By Patricio Robles 0 comments Upstart fintech companies are disrupting established financial services players, namely large banks, but just how serious a threat are these upstarts to firms that collectively control trillions of dollars of capital? According to a new study conducted by PricewaterhouseCoopers, which polled more than 1,300 executives, established financial services firms could lose nearly a quarter (24%) of their revenue to fintechs in the next three to five years. If that came to pass, it would represent a major upheaval in the financial services market and could force many of them to make drastic changes, including potential mass layoffs. Of the executives PwC surveyed, 88% indicated that they believe their firms are threatened by fintech firms that offer standalone financial services. By focusing on specific segments of financial services, fintechs have in many cases been able to build better technologies and products than entrenched firms. And on top of those better technologies and products, many are delivering better overall experiences than established firms. That has encouraged consumers to "unbundle" the financial services they purchase, making the days of giving all their business to one or two companies, such as a national or regional bank, a thing of the past. Segments of the financial services industry that PwC has identified as being most vulnerable to standalone fintechs and unbundling are payments, money transfers and lending. Down, not out? But are established financial services firms really so vulnerable that they could lose a quarter of their revenue in the next several years? That figure is a significant one, but it's not as far-fetched as it might seem. For evidence that change can occur quickly in the typically slow-moving market, consider the following: Following its fake account scandal, Wells Fargo, considered by many to be the best-managed big bank in the U.S. after it emerged from the Great Recession largely unscathed, recently revealed that new checking account openings have dropped by 43% year-over-year and new credit card applications have plunged by an even greater amount (55%) year-over-year. Non-bank lenders, many of which conduct business primarily online, have grown their share of the consumer, business and mortgage loan markets substantially since the Great Recession. And their visibility among borrowers only continues to increase. For example, according to a J.D. Power study, 60% of small business owners who applied for a loan in the past 12 months considered a non-bank lender. At the fastest growing small businesses, that number increases to nearly two-thirds (74%). The good news for large financial services firms is that most of them clearly recognize that they are being disrupted and are taking action. 82% of the executives PwC polled indicated that the coming years would see increased partnership between their firms and fintechs, and many of their firms are investing in homegrown initiatives that could help thwart competition from fintechs. For example, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon recently mentioned that his firm spent more than half a billion dollars last year on "emerging fintech solutions." That's a huge amount when compared to the capital available to the average fintech, but still just a relatively small portion of the $9.5bn his firm invested in technology generally. But it's not clear that the abundance of capital is even beneficial to big financial services firms. Fintechs are largely succeeding by focusing on a very specific segment of the broader financial services market, building better customer experiences, and taking advantage of their ability to move in a nimble fashion. They largely don't have to worry about large legacy systems, and their priorities aren't pulled in a million different directions because they don't have a million different lines of business. In other words, contrary to what financial giants might be inclined to believe, older, bigger and richer can bring with it many liabilities for established institutions – liabilities that many fintechs are successfully taking advantage of. From this perspective, the greatest challenge large financial services firms have in addressing the fintech threat might be themselves, not the fintechs. Those that don't want to risk losing a big chunk of their revenue base would be wise to recognize that instead of trying to crush fintechs, they should try to emulate them. Published 11 April, 2017 by Patricio Robles Patricio Robles is a tech reporter at Econsultancy. Follow him on Twitter. 2469 more posts from this author 0 comments Research, Banks, Fintech, Jp Morgan, Customer Experience, Strategy & Operations, Financial Services, US, Americas Comments (0) Comment 
 Log in or sign up to post this comment Send me notifications of follow up comments Save or Cancel Insight delivered daily to your inbox Our market-leading Daily Pulse newsletter is an invaluable source for digital and ecommerce analysis, inspiration and learning. Advertise here » Posts trending now How Target, Birchbox and Sainsbury's ensure customer experience is king 6 days ago Website design briefs: Be very careful what you ask for 7 days ago Five tips to maximize your mailing list signups 7 days ago Enjoying this article? Get more just like this, delivered to your inbox. Keep up to date with the latest analysis, inspiration and learning from the Econsultancy blog with our free Daily Pulse newsletter. Each weekday, you ll receive a hand-picked digest of the latest and greatest articles, as well as snippets of new market data, best practice guides and trends research. Most Popular Research Template Files for Digital Marketing and Web Projects Internet Statistics Compendium Checkout Optimization Guide: 70 Ways to Increase Conversion Rates Popular Report Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Ecommerce User Experience and Usability Popular Training Topics User Experience and Usability Social Ecommerce Email Marketing Affiliate Marketing Popular Event Topics Organic/Natural Search (SEO) Social Multichannel Marketing User Experience and Usability Ecommerce More Blog Events Training Supplier Directory About Us Our Team Marketing Solutions Clients Contact Privacy & Cookies Policy Website Terms and Conditions Site Map Copyright © 2017 Econsultancy.com Limited. All rights reserved. This material is for personal use only. Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy. Part of
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: PNC Financial Has a Major Advantage The Pennsylvania-based bank has the lowest efficiency ratio in its peer group. Motley Fool Staff Apr 11, 2017 at 8:40AM When it comes to analyzing bank stocks, few metrics are as important as the efficiency ratio, which reflects the percentage of a bank's net revenue that's consumed by operating expenses. But while most banks struggle to get their efficiency ratios below 60%, PNC Financial (NYSE:PNC) turned in a ratio of 52.5% last year, ranking it first in its peer group. Listen in to the following segment of Industry Focus: Financials, as The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and contributor John Maxfield discuss PNC Financial's industry-leading efficiency ratio, as well as its two primary profitability metrics. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 3, 2017. Gaby Lapera: The reason we're talking about PNC Bank is because we talked about how great U.S. Bancorp's efficiency ratio is, and PNC Bank has an even better one. John Maxfield: Yeah. If you think about it, when you're analyzing banks as an investor, there's a couple of statistics that are really central that you're going to want to check first. Efficiency ratio is one of those. We talked about it last week, the efficiency ratio tells you the percentage of net revenue that is being consumed by operating expenses. Most banks want to get around 60%, that's what most are targeting right now. But PNC's efficiency ratio is 52.5%. So, what does that mean? The average bank in its peer group has a 62% efficiency ratio. What that means is that 10% more of PNC's revenue is available to pay taxes, cover loan-loss provisions, and to drop to the bottom line. So it has an enormous advantage right out of the chute. Lapera: Definitely. And the things that make up the efficiency ratio are expenses and assets.  Maxfield: Expenses and revenue, rather. Lapera: Expenses and revenue, sorry. Not assets. Thank you. What I was going to say is, PNC has the highest revenue as a percent of asset. PNC does have the highest revenue as a percent of assets in its class, and it's over 1%, which is great. That's generally what you want to see in banks, anything over 1% is gravy. Most banks are not there yet. Maxfield: I think we mixed up some numbers. Their revenue as a percent of assets is 4.92%, which is the highest in its peer group, and its peer group are the really large, too-big-to-fail banks, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, plus other large regional banks. So that's the largest with one exception, and that is Capital One. The reason that Capital One's revenue is so high as a percentage of assets is because a very large portion of its loan portfolio consists of credit card loans, and those yield, as everybody knows, a lot more than, say, a home mortgage does. So its revenue as a percent of assets is the top in its peer group. But then, if you translate that over into profitability, that's where that 1.1% return on assets is. When you're talking about profitability for banks, there's two measures that you want to look at: your return on assets and your return on equity. Return on assets is basically your unlevered profitability. Your return on equity is your levered profitability. Here's the interesting thing about PNC, and this is one of the reasons that it doesn't pop up a lot when investors are looking for the top-performing banks -- it's because their return on common equity last year was 8.58%. When you're looking for a 10% return on equity, you think, that's actually meaningfully below that standard industry benchmark that you want to see. But the reason that it's below, as we see with its good return on assets, is just because it's not very levered, which means it's a very safe bank that's still earning a lot of money if you look at it on a levered basis. Lapera: Yes. And in my defense, 4.92% is above 1%. [laughs]  Maxfield: [laughs] Absolutely.  Gaby Lapera owns shares of JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Apr 11, 2017 at 8:40AM Financials Stocks PNC Financial Services NYSE:PNC $118.03 down $0.34 (-0.29%) Read More 3 Regional Banks That Return the Most Capital to Shareholders The Top-Performing Big Bank Stocks From the Past Decade Forget Bank of America Corporation: Here Are 4 Better Dividend Stocks The 5 Most Profitable Big Banks in America Instant Analysis: PNC Financial Misses on Q1 Revenue, EPS Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current PNC Financial Has a Major Advantage @themotleyfool #stocks $PNC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Trivago NV - - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trivago NV - with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 3M Co (MMM) Shares Sold by Northstar Group Inc. Hefty Wealth Partners Has $1.197 Million Stake in 3M Co (MMM) Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 183,250 Shares of Trivago NV – (TRVG) Peregrine Capital Management LLC Has $11.091 Million Stake in Renasant Corp. (RNST) Fulton Bank N.A. Buys Shares of 2,994 NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Fulton Bank N.A. Has $307,000 Position in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Peregrine Capital Management LLC Sells 4,296 Shares of Horace Mann Educators Co. (HMN) Fulton Bank N.A. Has $352,000 Stake in Deere & Company (DE) Trust Co Has $1.989 Million Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Initiates Share Repurchase Plan Simulations Plus, Inc. (SLP) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.01 EPS Share Buyback Plan Approved by Home Bancshares (HOMB) Lifeway Foods, Inc. (LWAY) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.03 EPS Stock Buyback Plan Declared by Foot Locker (FL) Board Estee Lauder Companies (EL) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds North American Energy Partners Buys 100,000 Shares of North American Energy Partners Inc. (NOA) Stock Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC) CEO Sells $584,414.52 in Stock Very Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Effect Legg Mason (LM) Stock Price Alan Glazer Sells 25,040 Shares of Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) Stock OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 183,250 Shares of Trivago NV – (TRVG) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Manning & Napier Advisors LLC decreased its position in shares of Trivago NV – (NASDAQ:TRVG) by 40.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 266,750 shares of the company’s stock after selling 183,250 shares during the period. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC owned 0.11% of Trivago NV – worth $3,474,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Trivago NV – during the fourth quarter worth about $20,562,000. EastBay Asset Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Trivago NV – during the fourth quarter worth about $13,262,000. Boothbay Fund Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Trivago NV – during the fourth quarter worth about $247,000. MSD Partners L.P. bought a new position in shares of Trivago NV – during the fourth quarter worth about $3,072,000. Finally, Fir Tree Inc. bought a new position in shares of Trivago NV – during the fourth quarter worth about $13,623,000. Shares of Trivago NV – (NASDAQ:TRVG) opened at 13.02 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $12.43 and its 200 day moving average price is $12.13. The company’s market capitalization is $3.11 billion. Trivago NV – has a 52-week low of $10.88 and a 52-week high of $14.20. Trivago NV – (NASDAQ:TRVG) last announced its earnings results on Friday, February 24th. The company reported $0.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.01. The business had revenue of $169.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $173.91 million. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 70.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Trivago NV – will post $0.06 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 183,250 Shares of Trivago NV – (TRVG)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/manning-napier-advisors-llc-sells-183250-shares-of-trivago-nv-trvg.html. Several analysts recently issued reports on the company. Cowen and Company cut Trivago NV – from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and cut their target price for the stock from $15.00 to $13.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $16.00 target price on shares of Trivago NV – in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Trivago NV – in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Citigroup Inc reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Trivago NV – in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $17.00 target price on shares of Trivago NV – in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $14.88. Trivago NV – Company Profile Trivago NV is a company based in the Netherlands that operates an online hotel search platform. The platform allows users to search for, compare and book hotels. It gathers information from various third parties’ platforms and provides information about the hotel, pictures, ratings, reviews and filters, such as price, location and extra options. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TRVG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Trivago NV – (NASDAQ:TRVG). Receive News & Ratings for Trivago NV - Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trivago NV - and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CENTRAL TRUST Co Decreases Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) CENTRAL TRUST Co Has $623,000 Position in DTE Energy Co (DTE) Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Position Decreased by CENTRAL TRUST Co HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Coverage Initiated at Aegis CNH Industrial NV (CNHI) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Earns Outperform Rating from Cowen and Company Croda International Plc (COIHY) Lowered to Underperform at Credit Suisse Group AG Share Buyback Program Declared by America First Multifamily Investors (ATAX) Board of Directors Six Flags Entertainment Corp (SIX) Board of Directors Declares Share Buyback Plan Share Repurchase Program Declared by VF Corp (VFC) Board of Directors Stock Repurchase Program Authorized by Advanced Drainage Systems (WMS) Board of Directors Stock Buyback Program Declared by Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Insider Selling: Share Plc. (SHRE) Insider Sells £12,202.11 in Stock Insider Buying: Quarto Group Inc (QRT) Insider Purchases £10,421.35 in Stock Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Intermolecular (IMI) Stock Price Somewhat Critical News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect IntelliPharmaCeutics Intl (IPCI) Share Price MidWestOne Financial Group, Inc. (MOFG) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (SRPT) Raised to “Buy” at SunTrust Banks, Inc. D.R. Horton (DHI) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Cedar Realty Trust Inc (CDR) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.13 Per Share CENTRAL TRUST Co Decreases Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CENTRAL TRUST Co lowered its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) by 3.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 22,094 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock after selling 826 shares during the period. CENTRAL TRUST Co’s holdings in Vodafone Group Plc were worth $584,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 31.0% in the fourth quarter. Hotchkis & Wiley Capital Management LLC now owns 16,251,160 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $397,016,000 after buying an additional 3,848,108 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 60.8% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 8,392,856 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $205,037,000 after buying an additional 3,173,700 shares during the last quarter. Morgan Stanley increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 26.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 12,976,510 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $378,265,000 after buying an additional 2,700,640 shares during the last quarter. Highfields Capital Management LP increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 676.5% in the fourth quarter. Highfields Capital Management LP now owns 2,537,817 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $61,999,000 after buying an additional 2,211,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 27.2% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 7,799,564 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $227,357,000 after buying an additional 1,665,847 shares during the last quarter. 9.59% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) opened at 25.73 on Tuesday. Vodafone Group Plc has a 52-week low of $24.17 and a 52-week high of $34.70. The company has a 50-day moving average of $25.89 and a 200-day moving average of $26.10. The stock’s market capitalization is $71.82 billion. WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/central-trust-co-decreases-position-in-vodafone-group-plc-vod.html. A number of brokerages recently commented on VOD. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. HSBC Holdings plc downgraded shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a report on Sunday, January 8th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $30.35. About Vodafone Group Plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VOD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD). Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Analysts Consensus For Compass Group (LON:CPG) Analyst Coverage Updates - Communisis (LON:CMS) Collagen Solutions (LON:COS) Recent Analyst Updates Analyst Coverage Updates - Cohort (LON:CHRT) Weekly Broker Update - Coca-Cola HBC AG (CDI) (LON:CCH) Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Tue, Apr 11th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Brian Radcliffe Broker Changes For Shake Shack, Inc. (NYSE:SHAK) Recently stock market analysts have updated their consensus ratings on shares of Shake Shack, Inc. (NYSE:SHAK). Most recent broker ratings 04/05/2017 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at Goldman Sachs. They now have a USD 30 price target on the stock. 03/20/2017 – Shake Shack, Inc. was upgraded to “neutral” by analysts at Wedbush. They now have a USD 33 price target on the stock. 03/02/2017 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “underweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a USD 34 price target on the stock. 03/02/2017 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at SunTrust. They now have a USD 49 price target on the stock. 03/02/2017 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at Buckingham Research. They now have a USD 39 price target on the stock. 11/10/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at BTIG Research. They now have a USD 40 price target on the stock. 11/10/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “equal weight” rating reiterated by analysts at Barclays. They now have a USD 40 price target on the stock. 11/10/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Jefferies. They now have a USD 38 price target on the stock. 08/11/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at JP Morgan. 03/30/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. was upgraded to “buy” by analysts at Longbow Research. They now have a USD 46 price target on the stock. 03/08/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus. 01/19/2016 – Shake Shack, Inc. was upgraded to “outperform” by analysts at William Blair. 09/11/2015 – Cowen began new coverage on Shake Shack, Inc. giving the company a “market perform” rating. They now have a USD 42 price target on the stock. 05/15/2015 – Shake Shack, Inc. was upgraded to “buy” by analysts at Zacks. They now have a USD 78 price target on the stock. Shake Shack, Inc. has a 50 day moving average of 33.24 and a 200 day moving average of 34.75. The stock’s market capitalization is 839.24M, it has a 52-week low of 30.36 and a 52-week high of 42.94. The share price of the company (NYSE:SHAK) was up +1.23% during the last trading session, with a high of 33.11 and the volume of Shake Shack, Inc. shares traded was 637639. Shake Shack Inc. operates roadside burger stands. The Company serves an American menu of burgers, hot dogs, crispy chicken, frozen custard, crinkle cut fries, shakes, beer and wine, among others. The Company’s signature items are its all-natural, hormone and antibiotic-free burgers, hot dogs, crispy chicken, crinkle cut fries, shakes and frozen custard. Its menu focuses on food and beverages, crafted from a range of classic American foods. The Company’s domestic menu includes a range of signature items, such as the ShackBurger, SmokeShack, Shack-cago Dog, ‘Shroom Burger, seasonal frozen custard, hand-spun shakes, concretes, ShackMeister Ale, and Shack Red and Shack White wines. As of December 28, 2016, it had 114 Shacks in 13 countries and 16 states, as well as the District of Columbia. Its burgers are made with a whole-muscle blend of all-natural, hormone and antibiotic-free Angus beef, ground fresh daily, cooked to order and served on a non-genetically modified organism potato bun. More from Reuters » Receive Shake Shack, Inc. News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shake Shack, Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Analysts Consensus For Compass Group (LON:CPG) Analyst Coverage Updates – Communisis (LON:CMS) Collagen Solutions (LON:COS) Recent Analyst Updates Analyst Coverage Updates – Cohort (LON:CHRT) Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider Early movers: UAL, DIS, WFM, YELP, SDRL, WDC & more Fred Imbert | @foimbert 18 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Andrew Burton | Getty Images Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: United Continental — CEO Oscar Munoz said in an email to employees that the company "followed established procedures" when it removed a passenger from an overbooked flight. Munoz added the removed passenger was being "disruptive and belligerent." The company's stock slipped more than 2 percent in the premarket. Qualcomm — The chipmaker is countersuing Apple in a dispute over mobile technology licensing fees. The countersuit comes about three months after the iPhone maker said Qualcomm has been charging royalties for "technologies they have nothing to do with." Dialog Semiconductor — An analyst at German bank Bankhaus Lampe said Dialog may lose a contract with Apple as the tech giant considers making its own battery-saving chip for the iPhone, according to Reuters. Whole Foods — The company's stock jumped nearly 10 percent Monday after Jana Partners took a 9 percent stake in it. Jana also suggested the grocer should consider takeover offers. Yelp —Analysts at Pacific Crest upgraded Yelp's stock to overweight from sector weight and set a price target of $43, representing a 31.3 percent potential upside. "We believe competitive concerns over YELP's relevance are overdone, while self-serve's ease and utility are underappreciated," Pacific Crest said in a note. Western Digital — The firm's stock rose more than 2 percent in the premarket after analysts at JPMorgan upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "neutral," and raised their price target to $116 from $80. JPMorgan also said Western Digital still has "significant potential" to reduce costs once synergies from the HGST and Sandisk acquisitions are realized. Walt Disney — Goldman Sachs added Disney to its "Conviction List," saying a strong box-office performance "increases our confidence in our forecast that FY18 EPS growth will accelerate to 13% (from 6% in FY17)." Southwest Airlines — CEO Gary Kelly's compensation in 2016 totaled $6.2 million — slightly higher than his 2015 earnings — according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. Seadrill — Seadrill's shares soared more than 10 percent in the premarket after announcing contract awards from ConocoPhillips. Fred ImbertNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change UAL --- QCOM --- DLG --- WFM --- YELP --- LUV --- WDC --- DIS --- SDRL ---
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LATAM Airlines Group SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LATAM Airlines Group SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News LATAM Airlines Group SA (LFL) Earning Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Realty Income Corp (O) Earning Critical News Coverage, Analysis Shows Analysts Anticipate Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCB) to Post $0.49 Earnings Per Share Bank of Hawaii (BOH) Receives News Sentiment Rating of -0.39 GulfMark Offshore (GLF) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.29 Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Shares Sold by Quadrature Capital Ltd United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Position Boosted by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. L Brands’ (LB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Hold Rating for EQT Co. (EQT) NetApp’s (NTAP) Hold Rating Reiterated at Robert W. Baird Quadrature Capital Ltd Invests $478,000 in Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Buys New Position in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Norges Bank Invests $20.316 Million in NovaGold Resources Inc. (NG) New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Price Target Cut to $13.00 Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Issued By Wedbush Norges Bank Takes Position in J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Norges Bank Takes Position in Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Sowell Financial Services LLC Invests $759,000 in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Willis Investment Counsel Buys 27,900 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) LATAM Airlines Group SA (LFL) Earning Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about LATAM Airlines Group SA (NYSE:LFL) have been trending negative recently, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. AlphaOne, a division of Accern, rates the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. LATAM Airlines Group SA earned a news impact score of -0.29 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news coverage about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the news articles that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment’s rankings: LATAM Airlines Group SA (LFL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Goldman Sachs Group Inc (americanbankingnews.com) LATAM AIRLINES GROUP S.A. ANNOUNCES PRICING OF OFFERING OF SENIOR UNSECURED NOTES (pressreleasepoint.com) LATAM Airlines Group SA (LFL) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages (americanbankingnews.com) Here’s Why You Should Hold onto Spirit Airlines (SAVE) Now (zacks.com) Shares of LATAM Airlines Group SA (NYSE:LFL) opened at 13.29 on Tuesday. LATAM Airlines Group SA has a 12 month low of $5.81 and a 12 month high of $13.48. The firm has a market capitalization of $8.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 104.65 and a beta of 1.63. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $11.46 and a 200 day moving average price of $9.61. Several equities analysts have commented on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of LATAM Airlines Group SA from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $8.40 to $13.00 in a research report on Friday. TheStreet raised shares of LATAM Airlines Group SA from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $9.00 target price on shares of LATAM Airlines Group SA and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, March 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of LATAM Airlines Group SA in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. They set a “hold” rating and a $10.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of LATAM Airlines Group SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $9.25 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $10.18. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “LATAM Airlines Group SA (LFL) Earning Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/latam-airlines-group-sa-lfl-earning-negative-media-coverage-study-shows.html. LATAM Airlines Group SA Company Profile LATAM Airlines Group SA is a Chile-based company, which is engaged in passenger and cargo air transportation, both in the domestic markets of Chile, Peru, Argentina, Colombia, Ecuador and Brazil and in a developed series of regional and international routes in America, Europe and Oceania. These businesses are performed directly or through its subsidiaries in different countries. Receive News & Ratings for LATAM Airlines Group SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LATAM Airlines Group SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Apr 122017 E- Edition Newspaper Apr 12, 2017 Last Updated at 10:04 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport National Life to float 25 per cent shares to public before August NRIs in Oman are not entitled to an Aadhaar Card A new international school will soon open in Oman Traders are pleading with landlords to reduce rent Oman inflation in March rose to 2.82 per cent Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Sultan Qaboos University listed among the best young universities globally UK seeks to boost trade with Oman by a billion pounds State Council Office discusses capital market and banking sector development in Oman Oman issues Government Treasury bills worth OMR65 million Oman, Lithuania sign joint communiqué   Helping underprivileged families in Oman is this firm’s way of giving back OmanPride: Courtyard culture comes to Oman OmanPride: Promoting the use of herbal medicines OmanPride: Mrunal Khimji, experiencing life through design OmanPride: Designer creates beautiful sandals inspired by Omani culture World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Macron, Le Pen hold French election lead but investors eye Melenchon surge Fire destroys French migrant camp, leaving hundreds homeless United shares fall after backlash over dragged passenger Chile's students return to streets to demand education overhaul U.S.-backed forces push back IS in Raqqa campaign Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Bank Muscat's Meethaq to finance poultry farm project Larsen & Toubro wins $817m order from Qatar National Life to float 25% shares to public before August Fall in large cap stocks pulls down Muscat bourse Opec, UAE to launch new global oil and gas database Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Oman Sail's Diam 24 crew seek more success in European racing season Brilliant De Villiers hits unbeaten 89 on return from injury Bale backs Coleman to lead Wales to 2018 World Cup Sindhu in fray for badminton athletes' commission Japan's Asada retiring, has lost 'will to compete' Opinion International Day of Human Space Flight U.S. too dependent on China A fiscal reality test for U.S. Republicans The insecurity of inequality Ukraine president's grip weakens as central bank chief quits Technology Times Digital Download: Scrubs, the story of young medical professionals Oman technology: All about Pose Game of the week: Warhammer 40,000, Dawn of War II Oman technology: All about VLC Player How digital technologies can help students learn Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman travel: Ras Al Hadd where serenity beckons On the ball: I feel blessed to play for my country - Chuck Martini Travel made easy: Is your tech ready? Anushka Sharma's next production to be a love story Today's actresses need to learn on how to be friends: Salman   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Top trending videos: April 2nd week, 2017 What's trending this week (April 13th, 2017) Top videos trending this week Weekend Events Oman 06, 07, 08 April, 2017 Oman Dining: Savour Mandi’s salty-sweet magic Business European regulators offer Brexit sweeteners to investment banks April 11, 2017 | 1:25 PM by Reuters The ECB has warned banks that if they try to cut corners by asking for back-to-back deals, they will be disappointed. - File picture x The ECB has warned banks that if they try to cut corners by asking for back-to-back deals, they will be disappointed. - File picture   Sharelines European regulators offer Brexit sweeteners to investment banks #European regulators offer #Brexit sweeteners to investment banks London/Madrid: A gap in EU financial rules is allowing member countries to compete to host the trading operations of London-based investment banks after Brexit by offering looser regulatory standards. The European Central Bank (ECB) is the euro zone's banking supervisor but, under EU law, does not have direct responsibility for the divisions of banks that conduct most of their market trading — broker-dealers — even though they are some of the most complex and riskiest parts of their businesses. This is largely because when the ECB became responsible for euro zone supervision in 2014 the bulk of broker-dealers were in London and therefore not under its purview. This means banks now looking to relocate these operations, to continue to trade continental securities after Britain leaves the EU, will have businesses approved and supervised by the national markets regulator of whichever country they move to. Countries hoping to lure banks to their financial centres after Brexit are offering differing regulatory standards, raising fears at the ECB that they could be subject to light touch supervision and undermining its aim of making financial regulation consistent across the bloc. Such inconsistencies mean broker-dealers trading the same markets in Europe could be subject to different regulatory requirements and raise the prospect that some would take on more risks than other regulators would deem appropriate. "Regardless of balance sheet size, it's currently the national regulators who will have the authority to approve and regulate the broker-dealers. That is raising concerns of inconsistencies emerging," said Vishal Vedi a partner at Deloitte who is advising banks on how they will need to reorganise as a result of Brexit. Across the euro zone, the likes of Frankfurt, Dublin, Luxembourg and Madrid are vying to lure banks, hoping to benefit from the tax revenues and jobs they would bring. Regulation is one way to differentiate themselves. One area in focus is the extent to which national regulators will allow broker-dealers to conduct "back-to-back" trading. This is where a bank would conduct trades - for example, buying European securities — out of its EU base but process and risk manage the transactions at its London office. This would minimise the and number of people a bank would have to move to Europe after Brexit as much of the trading and risk could continue to be overseen in London. But it would mean regulators in that country and the wider euro zone would not have supervisory control over the people and units that are conducting the trading and managing the risks, with minimal amounts of capital held locally at the EU unit. Spain, Germany Spain's markets regulator CNMV has said it wants to make Madrid "the most appealing option for investment firms considering a move from the UK to another EU country". According to people advising investment banks on where to move, CNMV has said it would consider allowing broker-dealers to back-to-back 100 per cent of their trades. Other regulators have also said they would allow some back-to-back trading, although will require a portion of the trades to be managed locally, those people said. "We can look into it, but we will see how this plays out and what the regulatory framework will look like in two years' time," a CNMV spokesman said when asked whether it would allow 100 percent back-to-back trading. CNMV said in December that while it wanted to be the most welcoming place in Europe for UK financial firms, it would not accept "totally empty shells" or breaches to EU securities rules. Germany's regulator Bafin has meanwhile said it would consider the limited and temporary use of back-back arrangements, according to an official there, but has indicated that it would expect banks to eventually establish a substantial operation in the country. The approach by some regulators to Brexit has created resentment among some countries. Last month Ireland complained to the European Commission that it was being undercut by rival cities competing to host financial firms looking for a European Union base outside London after Brexit. The EU's European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) has been studying ways to limit unfair competition among the bloc's national securities regulators. It declined to comment for this article. So far, banks are showing no signs of flocking to Madrid, citing other factors such as Spain's relatively low sovereign credit rating as a reason not to go there. Countries are also diverging in how banks' risk models for their broker dealers would be assessed, with some saying they would be approved immediately if they were to use the same model to the one they use in Britain. "Regulators differ in their approach to risk models — particularly around the level of reliance that they will be prepared to place on models which have already been approved in the existing UK entity and the amount of pre-assessment they will do themselves," said Deloitte's Vedi. Banks wary Most banks — publicly at least — have yet to make a final decision on where they plan to set up their broker dealers after Brexit, and executives say they are sceptical about whether they will be allowed to use workarounds like back-to-back in the long term. "We do suspect that following Brexit, there will be constant pressure by the EU not to 'outsource' services to the United Kingdom but to continue to move people and capabilities into EU subsidiaries," JPMorgan Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said in his annual letter to shareholders on Tuesday. The ECB has warned banks that if they try to cut corners by asking for back-to-back deals, they will be disappointed. But currently it does not have the legal authority to oversee broker-dealers, though sources say it is quietly trying to put pressure on countries they think are offering lower standards. The ECB declined to comment on Spain or 'back-to-back' arrangements more broadly, but instead pointed to previous comments by its officials. Sabine Lautenschlaeger, an ECB executive board member, expressed her concerns on the issue in March when she said there could be changes to EU laws to bring broker-dealers under the ECB's supervision. "Needless to say that I would certainly not accept banks booking all exposures with the euro area entity while having their risk management and internal control systems outside the euro area," she said. Regulators like CNMV are currently free to cut deals as long as they don't breach EU securities rules, but the bloc's regulatory landscape could change within a year or two and cast a shadow over any deals on regulation agreed now. The EU's executive European Commission has proposed that non-EU banking firms with banking and broker-dealer operations with total assets of more than 30 billion euros in the EU, should set up an intermediate holding company inside the bloc. An intermediate holding company would come under direct ECB supervision in euro zone countries. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Business National Life to float 25% shares to public before August Fall in large cap stocks pulls down Muscat bourse Opec, UAE to launch new global oil and gas database Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Bank Muscat's Meethaq to finance poultry farm project Larsen & Toubro wins $817m order from Qatar PREVIOUS ARTICLE Bullish trend continues NEXT ARTICLE Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of Aramco share sale Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Constellation Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Outperform Rating for Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Craig Hallum Initiates Coverage on CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) Wedbush Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) CarMax, Inc (KMX) PT Set at $70.00 by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Gabelli Initiates Coverage on KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Short Interest Update Robert W. Baird Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Earns “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity African Barrick Gold Ltd (ABGLF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates “$95.00” Price Target for Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL) Quality Systems, Inc. (QSII) Position Cut by Renaissance Technologies LLC Asure Software Inc (ASUR) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC Credit Suisse Group AG Increases NetApp Inc. (NTAP) Price Target to $35.00 Robert W. Baird Reiterates Outperform Rating for Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Aetna Inc (AET) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) Receives Buy Rating from BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Lowers Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) to Sell Alamos Gold Inc (US) (AGI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Earns Buy Rating from Needham & Company LLC AerCap Holdings (AER) Cut to Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Outperform Rating for Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) April 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a note issued to investors on Friday. They presently have a $205.00 price target on the stock, up from their previous price target of $183.00. Royal Bank of Canada’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 19.69% from the stock’s current price. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Vetr cut shares of Constellation Brands from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $163.75 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $189.00 price objective on shares of Constellation Brands in a research note on Sunday, January 8th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Constellation Brands from an “underperform” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the company from $150.00 to $175.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Constellation Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $175.00 price target for the company in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Pivotal Research increased their price target on shares of Constellation Brands from $200.00 to $220.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Constellation Brands currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $184.11. Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) opened at 171.27 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $33.48 billion, a PE ratio of 22.78 and a beta of 0.52. Constellation Brands has a one year low of $144.00 and a one year high of $175.43. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $161.28 and its 200-day moving average is $158.12. Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 6th. The company reported $1.48 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.36 by $0.12. Constellation Brands had a net margin of 16.65% and a return on equity of 19.07%. The company earned $1.63 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.59 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.19 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 5.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Constellation Brands will post $7.92 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 10th will be issued a $0.52 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 8th. This is a positive change from Constellation Brands’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.40. This represents a $2.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.21%. Constellation Brands’s dividend payout ratio is 24.73%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/11/royal-bank-of-canada-reiterates-outperform-rating-for-constellation-brands-inc-stz.html. In related news, VP F Paul Hetterich acquired 752 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 13th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $148.62 per share, for a total transaction of $111,762.24. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. 10.63% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of STZ. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 2.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 7,352,336 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,127,192,000 after buying an additional 142,341 shares during the period. Lone Pine Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 14.6% in the fourth quarter. Lone Pine Capital LLC now owns 6,380,317 shares of the company’s stock valued at $978,166,000 after buying an additional 813,625 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 2.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 4,618,946 shares of the company’s stock valued at $769,008,000 after buying an additional 123,739 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 7.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,100,732 shares of the company’s stock valued at $683,228,000 after buying an additional 292,181 shares during the period. Finally, Viking Global Investors LP raised its position in shares of Constellation Brands by 47.2% in the fourth quarter. Viking Global Investors LP now owns 3,937,015 shares of the company’s stock valued at $603,584,000 after buying an additional 1,261,755 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 75.54% of the company’s stock. About Constellation Brands Constellation Brands, Inc is an international beverage alcohol company. The Company is a producer and marketer of beer, wine and spirits with operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand and Italy. Its segments include Beer, Wine and Spirits, and Corporate Operations and Other. It is a multi-category supplier (beer, wine and spirits) of beverage alcohol in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Constellation Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bond Rigging Suit Quotes Cache of Chats to Boost Accusation by Christian Berthelsen @CBerthelsenBBG More stories by Christian Berthelsen and Matthew Leising @mattleising More stories by Matthew Leising April 10, 2017, 7:49 PM EDT April 11, 2017, 4:00 AM EDT Ten banks accused by Pennsylvania pension fund of manipulation Case concerns so-called SSA market worth up to $15 trillion Hundreds of electronic chat transcripts prove some of the world’s biggest banks rigged a multitrillion-dollar corner of the bond market, according to an amended lawsuit from investors allegedly harmed by the behavior. The bonds in question are known as supranational, sub-sovereign and agency debt -- often called SSA bonds. A Bloomberg analysis last year pegged it at a $9 trillion to $15 trillion market. Issuers include international development organizations, government-sponsored agencies like Fannie Mae, and some sovereign issuers including German states. The amended complaint filed Monday added five more banks as defendants: Citigroup Inc., BNP Paribas SA, HSBC Holdings Plc, Toronto-Dominion Bank and Royal Bank of Canada, plus a former trader who worked for Bank of America Corp., Citi and TD. They either declined to comment or didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. Dozens of pages of the transcripts are quoted in the filing, but they’re redacted in the publicly available version. The investors, led by the pension plan for an iron workers’ union in Pennsylvania, said they obtained the chats under a confidentiality agreement. There was no detail on who furnished the information or why. The case hasn’t reached the stage where the parties exchange evidence, and it’s rare that such detailed information is made available at this stage. ‘Smoking Gun’ “Rare is the antitrust case where smoking gun evidence exists, and rarer still does it exist at the pleading stage,” according to the lawsuit. “Nevertheless, that is the situation here.” The chats are said to cover more than 300 trading days. Bloomberg has previously reported that the U.S. Justice Department is conducting a criminal investigation into whether this bond market was rigged. The U.K. Financial Conduct Authority and European Union are also looking into the matter. Read More: Agency Bond Traders Said to Face Questions in Rigging Probe Banks have been accused of manipulating other markets, including currencies, interest-rate derivatives and precious metals. In some instances, those cases have led to multibillion-dollar settlements, penalties and criminal prosecutions. One of the lead law firms for the plaintiffs in the SSA case, Quinn Emmanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP, reached a $1.87 billion settlement in 2015 with banks including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a case alleging the brokers conspired to limit competition in the market for credit-default swaps. Illiquid Debt SSA bonds are fairly illiquid and trade privately between banks and their customers, giving financial firms an upper hand when pricing them. But investors like them because they are perceived as high-quality assets -- similar to government debt, but with higher yields. The pension fund’s lawyers hired experts to review market data in the SSA market, finding the difference in prices to buy and sell the bonds were much further apart than similarly rated sovereign debt. The spread on some bonds was 7 basis points, compared with 1.5 basis points if the SSA securities were traded competitively. A basis point is equal to 0.01 percent. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The lawsuit -- which also accuses Bank of America, Deutsche Bank AG, Credit Agricole SA, Credit Suisse Group AG and Nomura Holdings Inc. of wrongdoing -- said the collusion between the traders began as early as 2005, and that they stayed in constant contact through telephone calls, in-person meetings and chat rooms on the Bloomberg terminal. Some chat rooms were permanent, while others were created and shut down each day. The filing accuses the banks of fixing prices that were quoted to investor clients, steered business to each other and shared confidential client information with each other “whenever it could help them rip off their customers,” according to the lawsuit. Worse Prices “As a direct result of the dealer defendants’ agreement not to compete, investors unwittingly transacted at prices worse than one would expect in a normally operating, competitive market,” according to the lawsuit. The individual traders named as defendants in the case live in the U.K. and maintained close social ties in addition to working together, according to the complaint. “During the period of this conspiracy, collusion was rampant at these Wall Street banks,” according to the lawsuit. “They had a pervasive culture of pursuing short-term profits at any cost.” The case is In re. SSA Bonds Antitrust Litigation, 16-cv-03711, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York (Manhattan). Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read DeVos Undoes Obama Student Loan Protections United CEO Apologizes Again After First Mea Culpa Falls Flat United Is Under Fire for Dragging a Passenger Off an Overbooked Flight Trump Transition Team Faces Spending Review at Warren's Urging Sorry America, Your Taxes Aren’t High Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Analysts Consensus For Compass Group (LON:CPG) Analyst Coverage Updates - Communisis (LON:CMS) Collagen Solutions (LON:COS) Recent Analyst Updates Analyst Coverage Updates - Cohort (LON:CHRT) Weekly Broker Update - Coca-Cola HBC AG (CDI) (LON:CCH) Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Tue, Apr 11th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Analysts Consensus For Derwent London (LON:DLN) A number of investment brokers have recently updated their price targets on shares of Derwent London (LON:DLN). According to the latest broker reports outstanding on Tuesday 11th of April, 5 analysts have a rating of “strong buy”, 1 analysts “buy”, 9 analysts “neutral”, 0 analysts “sell” and 3 analysts “strong sell”. Most recent broker ratings 17/03/2017 – Derwent London had its “Hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a GBP 2680.00p price target on the stock. 28/02/2017 – Derwent London had its “Add” rating reiterated by analysts at Numis Securities. They now have a GBP 3006.00p price target on the stock. 17/02/2017 – Derwent London had its “Hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a GBP 2530.00p price target on the stock. 25/01/2017 – Derwent London had its “Underperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Exane BNP Paribas. They now have a GBP 2780.00p price target on the stock. 19/01/2017 – Derwent London was downgraded to “Underperform” by analysts at Jefferies. They now have a GBP 2257.00p price target on the stock. 15/12/2016 – Derwent London had its “Hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a GBP 2610.00p price target on the stock. 11/11/2016 – Derwent London had its “Buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Goldman Sachs. They now have a GBP 3035.00p price target on the stock. 11/11/2016 – Derwent London had its “Neutral” rating reiterated by analysts at JP Morgan Cazenove. They now have a GBP 3200.00p price target on the stock. 11/11/2016 – Derwent London had its “Sell” rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche. They now have a GBP 2000.00p price target on the stock. 10/11/2016 – Derwent London had its “Buy” rating reiterated by analysts at numis. They now have a GBP 3164.00p price target on the stock. 02/11/2016 – Derwent London had its “Buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Goldman Sachs. They now have a GBP 3035.00p price target on the stock. 11/10/2016 – Derwent London had its “Underperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Exane BNP Paribas. They now have a GBP 580.00p price target on the stock. 20/09/2016 – Derwent London had its “Buy” rating reiterated by analysts at UBS. They now have a GBP 3200.00p price target on the stock. 19/09/2016 – Derwent London had its “Hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche. They now have a GBP 2000.00p price target on the stock. 01/09/2016 – Derwent London had its “Underperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Exane BNP Paribas. They now have a GBP 2340.00p price target on the stock. The share price of Derwent London (LON:DLN) was down -0.07% during the last trading session, with a day high of 2929.00. 251982 shares were traded during the session. The stock’s 50 day moving average is 2743.67 and its 200 day moving average is 2593.29. The stock’s market capitalization is 3.25B. Derwent London has a 52-week low of 2230.00 and a 52-week high of 3507.80. Derwent London plc is a United Kingdom-based real estate investment trust (REIT) operating in central London region. The Company owns and manages a portfolio of approximately 6.2 million square feet located in over 15 villages in London’s West End and City borders and focus on middle market rents. The Company’s property portfolio includes investment property, owner-occupied property and trading property. The Company’s properties are located in London (West End central, West End borders and City borders), with the remainder in Scotland (Provincial). The Company’s subsidiaries include Derwent London Charlotte Street Limited, Caledonian Property Estates Limited, Caledonian Property Investments Limited, Derwent Central Cross Limited, Derwent London KSW Limited, Derwent Valley Limited, The New River Company Limited and Derwent London Capital (Jersey) Limited. More from Reuters » Receive Derwent London News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Derwent London with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Analysts Consensus For Compass Group (LON:CPG) Analyst Coverage Updates – Communisis (LON:CMS) Collagen Solutions (LON:COS) Recent Analyst Updates Analyst Coverage Updates – Cohort (LON:CHRT) Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Innovation hub launched for startups | SunStar Skip to main content SunStar CEBU Wed, April 12, 2017 SunStar CEBU Home News Business Opinion Sports Feature Lifestyle Entertainment Superbalita Cagayan de Oro Cebu Davao SunStar Cebu Bacolod Baguio Cagayan de Oro Davao Dumaguete Iloilo Manila Pampanga Tacloban Zamboanga Wed, April 12, 2017 Home Local News Business Opinion Sports Feature Lifestyle Entertainment SuperBalita Home / Cebu / Business / Innovation hub launched for startups Innovation hub launched for startups Time to read less than 1 minute Share Print a- a+ Read so far Innovation hub launched for startups Monday, April 10, 2017 QBO Innovation Hub, a partnership between the public and private sector including the Department of Trade and Industry (DTI), Department of Science and Technology (DOST), IdeaSpace Foundation, and JP Morgan, opened its startup enablement programs to help speed up growth and learning for Philippine startups and entrepreneurs. Available services also include professional consultations on legal, accounting, marketing and design, corporate and government partner resources referrals, incorporation assistance, business registration, intellectual property filing, and investors and potential partners pitching. Through QBO, startups will also have an opportunity to join JP Morgan’s Incubation Program, a stage agnostic module that will be available to select and high-potential startups all year round. It initially plans to enroll 15 startups by the end of 2017. PR Published in the SunStar Cebu newspaper on April 11, 2017. Latest issues of SunStar Cebu also available on your mobile phones, laptops, and tablets. Subscribe to our digital editions at epaper.sunstar.com.ph and get a free seven-day trial. DISCLAIMER: SunStar website welcomes friendly debate, but comments posted on this site do not necessary reflect the views of the SunStar management and its affiliates. SunStar reserves the right to delete, reproduce or modify comments posted here without notice. Posts that are inappropriate will automatically be deleted. Forum rules: Do not use obscenity. Some words have been banned. Stick to the topic. Do not veer away from the discussion. Be coherent and respectful. Do not shout or use CAPITAL LETTERS! View Comments More from Cebu Business US consul general to meet local biz stakeholders Cebu is 2nd ‘Friendliest’ Island DTI settles 1,460 complaints from Jan-Feb A setback for summer tourism Capital raising 'at record high' Innovation hub launched for startups Dole reminds employers about holiday pay Soriano: The impact of having entitled children Members urged to avail of loans Tax Notes: BIR waives TTRA requirements for dividends, interests and royalties Most Commented Popular 9 dead in Inabanga, Bohol clash Local News Abu Sayyaf sub-leader killed in Bohol clash Local News Magnitude 6 earthquake hits Lanao del Sur Local News Follow us Region Bacolod Baguio Cagayan de Oro Cebu Davao Dumaguete Iloilo Manila Pampanga Pangasinan Tacloban Zamboanga Sections Local News Business Opinion Sports Lifestyle Feature Entertainment All rights reserved. SunStar Publishing, Inc. Home Letter to the Editor Public & Standards Editor Advertise with us About Us Contact Us Sitemap In Case You Missed It! (Something light from SunStar website) A place for San Pedro Neri: Holy week reflections New products unleashed Nature awaits Motoomull: To grow in Jesus’ love Espedilla: Unexpected heart attack triggers (part 2)
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News Banks accept APRA's home loan crackdown because it boosts profits Banks accept APRA's home loan crackdown because it boosts profits Print Share this story Banks accept APRA's home loan crackdown because it boosts profits Updated 11 April 2017, 16:30 AEST By business reporter Stephen Letts While the regulator has tightened rules around property investor lending, the banks are not too worried as they can always raise rates and still make a handy profit. Australia's big four big banks aren't too worried about APRA tougher rules (Credit: AAP)  Bank bashing is one of those time-honoured, but ultimately frustrating pastimes in Australian life. The more the banks are jabbed with accusations of unscrupulous practices, monopolistic pricing and poor service, the harder they tend to bounce back with record profits. The banks don't fear a lot, except perhaps recessions and rising unemployment. Politicians - incapable or unwilling to land a blow - seem to be boxing well above their weight division when taking on the banks. Only the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority, when roused to action, causes the banks to strike anything like a deferential pose. APRA doesn't come out swinging, though. It communicates in moderate tones, often clouded in opaque financial jargon. The regulatory thumbscrews are twisted ever so gently when APRA slips into its pale imitation of the Spanish Inquisition's Tomas de Torquemada. Shrieks of pain and sobbing confessions are not heard from the banks. At worst, there is some sotto voce grumbling, but more commonly the banks publicly welcome APRA's moves through gritted teeth, saying they will have minimal impact on the way they go about business. APRA is not about bursting property bubbles Lately APRA has been proselytizing more loudly and turning more screws more vigorously, but to what effect? Still no screaming or even noticeable squirming from the banks. And why not? Firstly because the banks have to cop it, and secondly not a lot is going to change - banks will still be selling home loans and still making a decent lick of profit on them. As a rough rule of thumb, every 10-basis-point increase in the standard variable rate of home loans adds 2-to-3 per cent to the earnings of the big banks. That's pretty handy, especially when waved through by the authority policing your actions. APRA is about ensuring banks are financially sound. Bursting property bubbles or making life comfortable for over-extended borrowers is not really in its mandate. The first twist in the latest crusade against imprudent lending was in late-2014 when APRA placed a 10 per cent speed limit on the annual growth of investor mortgages for the big four banks. Step two, in 2015, was to curtail the big banks ability to arbitrarily judge the riskiness of their loans themselves. Recent research from investment bank UBS pinpoints a remarkable coincidence between banks being able to calculate their own risk on mortgages - or assign risk weights - and the exponential growth in Australian household debt. From the time the original Basel 1 reforms were introduced in 1988, the banks leveraged their mortgage books far more heavily than other lending products and allocated a greater proportion of their book to mortgages. Subsequent Basel reforms gave the big banks even greater leeway, allowing mortgage debt to blow out to be currently about the same size as Australia's economic output, but growing far more rapidly. Sensing the danger, APRA backtracked and put a regulated floor under the so-called risk weightings, effectively stating that 25 per cent of home loans were at risk, as opposed to the roughly 16 per cent the banks previously fessed up to. It also meant more capital had to be held against home loan portfolios. That slowed bank earnings growth, but not so much that bank investors found somewhere else to park their money. Nor did it dry up lending to the riskier end of the property market. More recently, APRA sharpened it focus on higher risk lending, limiting the flow of interest-only lending to 30 per cent of total housing lending - it had been running at closer to 40 per cent - and enforcing even more rigorous scrutiny of loans supported by 10 or 20 per cent deposits. On UBS figures, cutting back interest only loans from 40 to 30 percent of new loans would reduce the flow of new mortgages by $15 billion a year and cut credit growth by around 1 per cent. UBS bank analyst Jonathan Mott said APRA's most recent moves were likely to constrain lending only at the edges. "From the banks' perspective, (a 1 per cent hit to net profit) this is manageable," Mr Mott wrote in a note to clients. "What is harder to gauge is the impact on the housing market 'animal spirits' if the marginal buyer is removed from the market." Lending standards improve, but household debt keeps rising So what has that achieved? For one thing, the latest twist has spooked shareholders, with the big four slipping around 2-to-3 per cent in the week after the most recent changes were announced. More broadly, according to Morgan Stanley analyst Richard Wiles, APRA's measures may have led to an improvement in lending standards, but they have failed to materially slow credit growth. Nor have they prevented the build-up in total household debt, which now equates to more than 125 per cent of GDP and closing in on 200 per cent of disposable income. Despite all the talk about curtailing investor lending through the introduction of a "speed limit", not much has changed. "Overall, investor property loan growth looks to be "comfortably" below the 10 per cent speed limit, suggesting that APRA's latest measures are designed to prevent an acceleration of growth, rather than to materially reduce it," Mr Wiles said. There is a very good reason why banks will try and lend right up to APRA's ceiling. "There is still incentive for banks to lend to investors, as ROEs (returns on equity) on investment property loans are now about 14 percentage points higher than ROEs on owner-occupier loans, " Mr Wiles said. Despite expectations that a further reduction in the investor loan speed limit, APRA decided against it saying it still "needed to balance new investor lending with the increased supply of newly completed construction". In other words, if lowering the speed limit to say 7 per cent growth strangled investor lending, there would be serious problems clearing the looming glut of apartments building in Melbourne, Brisbane and Sydney. A wave of deposit defaults in high rise apartments and property developers hitting the wall would do little for APRA's cherished goal of financial stability and de-risked banks. So there is a tacit understanding that pretty solid investor lending growth is still fine. Up to 33pc of investment loans are high risk The banks have been exercising their oligopolistic pricing power since the GFC, basically by holding back the full RBA cash rate cuts as standard variable home loans timidly edged down. That so called "re-pricing" has become more pronounced and more targeted of late, with investor loans being hiked up 60 basis points, compared to the more modest 15-to-20 basis points for owner occupiers. In effect, APRA has given the green light to the banks differential re-pricing because (a) it cools investment loans and (b) strengthens the banks' balance sheets. "While Reserve Bank officials are somewhat circumspect about what the measures can achieve, relative to the current state of affairs, we see these and earlier measures as likely to bind on lending activity, with a potential spill-over to housing turnover and price growth as well," JPMorgan economist Ben Jarman said. "It is likely that overall mortgage lending will slow, as the acceleration in non-interest only owner-occupier lending needed to offset the drags from macro-prudential tightening seems implausibly large." The target for APRA is what the global Basel banking committee refers to as loans that are "materially dependent" on cash flows generated by the property. What that actually means is difficult to define, but Morgan Stanley's Richard Wiles has had a stab at it using a recent Westpac data. "Westpac's disclosure highlights that around 30 per cent of investors have incomes of less than $100,000, and close to 50 per cent have more than one investment property," Mr Wiles said. "Where a borrower fits into both categories, we think there is a good chance that the loan could be classified as 'materially dependent'." Or, in other words, somewhere between 20 and 33 per cent of Westpac's interest-only, investor loan portfolio could be defined as "materially dependent" on cash flows. Plugging that into the spread sheet, and factoring risk weightings that are likely to raised against these loans, Mr Wiles calculated the "big four" will need somewhere between $12 billion and $16 billion in fresh capital buffers. Investor loan rates are likely to keep going up past 6 per cent For the investor, if the banks were to use their oligopoly power to maintain existing healthy returns-on-equity, that would mean another round of rate hikes of about 30-to-80 basis points on their interest-only loans. But that may the hikes for investors may be steeper than that. "We think the major banks will respond to APRA action by lifting standard variable loan rates on investor property loans above 6 per cent," Mr Wiles said. "If the majors were to repeat the action of the past few weeks and increase investor loan rates by around 25 basis points, we estimate an earnings benefit of 2.5 to 3 per cent for CBA, NAB and Westpac and and 2 per cent for ANZ, " Mr Wiles calculated. So it is not necessarily the banks that are bleeding when the thumbscrews are tightened. UBS's Jonathan Mott said banks might find it difficult to raise rates on existing loans, as the recent APRA changes only apply to new lending. "That said, the banks have shown a tendency to use policy changes as a catalyst for repricing in the past," Mr Mott noted. "Given limited public or political push-back against investor repricing in recent months, we believe this could be the favoured area for the banks. "We also believe the banks may offer some first home buyer discounts to further ease public or political push-back." Over at Morgan Stanley, Mr Wiles pointed out, while jacking up investor loan rates helps APRA, the RBA and government achieve some of their policy goals, the authorities and banks face a difficult balancing act. "They would help owner occupiers and first-home buyers to compete with investors, without the need for changes to legislation on negative gearing and capital gains tax concessions," he observed. However, there is a cost. "Given the weak income growth in Australia, we would also expect this amount of re-pricing to have a detrimental impact on the residential property market," Mr Wiles said. "In our view, slower loan growth and house price weakness look increasingly likely." Topics: Australia Banking Company News Economic Trends Housing Industry Regulation Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories Pyongyang warns of nuclear strike on US, as Donald Trump pledges to 'solve North Korea problem' Borussia Dortmund, AS Monaco united by #bedforawayfans tag after bus blast Syria chemical attacks: Weapons inspections an explosive struggle J Geils Band: Guitarist John Geils, of 1983 hit Centrefold fame, dies aged 71 More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Wed,  12 April 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 7.30   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 11.60   -0.10 -0.85%   AAMRATECH 32.40   0.30 0.93%   ABB1STMF 7.20   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 22.70   -0.30 -1.30%   ACI   -9.10   ACIFORMULA 209.90   -2.40 -1.13%   ACMELAB 114.50   0.30 0.26%   ACTIVEFINE 49.00   -0.10 -0.20%   AFCAGRO 57.50   -0.50 -0.86%   AFTABAUTO 63.80   -0.30 -0.47%   AGNISYSL 24.10   0.70 2.99%   AGRANINS 20.50   0.00 0.00%   AIBL1STIMF 8.30   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 105.40   2.30 2.23%   ALARABANK 20.70   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 12.30   0.00 0.00%   AMANFEED 78.10   0.10 0.13%   AMBEEPHA 384.70   6.00 1.58%   ANLIMAYARN 32.40   0.30 0.93%   ANWARGALV 67.70   -0.10 -0.15%   APEXFOODS 136.00   -0.40 -0.29%   APEXFOOT 326.90   0.00 0.00%   APEXSPINN 110.10   0.10 0.09%   APEXTANRY 143.40   -0.30 -0.21%   APOLOISPAT 21.00   -0.40 -1.87%   ARAMIT 356.40   -0.10 -0.03%   ARAMITCEM 40.40   0.20 0.50%   ARGONDENIM 32.00   0.30 0.95%   ASIAINS 22.20   -0.40 -1.77%   ASIAPACINS 23.40   0.20 0.86%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.20 -1.90%   ATLASBANG 130.00   -0.40 -0.31%   BANGAS 120.50   -1.00 -0.82%   BANKASIA 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   BARKAPOWER 43.60   -0.30 -0.68%   BATASHOE 1129.50   2.00 0.18%   BATBC   -31.60   BAYLEASING 29.00   -0.50 -1.69%   BBS   0.10   BDAUTOCA 75.00   -0.60 -0.79%   BDCOM   0.30   BDFINANCE 16.20   0.10 0.62%   BDLAMPS 173.20   1.10 0.64%   BDTHAI 29.30   -0.10 -0.34%   BDWELDING 11.90   -0.20 -1.65%   BEACHHATCH 10.40   -0.10 -0.95%   BEACONPHAR 21.10   0.00 0.00%   BENGALWTL 47.70   -0.10 -0.21%   BEXIMCO 35.40   0.20 0.57%   BGIC   0.00   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   -0.10   BRACBANK 74.50   -1.70 -2.23%   BSC   -1.90   BSCCL   -0.10   BSRMLTD 139.20   1.30 0.94%   BSRMSTEEL 98.20   -0.60 -0.61%   BXPHARMA 112.00   -2.30 -2.01%   BXSYNTH 7.80   0.00 0.00%   CAPMBDBLMF 8.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALPHL 29.30   0.20 0.69%   CITYBANK 40.00   -0.70 -1.72%   CITYGENINS 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   CMCKAMAL 26.60   0.20 0.76%   CNATEX 11.60   0.00 0.00%   CONFIDCEM 133.10   -0.30 -0.22%   CONTININS 21.20   -0.60 -2.75%   CVOPRL 194.30   0.40 0.21%   DACCADYE 8.00   0.00 0.00%   DAFODILCOM 40.40   0.40 1.00%   DBH   -1.10   DBH1STMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 108.60   -0.50 -0.46%   DELTASPINN 12.30   0.20 1.65%   DESCO   0.20   DESHBANDHU 16.50   0.10 0.61%   DHAKABANK 21.20   0.10 0.47%   DHAKAINS 21.70   -1.20 -5.24%   DOREENPWR 119.40   2.10 1.79%   DSHGARME 345.80   5.70 1.68%   DSSL   0.50   DUTCHBANGL 103.90   -0.80 -0.76%   EASTERNINS 31.10   -0.10 -0.32%   EASTLAND 23.90   -0.10 -0.42%   EASTRNLUB 1157.80   23.90 2.11%   EBL   -4.50   EBL1STMF 7.40   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 6.80   -0.20 -2.86%   ECABLES 142.80   4.70 3.40%   EHL   0.10   EMERALDOIL 29.50   0.80 2.79%   ENVOYTEX 40.90   0.00 0.00%   ETL   0.40   EXIM1STMF 7.80   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 13.70   0.00 0.00%   FAMILYTEX 9.30   0.10 1.09%   FARCHEM 25.60   -0.20 -0.78%   FAREASTFIN 12.20   -0.30 -2.40%   FAREASTLIF 77.00   1.10 1.45%   FASFIN 14.60   -0.20 -1.35%   FBFIF   -0.10   FEDERALINS 12.60   0.20 1.61%   FEKDIL 30.50   -0.50 -1.61%   FINEFOODS 26.30   -0.50 -1.87%   FIRSTFIN 9.70   -0.20 -2.02%   FIRSTSBANK 14.90   0.20 1.36%   FORTUNE 52.00   -0.80 -1.52%   FUWANGCER 17.50   -0.10 -0.57%   FUWANGFOOD 14.90   0.10 0.68%   GBBPOWER 23.00   -0.20 -0.86%   GEMINISEA 632.00   -0.10 -0.02%   GENNEXT 10.70   0.20 1.90%   GHAIL   1.80   GHCL   0.20   GLAXOSMITH 1515.50   -19.70 -1.28%   GLOBALINS 15.00   0.30 2.04%   GOLDENSON 19.40   0.00 0.00%   GP   -6.70   GPHISPAT 46.60   -0.20 -0.43%   GQBALLPEN 80.30   0.50 0.63%   GRAMEENS2 14.70   -0.20 -1.34%   GREENDELMF 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   GREENDELT 64.20   -1.20 -1.83%   GSPFINANCE 34.40   -0.50 -1.43%   HAKKANIPUL 63.20   0.50 0.80%   HEIDELBCEM 511.90   0.00 0.00%   HFL   0.30   HRTEX   0.40   HWAWELLTEX 39.10   0.50 1.30%   IBBLPBOND 1000.00   0.00 0.00%   IBNSINA 244.70   -1.70 -0.69%   ICB   -4.10   ICB2NDNRB 10.50   -0.10 -0.94%   ICB3RDNRB 7.40   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 10.00   0.20 2.04%   ICBEPMF1S1 8.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBIBANK 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   ICBSONALI1 8.20   -0.10 -1.20%   IDLC   -1.70   IFADAUTOS 124.30   -0.90 -0.72%   IFIC   -2.00   IFIC1STMF 7.10   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 8.70   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   -0.40   IMAMBUTTON 14.10   -0.20 -1.40%   INTECH 13.50   0.00 0.00%   IPDC   -0.40   ISLAMIBANK 32.70   -0.40 -1.21%   ISLAMICFIN 25.10   -0.50 -1.95%   ISLAMIINS 21.90   0.00 0.00%   ISNLTD 14.80   -0.10 -0.67%   ITC   0.30   JAMUNABANK 19.00   -0.20 -1.04%   JAMUNAOIL 214.30   -1.30 -0.60%   JANATAINS 14.00   0.40 2.94%   JMISMDL 182.70   -0.80 -0.44%   KARNAPHULI 16.30   0.10 0.62%   KAY&QUE 38.00   1.20 3.26%   KBPPWBIL 23.60   0.00 0.00%   KDSALTD 77.90   -0.20 -0.26%   KEYACOSMET 15.30   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 382.00   -3.10 -0.80%   KPCL   0.10   KPPL   0.00   LAFSURCEML 71.20   0.10 0.14%   LANKABAFIN 62.80   -1.40 -2.18%   LEGACYFOOT 22.90   0.70 3.15%   LIBRAINFU 480.00   3.50 0.73%   LINDEBD 1271.50   5.10 0.40%   LRGLOBMF1 7.50   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 10.00   -0.20 -1.96%   MALEKSPIN 23.60   -0.10 -0.42%   MARICO 1030.00   -9.60 -0.92%   MATINSPINN 42.50   -1.40 -3.19%   MBL1STMF 8.50   0.10 1.19%   MEGCONMILK 9.10   -0.10 -1.09%   MEGHNACEM 110.50   0.40 0.36%   MEGHNALIFE 61.00   -0.30 -0.49%   MEGHNAPET 9.90   -0.10 -1.00%   MERCANBANK 16.00   0.10 0.63%   MERCINS 17.20   0.10 0.58%   METROSPIN 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   MHSML   -0.30   MICEMENT 109.00   -1.40 -1.27%   MIDASFIN 29.90   -0.10 -0.33%   MIRACLEIND 43.20   0.20 0.47%   MITHUNKNIT 47.60   -0.50 -1.04%   MJLBD   0.30   MODERNDYE 169.60   2.30 1.37%   MONNOCERA 40.90   0.40 0.99%   MONNOSTAF 495.00   -2.80 -0.56%   MPETROLEUM 199.00   -0.90 -0.45%   MTB   -0.50   NATLIFEINS 177.80   0.10 0.06%   NAVANACNG 70.00   -0.70 -0.99%   NBL   -0.20   NCCBANK 15.20   -0.20 -1.30%   NCCBLMF1 8.00   0.10 1.27%   NFML   0.00   NHFIL   0.00   NITOLINS 25.50   -0.10 -0.39%   NLI1STMF 14.50   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 295.80   0.40 0.14%   NPOLYMAR 110.20   -1.70 -1.52%   NTC   -1.50   NTLTUBES 114.30   -1.90 -1.64%   OAL   0.00   OLYMPIC 290.00   0.90 0.31%   ONEBANKLTD 23.20   -0.50 -2.11%   ORIONINFU 56.40   0.10 0.18%   ORIONPHARM 49.80   -0.70 -1.39%   PADMALIFE 44.80   -0.20 -0.44%   PADMAOIL 258.60   -0.20 -0.08%   PARAMOUNT 19.10   0.10 0.53%   PDL   0.40   PENINSULA 28.30   -0.20 -0.70%   PEOPLESINS 25.00   1.60 6.84%   PF1STMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   PHARMAID 253.50   -0.70 -0.28%   PHENIXINS 31.00   -0.30 -0.96%   PHOENIXFIN 29.60   -0.20 -0.67%   PHPMF1 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   PIONEERINS 32.50   -0.30 -0.91%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 7.10   -0.10 -1.39%   POPULARLIF 76.80   -0.20 -0.26%   POWERGRID 54.60   0.40 0.74%   PRAGATIINS 33.70   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERBAN 12.50   -0.20 -1.57%   PREMIERCEM 93.00   0.10 0.11%   PREMIERLEA 17.70   -0.40 -2.21%   PRIME1ICBA 8.20   -0.20 -2.38%   PRIMEBANK 21.20   -0.50 -2.30%   PRIMEFIN 10.80   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEINSUR 17.60   0.00 0.00%   PRIMELIFE 60.80   1.20 2.01%   PRIMETEX 25.90   0.60 2.37%   PROVATIINS 19.40   1.10 6.01%   PTL   0.80   PUBALIBANK 22.60   -0.30 -1.31%   PURABIGEN 16.40   0.10 0.61%   QSMDRYCELL 97.00   0.60 0.62%   RAHIMAFOOD 119.80   0.10 0.08%   RAHIMTEXT 300.50   12.70 4.41%   RAKCERAMIC 61.00   0.30 0.49%   RANFOUNDRY 119.20   1.00 0.85%   RDFOOD 16.40   0.00 0.00%   RECKITTBEN 1527.00   0.50 0.03%   REGENTTEX 31.50   1.60 5.35%   RELIANCINS 47.00   -0.50 -1.05%   RENATA 1094.50   4.10 0.38%   RENWICKJA 586.00   4.30 0.74%   REPUBLIC 30.40   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 24.30   -0.10 -0.41%   RSRMSTEEL 92.40   -0.40 -0.43%   RUPALIBANK 27.20   0.00 0.00%   RUPALIINS 20.70   -0.10 -0.48%   RUPALILIFE 42.50   -0.10 -0.23%   SAFKOSPINN 15.70   0.20 1.29%   SAIFPOWER 41.00   -1.00 -2.38%   SAIHAMCOT 18.20   0.20 1.11%   SAIHAMTEX 20.90   0.00 0.00%   SALAMCRST 36.40   0.10 0.28%   SALVOCHEM 25.20   -0.20 -0.79%   SAMATALETH 27.10   0.70 2.65%   SAMORITA 82.90   -0.40 -0.48%   SANDHANINS 36.80   -0.10 -0.27%   SAPORTL 42.50   -0.10 -0.23%   SEBL1STMF 13.50   -0.10 -0.74%   SEMLIBBLSF 10.30   0.20 1.98%   SEMLLECMF 9.80   -0.20 -2.00%   SHAHJABANK 16.70   -0.10 -0.60%   SHASHADNIM 72.30   -1.40 -1.90%   SHEPHERD 43.50   0.40 0.93%   SHURWID 10.00   0.30 3.09%   SHYAMPSUG 18.80   1.20 6.82%   SIBL   -0.20   SIMTEX 28.70   0.20 0.70%   SINGERBD 184.00   0.60 0.33%   SINOBANGLA 34.40   0.70 2.08%   SONALIANSH 221.00   0.20 0.09%   SONARBAINS 17.00   0.00 0.00%   SONARGAON 12.20   0.30 2.52%   SOUTHEASTB 20.80   -0.20 -0.95%   SPCERAMICS 10.80   0.10 0.93%   SPCL   -1.70   SQUARETEXT 68.10   0.00 0.00%   SQURPHARMA 285.80   -0.50 -0.17%   STANCERAM 61.00   -0.70 -1.13%   STANDBANKL 12.60   -0.10 -0.79%   SUMITPOWER 40.50   0.10 0.25%   SUNLIFEINS 24.70   0.40 1.65%   TAKAFULINS 21.00   0.10 0.48%   TALLUSPIN 10.20   0.20 2.00%   TITASGAS 50.70   -0.10 -0.20%   TOSRIFA 28.30   -0.90 -3.08%   TRUSTB1MF 7.20   -0.10 -1.37%   TRUSTBANK 23.90   0.10 0.42%   TUNGHAI 18.30   0.10 0.55%   UCB   -0.40   UNIONCAP 28.10   -0.50 -1.75%   UNIQUEHRL 54.60   -0.10 -0.18%   UNITEDAIR 6.70   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 22.50   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDINS 26.50   -0.70 -2.57%   UPGDCL 149.00   -0.10 -0.07%   USMANIAGL 90.50   -0.30 -0.33%   UTTARABANK 24.90   -0.10 -0.40%   VAMLRBBF 8.80   0.10 1.15%   WATACHEM 162.40   -1.00 -0.61%   WMSHIPYARD 39.20   0.60 1.55%   YPL   0.20   ZAHEENSPIN 25.40   0.00 0.00%   ZAHINTEX 23.30   -0.10 -0.43%   ZEALBANGLA 27.30   0.50 1.87%   Latest News SAARC chamber roundtable on Sunday Taiwan bans consumption of cats and dogs Juventus batter bumbling Barca Asian stocks dip as global risks weigh Rupali Ins recommends 15pc stock div ‘Gunfight’ kills one in Sirajganj Family members meet Mufti Hannan Gold climbs to five-month high DSE,CSE open lower Wall Street ends lower Stakeholders wary of remittance downfall from KL TIME - 01:07 pm National ‘Gunfight’ kills one in Sirajganj Economy Drop in industrial output marks unexpected setback for World Brazil prison riot kills five Stock Asian stocks dip as global risks weigh Slower mega projects lower fund demand TOP NEWS Rupali Ins recommends 15pc stock div Family members meet Mufti Hannan SAARC chamber roundtable on Sunday DSE,CSE open lower Blasts hit Dortmund bus, Bartra injured Discounted offers galore on the eve of Pahela Baishakh Teesta deal: How soon is the 'soon'? Juventus batter bumbling Barca Q3 budget spending stays only at 45pc Rajan murder: HC upholds death for four Taiwan bans consumption of cats and dogs April 12, 2017, 12:30 pm Taiwan's parliament on Tuesday approved a bill banning the slaughter of cats and dogs for human consumption. The bill also prohibits those using a car or motorbike from pulling their pets alongside them on a lead as they travel. Anyone caught breaching Read more Gold climbs to five-month high April 12, 2017, 11:22 am Gold climbed to a five-month high on Wednesday after gaining 2.0 per cent the session before, with investors shifting to safe-haven assets on rising tensions over US relations with Russia and North Korea. Spot gold had edged up 0.1 per cent Read more Economy Prospects further brighten in Europe's largest economy April’s sentiment index of Zew think-tank reflects the brightening outlook for the German and eurozone economy at the start of 2017, according to an international media report. Zew’s measure of the BD welcomes investments from Sarawak April 11, 2017, 8:34 pm Indian businesses sign deals to invest $10b April 10, 2017, 10:29 pm India bank cyber attack similar to BB heist: report April 11, 2017, 12:56 pm Dubai's job growth dismal despite strong non-oil pvt economy April 10, 2017, 9:51 pm Climate change hurts crop growth April 10, 2017, 9:20 pm Finance Tax payment to be made mandatory for owners of buildings in city Anyone who owns a building in the capital would be served with tax notices as part of the government's strategy to increase the number of taxpayers to 10 million by 2019, Finance Minister AMA Muhith said Monday. About 2.8 million people Banks' growing NPLs, excess liquidity fuel concerns HC asks govt not to release due funds of Chevron BD employers Integrate women issues precisely in nat'l budget BIDA chief seeks French investment in BD  Editorial Ending perennial woes of haor farmers The reported heavy damage caused to Boro crop by rains Ending perennial woes of haor farmers The reported heavy damage caused to Boro crop by rains Op-Ed HDR Report 2016: BD makes progress The Human Development Report (HDR) is a hallmark report that HDR Report 2016: BD makes progress The Human Development Report (HDR) is a hallmark report that Exploring new realism in US-Chinese trade President Donald Trump says he developed a "friendship" with President Exploring new realism in US-Chinese trade President Donald Trump says he developed a "friendship" with President Bangladesh-UK ties in post-Brexit era According to British MP Nigel Evans, the United Kingdom is Bangladesh-UK ties in post-Brexit era According to British MP Nigel Evans, the United Kingdom is Stock Wall Street ends lower US stocks ended down but well off the day's lows on Tuesday, with concern over geopolitical risks weighing on sentiment Stocks extend losing spell for fifth day IPO lottery of Nurani Dyeing May 2 No undisclosed PSI, says ICB CSE for scrip netting LankaBangla leads turnover chart for second day CSE average transaction should rise above Tk 2.0b: Chairman Markets reflect fresh bubble-up trends Taiwan stocks mostly flat National City dwellers unlikely to get respite from water-logging City dwellers are unlikely to get respite from water-logging problem during the upcoming rainy season despite various measures taken by the authorities concerned to cope with it, experts and officials said. They have also attributed lack of coordination among stakeholders, improper plans and shortage of funds to water-logging problem. The apprehension has intensified after some city areas went under knee-deep water due Journalist Hussain-uz-Zaman passes away Flood affected haor people would get assistance: Maya Shun Hilsha on Pahela Baishakh: PM Nothing to hide in agreements, PM says List of total MOUs, agreement, SOPs signed between BD,India Jail authorities ask family to meet Mufti Hannan DMP takes elaborate security measures for Pahela Baishakh PM mourns death of Hussain-uz-Zaman Trade and Market Stakeholders wary of remittance downfall from KL A delegation of Islami Bank Bangladesh Ltd (IBBL) found stakeholders of a meeting in Malaysian capital worried on recent decline in remittance outflow from Malaysia into Bangladesh. “We met a group of key stakeholders in Kuala Lampur and the participants in the meeting expressed concern over the remitting money through illegal hundi and mobile phone and they urged the Governments of Experts plead for wider BIMSTEC connectivity USAID team suggests BGMEA-like platform for workers' welfare ECNEC okays Tk 33b infrastructure projects Body to realise Tk 316b VAT arrears from Petrobangla Govt to lease out unused BJMC lands China solar, wind to attract $780b financing by 2030 Meat sellers continue to protest crackdown on UP slaughterhouses Fujitsu staff in fresh strike action World India threatens Pakistan against execution of naval officer India warned on Tuesday Pakistan of serious consequences for their bilateral relationship if it executes a retired Indian naval officer convicted of espionage and sabotage. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj told agitated lawmakers in Parliament that India would take up the issue with Pakistan at the highest level to ensure that justice was done to Kulbhushan Jadhav. On Monday, a Pakistani military court sentenced an Indian accused of espionage to death, ratcheting up longstanding tensions between the nuclear-armed neighbouring countries. Pakistani authorities say ... Iran begins registration for May 19 presidential election N Korea warns of nuclear strike as US warships approach Saudi Prince Saad bin Faisal passes away Sci-tech Facebook to verify all MPs' accounts: Tarana State Minister for Posts and Telecommunications Tarana Halim said on Monday Facebook accounts of all the members of parliament (MPs) HC assesses Oishee's mental state New frontier in explorations may ‘induce’ new lunar dream 'Build sustainable embankments to save haor from flood' Education Qawmi Madrasa Dawrae Hadith gets recognition Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina has declared recognition of certificates of Dawrae Hadith under Qawmi Madrasa Education Boards as equivalent to 82,459 students get primary scholarships Varsity student shot dead in Savar Supporting underprivileged children Sports Mustafiz to join Sunrisers today Mustafizur Rahman is set to join Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) ahead of their away game against Mumbai Indians today (Wednesday), the Bangladesh left-arm pacer confirmed through a Facebook post, reports Cricbuzz. "Off to India, Mission IPL #OrangeArmy," the lanky pacer posted on Tuesday. The Bangladesh pace sensation's participation in IPL 2017 was subject to conjecture with the Bangladesh Cricket Board understood to be skeptical in releasing the injury-prone pacer ahead of the 2017 Champions Trophy to be held in England in June. Mustafizur played ... Qatar wants Sampaoli, Xavi to lead them to 2022 World Cup  Argentina sack manager Bauza Garcia makes it at 74th attempt Health Proper treatment can help drug addicts return to normal life Modern and safe treatment facilities should be ensured in the drug rehabilitation centres so that drug addicts can re-enter society and lead a normal life in a safe and healthy way. Doctors and counsellors in rehab centres run under both the government and non-government management across the country should be efficient and experienced in doing the tough duty.   Drug addiction has significantly increased in Bangladesh society in recent years. A BSS report, dated April 11, says the young generation and students ... Use of friendly bacteria on skin Free medical camp held at Shariatpur KFC to limit use of antibiotics in chicken supply Entertainment Govt chalks out elaborate programmes for Pahela Baishakh The government has chalked out elaborate programmes to celebrate the Pahela Baishakh, the first day of Bangali New Year. Pahela After 'Daydreaming' news presenter goes viral 'Tendulkar, Rekha's Parliament attendance poor' ​​​​​​​Ed Sheeran settles $20m lawsuit  Politics Khaleda calls BNP policymaking forum meeting over PM's India trip BNP chief Khaleda Zia has called an ‘emergency meeting’ of the party’s National Standing Committee over Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina’s India visit and the agreements signed between the countries. The meeting of the party’s policymaking forum has been set for 8:30pm on Monday at BNP chairperson’s Gulshan offices, a senior BNP leader has said. “The meeting has been convened to discuss the prime minister’s India visit, the agreements and MoUs signed, the political situation and the party’s steps going forward,” said Ruhul ... BNP policymakers meet tonight People reject defence MoUs with India: BNP Hasina to sign Teesta deal like Ganges one: Quader Country Two killed in Jessore ‘shootout’ Two alleged drug pedlars were killed in a reported gunfight between two rival groups at Nimtala Bazar in Chowgachha upazila Two minor girls drown 135,440 hectares of land under Aus farming in Sylhet division Ctg faces power shortage, as plants' generation slips PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina presides over the Executive Committee of the National Economic Council (ECNEC) meeting on Tuesday at the NEC conference room at Sher-e-Bangla Nagar in Dhaka. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses a press conference at her Ganabhaban official residence on Tuesday. –Focus Bangla Photo India’s Congress party leader Sonia Gandhi (2nd L) met with visiting Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina at Rashtrapati Bhaban in New Delhi on Sunday. Former Indian PM Manmohan Singh (far L) and Sonia Gandhi’s son Rahul Gandhi were also present. – Focus Bangla photo Children are like flowers, let them blossom. When in full bloom, they become more attractive, successful and confident. This snap, clicked by KAZ Sumon at the Flower Fest on Saturday, gives a reason to these words uttered by a poet. Indian Army chief General Bipin Rawat calls on President M Abdul Hamid on Saturday at Bangabhaban. –UNB Photo more news Jail authorities ask family to meet Mufti Hannan April 12, 2017, 12:35 am USAID team suggests BGMEA-like platform for workers' welfare April 12, 2017, 12:32 am Flood affected haor people would get assistance: Maya April 11, 2017, 11:25 pm ECNEC okays Tk 33b infrastructure projects April 11, 2017, 9:56 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 113 ISSUES DECLINED 116 Most popular Slower mega projects lower fund demand April 12, 2017, 12:39 am Discounted offers galore on the eve of Pahela Baishakh April 12, 2017, 12:44 am Tax payment to be made mandatory for owners of buildings in city April 12, 2017, 12:42 am Banks' growing NPLs, excess liquidity fuel concerns April 12, 2017, 12:40 am Experts plead for wider BIMSTEC connectivity April 12, 2017, 12:38 am HC asks govt not to release due funds of Chevron BD employers April 12, 2017, 12:36 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG FAREASTFIN 11.10 12.90 11.50 12.50 12.61 EMERALDOIL 26.10 28.70 26.10 28.70 9.96 REGENTTEX 27.60 30.10 27.40 29.90 8.33 ETL 22.30 24.10 22.50 24.00 7.62 HAKKANIPUL 58.30 63.40 58.90 62.70 7.55 TUNGHAI 17.00 18.40 16.90 18.20 7.06 SAIHAMTEX 19.60 21.30 19.70 20.90 6.63 FASFIN 14.00 15.00 14.20 14.80 5.71 DSSL 20.30 21.60 20.40 21.40 5.42 YPL 28.00 29.50 28.20 29.30 4.64 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation REGENTTEX 27.50 30.10 27.40 29.80 8.36 EMERALDOIL 26.80 28.70 26.10 28.70 7.09 HAKKANIPUL 59.20 63.40 58.90 63.00 6.42 TUNGHAI 17.20 18.40 16.90 18.30 6.40 ETL 22.50 24.10 22.50 23.90 6.22 ZAHINTEX 22.30 23.60 22.30 23.40 4.93 FASFIN 14.20 15.00 14.20 14.90 4.93 DSSL 20.50 21.60 20.40 21.50 4.88 HWAWELLTEX 38.00 39.60 37.70 39.50 3.95 PURABIGEN 15.80 16.50 15.60 16.40 3.80 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG BRACBANK 94.00 81.00 75.50 76.20 -18.94 GLOBALINS 15.60 15.40 14.10 14.70 -5.77 JUTESPINN 50.40 48.10 46.10 48.00 -4.76 SAMATALETH 27.60 27.10 26.20 26.40 -4.35 ICBAMCL2ND 10.20 10.00 9.70 9.80 -3.92 IFIC 28.80 29.20 27.50 27.70 -3.82 SUNLIFEINS 25.20 24.60 24.00 24.30 -3.57 UNIONCAP 29.50 30.10 28.20 28.60 -3.05 PHARMAID 262.20 263.50 251.90 254.20 -3.05 NTC 681.70 687.00 660.00 661.50 -2.96 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SONARGAON 12.80 12.80 11.80 11.90 -7.03 BRACBANK 80.00 81.00 75.50 76.00 -5.00 PRIMEINSUR 17.80 17.80 17.00 17.00 -4.49 IFIC 29.00 29.20 27.50 27.70 -4.48 HRTEX 32.90 33.30 31.50 31.50 -4.26 UNIONCAP 29.60 30.10 28.20 28.40 -4.05 PREMIERLEA 18.60 19.00 17.90 17.90 -3.76 NAVANACNG 73.00 73.40 70.30 70.30 -3.70 CENTRALPHL 30.00 30.40 28.90 28.90 -3.67 PHARMAID 262.00 263.50 251.90 252.70 -3.55 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Property Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Live Save Print License article Markets Live: ASX rally finds more energy Jens Meyer Contact via Email Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares extend yesterday's rally, led up by the big banks and energy stocks, while BHP gives back some of yesterday's outsized jump. Business conditions jumped in March to highs not seen since before the global financial crisis Woodside hits a 20-month high after oil prices rose further, buoyed by a shutdown in Libya BHP rejects suggestions from hedge fund Elliott Associates that is should demerge US petroleum assets  Analysts say key question is do BHP's Aussie shares trade at a premium or UK stock trade at a discount?  Aurizon shares jump as first coal train from the cyclone-hit Bowen Basin reaches Gladstone Port Live updates Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:44pm on 11 Apr 2017 Shares couldn't quite hang onto their earlier strong gains, but still posted solid gains to end at a fresh two-year closing high. The ASX gained 0.3 per cent to 5929.3, after touching 5950 points earlier in the session. "The highlight was a bit of support for the banks, which have been to-ing and fro-ing between believers and disbelievers for a while," said Paterson's Securities economist Tony Farnham. The big four banks rose between 0.4 and 0.7 per cent, with the exception of Westpac which soared 1.2 per cent. With all other sectors trading in the red or narrowly in the black, the financials sector as a whole almost all the index's upward movement, rising 0.8 per cent as a whole. Meanwhile the materials sector was the major drag on the market, largely due to BHP giving up some of yesterday's outsized gains. On Monday, BHP shares soared 4.6 per cent to their highest levels in two years after a hedge fund that owns 4.1 per cent of the company's London-listed shares urged the board to demerge its petroleum arm.  On Tuesday, BHP shed 1.2 per cent, which Farnham put down to "a bit of profit-taking after the run-up yesterday". Rio Tinto however closed up 2.0 per cent. Fortescue dipped 1.5 per cent. Most gold miners were up, though Saracen Mineral Holdings plunged 4.2 per cent after informing the market its March quarter gold production fell short of guidance due to heavy rainfall.  Shares in Asaleo Care plunged 8.4 per cent, their biggest fall in 9 months, after a Credit Suisse note cut the toiletries manufacturer to neutral. Ardent Leisure also had a bad day - down 1.0 per cent - after it revealed a 34.3 per cent fall in revenue at its parks on Monday due to the impact of Cyclone Debbie. UBS downgraded the stock on Tuesday, which may have played into it's fall. ​ Woolworths was 0.7 per cent lower after news broke of a $100 million class action being brought against it by Maurice Blackburn over its shock 2015 profit downgrade. Wesfarmers was also dragged lower - closing down 0.3 per cent.  4:34pm on 11 Apr 2017  Any significant changes to the corporate structure of BHP Billiton would need to be consistent with a "national interest" test under the law, the federal government says. Activist shareholder Elliott Advisors yesterday proposed BHP scrap its dual-company structure in favour of a primary listing in London and a secondary listing in Sydney. "A change in the corporate structure and listing arrangement would need to be carefully considered against the provisions of the Foreign Acquisitions and Takeovers Act," a spokeswoman for Treasurer Scott Morrison said. "If the changes were significant they would need to be consistent with Australia's national interest test under that Act." The federal government in 2001 approved the merger of Melbourne-based BHP and London-based Billiton based on a number of conditions designed to ensure the miner kept close ties to Australia In presentation slides, Elliott said the changes in the listing structure would add $1.50 of value per BHP Billiton share for the holders of London-listed shares but take away $1 in value from the holders of the Australian-listed shares. Any significant changes to BHP's corporate structure would have to pass the 'national interest' test. Photo: David Mariuz 4:30pm on 11 Apr 2017 Short Aussie, long loonie: that's the way currency traders are playing the contrasting fortunes of two key commodities - iron ore and oil. Last quarter's best G10 performer against the greenback, the Australian dollar is now running last as the country's biggest export material slumps. Meanwhile, crude oil's revival as the Syria strikes potentially inflame Middle Eastern tensions has emboldened Canada's dollar, putting the short Aussie versus the Loonie trade on investors' radars, says Chris Weston, IG chief market strategist. "Being short AUD/CAD is a trade on many traders radars here, with this being a play on short iron ore, long US crude, with the technical set-up clearly reflecting this and whether you look at this from a daily or weekly perspective the pair seems to be going lower in my opinion.," he notes.  The Aussie slipped below parity against the Canadian dollar overnight for the first time in two months, and is currently fetching 99.95 Canadian cents. The 'loonie' is being supported by rising oil prices. Photo: Reuters 3:52pm on 11 Apr 2017 A year and a half ago Richard "Dick" Fish was called probably Australia's best investor,but now he has called it quits, throwing the spotlight on 'key man risk', the AFR's Phil Baker says: At the time he was in the middle of a media blitz and looking to raise money for a LIC - the Absolute Equity Performance Fund - and ended up getting just over $100 million. But now he's walked away, retiring on June 30, in a move that throws the spotlight on the very specific strategy of the fund and the key man risk associated with it. Investors could be excused for feeling very short changed but it's probably a case of "caveat emptor" all over again. If investors took a closer look at the prospectus the phrase "key man risk" was quite prevalent. And for good reason. The strategy of the LIC involves "pairs trading", a risky way to make your money but very powerful if it works. And if it doesn't work then it can go pear shaped very quickly. It involves buying one stock, and betting it will go up, and then shorting another to pay for that purchase and hoping that stock goes down. The returns that you get depend on how the stocks perform relative to one another. If they both move in the right direction that's perfection, but potentially investors can still do well if just one stock moves the right way. The flipside of course is if both stocks move in the opposite direction to what was originally intended. For that reason it's been described as stock-picking in its purest form. The fund manager can boast that he's free from the constraints of an index benchmark to make money but it's a risky strategy. At the time of the launch Fish was just one of many star fund managers looking to get a listed investment company off the ground. Here's more at the AFR Bennelong's Richard Fish is handing over the reins to his co-portfolio manager, Sam Shepherd.  Photo: Michelle Smith 3:27pm on 11 Apr 2017 Investors are showing a liking for growing numbers of mining IPOs on the ASX and there are high hopes for medical marijuana plays too, a new report shows. Ten of the 26 companies that listed on the local sharemarket in the first three months of the 2017 calendar year were mining companies, compared to just two in the same period in 2016, IPO portal provider OnMarket Bookbuilds says. "The rush of mining companies to float on the ASX reflects a significant turnaround from last year when few miners floated," OnMarket managing director Tim Eisenhauer said. "There is now a greater investor appetite for mining sector investment given higher commodity prices and greater confidence overall in share markets," isenhauer also said more so-called pot stocks may seek to list on the sharemarket this year after medicinal cannabis was legalised in Australian on November 1, OnMarket said. The Hydroponics Company, which plans to list on April 20, had received overwhelming support from investors for its initial public offer. The 26 companies that listed in the first three months of the 2017 calendar year raised $232.3 million, compared to $86.3 million raised by the 12 companies that listed in the prior corresponding period. Investors made a return of 18.3 per cent on those 26 stocks compared to a 3.5 per cent return by the ASX's top 200 companies for the quarter. The average return on the first day of trading by the newly-listed companies was 10.2 per cent. The best performing float at the end of the first quarter was minerals explorer Ardea Resources, with a 160 per cent return. Other top performers were plant re-engineering firm eSense-Lab (140 per cent) and hydroponic garden system supplier Roto-Gro International (105 per cent) which have links to the medicinal cannabis sector. The worst performers included organic skin care products firm Skin Elements, minerals explorer Davenport Resources and bottled water distributor Tianmei Beverage Group, which all generated negative returns of 32.5 per cent. There have been more floats so far this year than in the same period last year, and they've performed better. Photo: AFR Back to top 2:52pm on 11 Apr 2017 Has yesterday's bout of shareholder activism rekindled global appetite for Aussie stocks? That's one theory doing the rounds to explain the surprise outperformance by the local sharemarket. While the rest of the region is a sea of red, and Wall Street provided little in the way of inspiration, the ASX is en route for a second day of solid gains, and another two-year closing high. It's not hurting the local market that oil prices have hit five-week highs, boosting the energy sector, but gains are fairly broad-based, suggesting general sentiment is bullish. Yesterday, activist US hedge fund Elliott Management shook traders out of their late afternoon slumber by pitching a restructure plan for Australian icon BHP, arguing a demeger of its US petroleum assets as well as getting rid of the dual listing of the shares would unlock value for shareholders. It comes as foreign investors are already looking favourably at the local sharemarket, courtesy of ifs attractive dividend yield and solid earnings growth. Poll Would you like to vote? You will need Cookies enabled to use our Voting Feature. Would you like to vote? You will need Javascript enabled to use our Voting Feature. Will the ASX make it through 6000 points this time around? Yes, momentum is in the market and April is usually a strong month. No, the 6000-level is a barrier too high at the moment. Maybe later in the year. No, valuations are well stretched already and we'll see a big plunge next. No 6000 this year. View results Please select an answer. Poll closes in 17 hours. Disclaimer: These polls are not scientific and reflect the opinion only of visitors who have chosen to participate. Will the ASX make it through 6000 points this time around? Yes, momentum is in the market and April is usually a strong month.49% No, the 6000-level is a barrier too high at the moment. Maybe later in the year.28% No, valuations are well stretched already and we'll see a big plunge next. No 6000 this year.23% Total votes: 1532 Cast your vote Poll closes in 17 hours. Disclaimer: These polls are not scientific and reflect the opinion only of visitors who have chosen to participate. 2:23pm on 11 Apr 2017 The Australian dollar's 2017 surge appears to be at an end, with the currency falling in the past few weeks to yesterday dip below US75¢ to a three-month low of $US74.76¢. But investors and analysts see little reason it could plunge further, with some short-term trader support for the currency keeping it from falling too far too fast. It clawed back some lost ground today to trade around the US75¢ mark. The Australian dollar started the year at US72¢, and surged above US77¢ in the middle of March, capping off a period in which it was one of the world's best-performing currencies. But beginning three weeks ago, the dollar started dropping.  On a trade-weighted basis - where the Australian dollar is compared to a basket of currencies weighted by the volume of its trade relate relations with those countries - the Australian dollar rose rapidly for most of this year to hit a peak on March 15. It has since declined 1.9 per cent, giving up around half of its yearly gains.  Chief economist of Colonial First State Global Asset Management Stephen Halmarick argues a marked shift in how markets are pricing the odds of a Reserve Bank interest rate hike has been behind the dollar's decline.  Long term Aust/US 10 year bond spread and AUD/USD #rates #bonds #AUD pic.twitter.com/fQ1pZ07c9h— Martin Whetton (@martin_whetton) April 11, 2017 After starting to price in the chance of a rate hike later this year, markets now see a 16 per cent chance the RBA will cut in December, pushing back the possibility of tightening to the first quarter of 2018. "In early March, there was this kind of building up of expectation that the RBA was finished cutting interest rates and if anything the next move was gonna be up. The strength of the housing market was behind that view," Halmarick says. "And then, a few factors - particularly weak economic data releases - have reduced the expectations of rate hikes, and brought some discussion of rate cuts back into the equation. Our view hasn't changed - which is that the RBA is on hold. But the balance of risks have shifted." "That's weighed on the dollar- that's the main thing." The balance of risks has shifted for the RBA. Photo: Brendon Thorne 1:53pm on 11 Apr 2017 Costa Group shares have hit an all-time high today, buoyed by Goldman Sachs lifting its price target for the stock. Shares in the horticultural company are nearly 7 per cent higher at $4.68, after earlier touching a record high of $4.73. Goldman reiterated its 'buy' rating and raised its price target by 27 per cent to $5.10, saying Costa's move into the avocado market last year and the positive outlook for blackberries will lift earnings. "The avocado market has experienced robust growth over the past decade. We expect steady volume and value growth driven by increased consumption and potential expansion into the export markets over the medium term," the analysts write. Three analysts have a 'buy' rating on the stock and one a 'hold', with an average price target of $4.44, according to Bloomberg. 1:30pm on 11 Apr 2017 The surging soft data v stodgy hard data discussion has hit Australian shores after the NAB business conditions index hit a post-GFC high today. To recap: US economists have been fretting that very strong sentiment indicators (soft data) - such as business confidence surveys or purchasing manager indices - have not been matched by measurable improvements in the economy (hard data), eg rising wages or stronger GDP growth. Today's business conditions survey suggests we're seeing a similar development here, with a sub-component of the NAB survey, the employment index, signalling a much healthier jobs market than the actual employment numbers. UBS economist George Tharanou says the strong business conditions read is firmly in RBA rate hike territory - but hard data will need to follow before the central bank moves. "The 'soft data' of business conditions have been average or above for the last two years, yet the 'hard data' of real GDP growth has been stuck trending around a relatively moderate 2.5 per cent per annum," he says. "Indeed, much better reported business conditions have also yet to translate into inflation indicators to the same extent, and hence we still see the RBA on hold ahead." 1:12pm on 11 Apr 2017 Premium coking coal prices have surged above $US300 a tonne as the damage from Cyclone Debbie continues to sideline Queensland coking coal exports. We reported earlier that a first shipment of coal has reached Gladstone port via Aurizon's Blackwater rail line, which transports 15‑20 per cent of cross border coking coal, but other lines remain damaged. Aurizon estimates it will take another four weeks to repair its Goonyella rail line, which transports 35‑40 per cent of global coking coal exports. The rail operator has flagged that it plans to divert some output from its Goonyella rail line through the ports of Abbot Point and Gladstone, CBA analyst Vivek Dhar says, but adds, "The offset will be modest as re‑routing coal through Gladstone will be challenging given the rail configuration." Dhar estimates that 13‑17Mt of seaborne coking coal supply (or about 4‑6 per cent of global exports) may be lost this year. "Some of the lost volume will likely be mitigated by drawing down on port stockpiles and increased haulage rates through the remainder of 2017. Mine damage appears limited at this stage, which means any prolonged impact from Cyclone Debbie has likely been avoided." The timing of the cyclone has also provided producers all the bargaining power as they negotiate quarterly contract prices with Japanese steel mills, Dhar says: "We could see premium coking coal prices spike above $US300/t for potentially another week before prices retreat once again as coal railways resume operations." Back to top 12:45pm on 11 Apr 2017 If hedge fund Elliott Management's activist investor play book is any guide, BHP Billiton's board and chief executive Andrew Mackenzie may need to brace for an arduous tussle over the elaborate overhaul demands the New York firm has sprung on the iconic Australian resources giant. Famously, Elliott's hard-nosed billionaire founder Paul Singer fought for a $US2.3 billion repayment from the government of Argentina for nearly 15 years following the country's sovereign default and debt restructuring. Many other creditors less persistent than Elliott copped losses of about 70 per cent in negotiated settlements. But Elliott held out for a better deal than other bond holders and ultimately delivered an estimated return of about 370 per cent on Elliott's principal investment in the distressed Argentine bonds. In the process, Elliott reportedly pressured Ghana to seize a 100-metre Argentine navy ship as collateral for the debt.​ Elliott's staunch activist practices suggest it is unlikely to walk away quietly after issuing public letters to BHP chair Jac Nasser and his fellow directors on Monday, despite BHP's swift rebuttal that the "costs and associated risks of Elliott's proposal would significantly outweigh any potential benefits." On hearing the news that Elliott had targeted BHP for a "value unlock plan", an experienced Australian hedge fund executive in New York evoked the memory of Robert Holmes a Court's brazen takeover attempt of BHP in the 1980s. "BHP is a big company but they better know what they're doing because these guys [Elliott] are the real deal and they don't muck around," he said. "He [Singer] is a sophisticated person with a lot of resources and not to be underestimated." Read more at the AFR   'These guys don't muck around': Billionaire hedge fund manager Paul Singer, president of Elliott Management. Photo: CNBC 12:22pm on 11 Apr 2017 Iron ore's descent into bear-market territory may herald further weakness, with Barclays pinning the blame for the slide on lower steel demand in China driving a shift from mills toward lower-quality ore and raising the prospect of a drop into the $US50s. Ore with 62 per cent content in Qingdao fell 1 per cent to $US74.71 a tonne overnight, following a 6.8 per cent drop on Friday that pushed the commodity into a bear market from a February peak. Iron ore futures in Dalian are trading flat at 523 yuan. Iron ore is in retreat after a procession of negative outlooks, with Barclays among banks saying that gains were unsustainable, along with the RBA and even some mining companies. There's concern that curbs in China may hurt steel consumption in the top user, as well as forecasts that a further expansion in mine supplies from Brazil, Australia and China will undermine prices. Steel in China has also sagged. "The weakness in prices was driven by a slackening in end-use steel demand," Barclays analyst Dane Davis said. "When that occurred, steel producers switched to lower-quality iron ores, which were in abundance," said Davis, who's been bearish on the outlook for months. BHP Billiton has cautioned in recent weeks that prices may retrace. Axiom Capital Management, a consistent bear on iron ore, said in a report on Monday that "the timing is ripe" for bets on lower prices, citing prospects for increased mine supplies and tentative signs that record stockpiles at China's ports may be starting to be sold off. After peaking at 132.5 million tons on March 24, the holdings have posted the first back-to-back drop since September, according to Shanghai Steelhome E-Commerce Co. Still, while prices have dropped, they remain well above levels seen 12 months ago. Iron ore surged more than 80 per cent last year - in a rally that caught out many bears - as steel production and demand in China proved more resilient that expected. "While some may label this a bear market, the reality is that prices are still 33 per cent higher than they were this time last year and well above any levels seen since 2014," ANZ said in a note on Monday. "The macro backdrop for iron ore is that after maintaining very loose monetary policy through 2014 and 2015, China has begun to tighten." Iron ore prices are tipped to remain on the way down. Photo: AP 12:05pm on 11 Apr 2017 Supermarket giant Woolworths is facing a class action over alleged breaches of the Corporations Act following a shock profit downgrade in 2015.  The class action, to be led by law firm Maurice Blackburn, could exceed $100 million, the law firm said. Aggrieved shareholders will claim Woolworths breached its continuous disclosure obligations ahead of the profit downgrade in 2015, which triggered a 13.7 per cent dive in its share price. Maurice Blackburn said while an investigation into the case was ongoing, it was clear Woolworths knew that it was significantly behind its profit projections as early as October 2014 but continued to maintain its profit guidance until the publication of its half-year accounts in February 2015.  Woolworths shares are up 0.4 per cent at $29.68. Shareholders claim Woolworths breached the Corporations Act over a surprise profit downgrade in 2015. Photo: Dallas Kilponen 11:37am on 11 Apr 2017 Here's more good news for the market: business conditions jumped in March to highs not seen since before the global financial crisis with sales, profits and employment all at levels that bode well for a pick up in economic growth in coming months. NAB's monthly survey of more than 400 firms showed its index of business conditions climbed 6 points to +14 in March, well above the long-run average of +5. The survey's measure of business confidence, however, dipped a point to +6 which was in line with its long-run average. The major services sectors and wholesale reported the strongest conditions, while retail continued to suffer. Mining brightened considerably on the back of higher commodity prices. NAB chief economist, Alan Oster, cautioned that Cyclone Debbie may have flattered the survey by limiting responses from the affected area in northern Queensland. "Even so, conditions have improved almost across the board to levels that suggest a strong economy in the near term," said Oster. "That includes Western Australia, which has been looking better of late and suggests the worst of the mining downturn may be behind us." The economy grew a faster-than-expected 1.1 per cent in the fourth quarter of last year, underpinned by strength in consumer and government spending and home building. That improvement encouraged the Reserve Bank to hold interest rates steady as it kept a wary eye on the risk of overheating housing markets in Sydney and Melbourne. The NAB survey's measure of sales enjoyed the biggest gain in March, rising 10 points to +22, while profits rose 3 points to +13. The employment index held steady at a relatively firm +5, which implies a healthier labour market than that shown in the official jobs data. Forward orders also added 2 points to +4, suggesting the acceleration in activity may have legs. The survey's measure of capacity utilisation edged up to 81.9 percent in March and business speeding intentions rose to a firm +13, pointing to a better investment outlook. 11:24am on 11 Apr 2017 Oroton chief executive Mark Newman has resigned just weeks after the handbag retailer posted a heavy slide in sales and half-year profit. Newman, who has been OrotonGroup's CEO and managing director for the past four years, stepped down immediately from his post this morning and will be replaced by director Ross Lane, who will serve as interim CEO. Shares initially plunged 3.1 per cent but have since rebounded to be up 0.6 per cent at $1.62. Newman's departure follows a weak result in the six months ending January, when OrotonGroup's net profit slumped 52 per cent to $1.8 million following a 10 per cent drop in group sales to $67.1 million. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation fell 43.5 per cent to $5 million as weak sales at Oroton and GAP stores were exacerbated by a $1.3 million hit from the weaker Australian dollar. Mark Newman has resigned as Oroton CEO after net profit halved. Photo: Wayne Taylor Back to top 11:09am on 11 Apr 2017 Woodside has hit a 20-month high, rising nearly 2 per cent to $33.85, boosted by rising oil prices. US crude oil rose for a sixth consecutive session overnight to hit its highest level in five weeks, underpinned by tensions following a US missile strike on Syria and a shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield. Other energy stocks are also doing well: Oil Search is up 1.5 per cent, Beach Energy has gained 1.3 per cent and Santos has added 0.8 per cent.  Weighing on the sub-index, Caltex is down 1.5 per cent, and Whitehaven Coal has lost 2.3 per cent. 11:00am on 11 Apr 2017 What's not to get excited about the benchmark S&P/ASX 200 Index getting back up to the 5900 level again? Now, it just has to make sure it doesn't fall down, the AFR's Phil Baker writes: Like it usually does when it gets there. The last time the index was up at this sort of level, it spent a couple of months trying to grind higher and then failed to do it. Still, that won't stop the bulls talking up 6000 points as the next target and then their sights will be well and truly on the investor who top-ticked the market at 6828 points in November 2007. If they didn't sell, it's just another 16 per cent rally for them to get square and for the local sharemarket to retrace all its losses from the GFC and reach a fresh record high. So what could possibly go wrong? The obvious answer is the United States going to war with Russia. But interest rates and earnings end up determining the value of shares so what happens to borrowing costs and the US first-quarter earnings season, which gets under way this week, is vital. Later this week Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo are all tipped to reveal their latest numbers. If Thomson Reuters is on the money then companies in the blue-chip S&P 500 will deliver annual earnings growth of about 10.1 per cent during the season. But it's tough to be precise. It seems that corporate America is being very shy when it comes to letting anyone know about its upcoming numbers. Here's more at the AFR Poll Would you like to vote? You will need Cookies enabled to use our Voting Feature. Would you like to vote? You will need Javascript enabled to use our Voting Feature. Will the ASX make it through 6000 points this time around? Yes, momentum is in the market and April is usually a strong month. No, the 6000-level is a barrier too high at the moment. Maybe later in the year. No, valuations are well stretched already and we'll see a big plunge next. No 6000 this year. View results Please select an answer. Poll closes in 17 hours. Disclaimer: These polls are not scientific and reflect the opinion only of visitors who have chosen to participate. Will the ASX make it through 6000 points this time around? Yes, momentum is in the market and April is usually a strong month.49% No, the 6000-level is a barrier too high at the moment. Maybe later in the year.28% No, valuations are well stretched already and we'll see a big plunge next. No 6000 this year.23% Total votes: 1532 Cast your vote Poll closes in 17 hours. Disclaimer: These polls are not scientific and reflect the opinion only of visitors who have chosen to participate. 10:36am on 11 Apr 2017 Shares have eked out minimal gains at the open, led up by gains in the big banks and energy stocks, while BHP gives back some of yesterday's rally. The ASX is up 0.1 per cent at 5917.3, which is another two-year high. The spot iron ore price continued to soften yesterday, raising the question of whether investors will be prepared to stage a repeat of yesterday's market action where the share price of  major iron ore stocks moved in the opposite direction, says CMC chief market analyst Ric Spooner. Currently, the answer is mixed, as Fortescue is down 1.9 per cent, South32 has lost 1.3 per cent, but Rio Tinto is up 1 per cent. BHP shares are the biggest drag on the market, losing 2.1 per cent as investors reassess yesterday's outsized gains following an activist hedge fund's call for a demerger of the US petroleum assets as well as a single listing of the shares. BHP has rejected both demands. Energy stocks are higher, with Woodside gaining 1.3 per cent, Santos rising 1 per cent and Oil Search up 1.3 per cent. "The news that Libya has again been forced to halt production at its Sharara oil field has a more tangible impact on the oil market than the Syrian air strikes at this stage," Spooner said. "This disruption potentially removes 200,000 barrels a day from the market." 10:19am on 11 Apr 2017 The first coal train from the cyclone-hit Bowen Basin has reached Gladstone Port with seaborne exports planned to resume this week, a shipping agent says. Just before 8am local time the first coal train arrived at Gladstone port, said John Parks, shipping agent for Aqua Bonanza, the first vessel scheduled to load there. "She'll start to load tonight and sail at 8 o'clock on the 14th," he told Reuters. Track operator Aurizon was not immediately available for comment, but had previously said its line to Gladstone was scheduled to reopen on Monday. Port of Gladstone's operator was not immediately available for comment. Queensland rail lines in the wake of Cyclone Debbie. Photo: Queensland Rail 10:03am on 11 Apr 2017 SPONSORED POST Geopolitics is the overnight catchword. Here's IG strategist Chris Weston's take: US equities have shrugged off reports that China has deployed 150,000 troops on the border with North Korea, although as a far as I can see this is coming from a Twitter source (@DEFCONWSALERTS). There is chatter that this was spurned out of an article from a Korean news article, either way, this in itself shows how technology is shaping first mover advantage, or what some will feel is actually a disadvantage. If we look at moves in S&P sub-sectors by way of a guide for Asia, the lead really comes from energy, which won't surprise when US crude has put on a further 1.4%. Real estate has performed fairly well, while financials and materials stocks have closed on a flat note. Volumes through the S&P 500 have been poor and some 22% below the 30-day average. On the theme of crude strength, most have put this down to Libya temporarily shutting an export terminal, although there is already real momentum in the rate of change in price. A 12.6% rally in the barrel since 27 March suggests a certain caution around chasing the market here, as we are approaching a potential point of exhaustion and a pullback of sorts becoming a higher probability. Shorting oil seems a high risk strategy here though. One other interesting issue to point out has been the moves behind the scenes in various European financial markets. If we look at the CAC index, a 0.5% sell-off is hardly concerning, neither is the moves in EUR/USD which is eyeing a move back into $US1.0600, although to be fair has come off 300 pips from late March, driven by the European Central Bank. What we can see though is French two-year bonds trading on a yield premium of 51 basis points to that of German bunds, with a punchy nine basis point increase of the session, taking it to the biggest differential since May 2012. This spread stood at one basis point in November. We can also see EUR/USD one-month implied volatility at 12.43%, the highest since June 2016 and traders will be watching for a break of June 2015 highs of 14.25%, where we start getting into levels not seen since the Greek debt drama – Grexit. We can also see EUR/USD risk reversals trading at -3.225, which is now actually at the lowest levels since 2011 and this shows a huge demand from traders to hedge portfolios, with the skew of implied volatility in EUR/USD out-of- money puts far outweighing that of out-of- the money calls. There are strange things at play here, but one thing seems for sure, traders learnt some valuable lessons from the UK referendum and the US elections and while there doesn't seem to be much stress in equities traders are protecting themselves against a doomsday scenario, which of course means a showdown on 7 May between Marine Le Pen and Jean-Luc Melenchon. Things are getting very interesting indeed. Here's more Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 162 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Centrelink 'Robo-Debt' Program Unclear, ... Contains: External link Man Spends 30 Hours Disputing False ... Contains: External link Most Popular TPG to build own mobile network after $1.2b splurge United seat fiasco among worst corporate tales from hell United shares fall as social media firestorm spreads to China Want to boycott United? It'll pass, brand experts say Matt Moran snaps up Newtown's Marlborough Hotel Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'Re-accommodating' passengers: United's colossal PR fail United shares fall as social media firestorm spreads to China TPG to build own mobile network after $1.2b splurge How airlines decide who gets kicked off a flight Coles plays catch-up with Easter checkout promise Canberra Times Regurgitator pulls out of final ANU Bar gig after lineup controversy North Korea tensions: Reports of Chinese troops on border Momentum builds for Canberra to Sydney high-speed train 'Do you want to get a hotel room?' Investor made indecent proposal at pitch meeting 2016 Census: snapshot of a typical Canberran The Sydney Morning Herald North Korea tensions: Reports of Chinese troops on border United shares fall as social media firestorm spreads to China 'Re-accommodating' passengers: United's colossal PR fail 'Do you want to get a hotel room?' Investor made indecent proposal at pitch meeting On my 60th birthday, this is what I wish I knew 30 years ago The Age North Korea tensions: Reports of Chinese troops on border Fan denies 'ape' comment racist 'Do you want to get a hotel room?' Investor made indecent proposal at pitch meeting 'Re-accommodating' passengers: United's colossal PR fail Why Aussie women are ageing up to 20 years faster than US women Brisbane Times Revealed: Australia's most and least satisfied university students Brisbane cancer blogger Emma Betts dies, family vow to continue work Schapelle Corby prepares for deportation to Australia Man accused of Pacific Motorway rampage in coma instead of court Census data reveals the typical Queenslander. Turns out it is (almost) Kate Jones WA Today Family supports dad who tried to kill son East coast schnitzel chain Schnitz takes WA plunge Aussie dance act PNAU perform surprise 21st birthday backyard gig Hospital grants patient's dying wish for a glass of wine and a cigarette RSCPA inspector 'assaulted' during animal cruelty investigation Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Wall Street ends choppy session up slightly; energy shares help Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet April 11, 2017:   US stocks ended a choppy session slightly higher on Monday as gains in energy shares offset losses in financials ahead of quarterly corporate earnings later this week. Geopolitical tensions added to the choppiness. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had said on Sunday that the military strikes against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons were a warning to other nations, including North Korea, that “a response is likely” if they pose a danger. With trading slow at the beginning of a holiday-shortened week, volume was the lightest of the year so far. The S&P energy index, up 0.8 per cent, was the day's best-performing S&P 500 sector, following gains in oil prices. Investors prepared for the start of quarterly profit reports, with the earnings of S&P 500 companies estimated to have risen 10.1 per cent in the first three months of the year, according to Thomson Reuters data. Energy companies, hit by a sell-off in oil prices last year, are expected to show the greatest strength with a 600 per cent year-over-year earnings increase. “The key will be oil stocks given how volatile oil has been since the election,” said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma, which has about $50 million in assets under management. The energy index is down 6 per cent for the year to date. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 1.92 points, or 0.01 per cent, to 20,658.02, the S&P 500 gained 1.62 points, or 0.07 per cent, to 2,357.16 and the Nasdaq Composite added 3.11 points, or 0.05 per cent, to 5,880.93. Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday. Just 5.5 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges on Monday. The daily average for the past 20 trading days is 6.7 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report earnings on Thursday and could throw some light on the US banking industry's performance amid a rally in financial shares since the election of President Donald Trump. Bank stocks have retreated recently as investors question lofty valuations and Trump's ability to swiftly introduce simpler regulations and other policies following the failure of a healthcare reform bill. The S&P 500 financial sector was off 0.3 per cent. Traders attributed a stock dip around noon to unverified rumors stemming from weekend news related to North Korea. “You've had a lot of geopolitical news that could have driven this market a lot lower, and I think it's a huge relief that the market has held up so well,” Dollarhide said. Whole Foods Market was the S&P 500's biggest percentage gainer on the day, rising 10 per cent after activist investor Jana Partners LLC disclosed an 8.3 per cent stake in the company as it looks to shake up the company's board. Swift Transportation jumped 23.7 per cent to $24.77 after agreeing to a merger with fellow trucking company Knight Transportation. Knight's shares were up 13.4 per cent. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.09-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.06-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 8 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 68 new highs and 38 new lows. (This article was published on April 11, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Markets Live: FMCG, capital goods stocks push Sensex up 213 points Rupee trading strong at 64.47 as dollar edges down FMCG, capital goods stocks push Sensex up 213 points TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Sensex drops 182 points; realty, power stocks trip Markets Live More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks Karnataka Bank shares slip after ICICI Bank clarifies on stock exposure Shares of Karnataka Bank slumped nearly 3 per cent today after top private lender ICICI Bank clarified that almost all shares held by it... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market Wall Street ends choppy session up slightly; energy helps Wall Street ends choppy session up slightly; energy helps U.S. stocks ended a choppy session slightly higher on Monday as gains in energy shares offset losses in financials ahead of quarterly corporate earnings later this week. By: Reuters | New York | Published: April 11, 2017 7:44 AM The S&P energy index, up 0.8 percent, was the day’s best-performing S&P 500 sector, following gains in oil prices. (Reuters) U.S. stocks ended a choppy session slightly higher on Monday as gains in energy shares offset losses in financials ahead of quarterly corporate earnings later this week. Geopolitical tensions added to the choppiness. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Sunday the military strikes against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons were a warning to other nations, including North Korea, that “a response is likely” if they pose a danger. With trading slow at the beginning of a holiday-shortened week, volume was the lightest of the year so far. The S&P energy index, up 0.8 percent, was the day’s best-performing S&P 500 sector, following gains in oil prices. Investors prepared for the start of quarterly profit reports, with earnings of S&P 500 companies estimated to have risen 10.1 percent in the first three months of the year, according to Thomson Reuters data. Energy companies, hit by a selloff in oil prices last year, are expected to show the greatest strength with a 600 percent year-over-year earnings increase. “The key will be oil stocks given how volatile oil has been since the election,” said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma, which has about $50 million in assets under management. The energy index is down 6 percent for the year to date. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 1.92 points, or 0.01 percent, to 20,658.02, the S&P 500 gained 1.62 points, or 0.07 percent, to 2,357.16 and the Nasdaq Composite added 3.11 points, or 0.05 percent, to 5,880.93. Thursday will be the last trading day of the week on Wall Street ahead of the Good Friday holiday. Just 5.5 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday. The daily average for the past 20 trading days is 6.7 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo are scheduled to report earnings on Thursday and could throw some light on the U.S. banking industry’s performance amid a rally in financial shares since the election of President Donald Trump. Also Watch: Bank stocks have retreated recently as investors question lofty valuations and Trump’s ability to swiftly introduce simpler regulations and other policies following the failure of a healthcare reform bill. The S&P 500 financial sector was off 0.3 percent. Traders attributed a stock dip around noon to unverified rumors stemming from weekend news related to North Korea. “You’ve had a lot of geopolitical news that could have driven this market a lot lower, and I think it’s a huge relief that the market has held up so well,” Dollarhide said. Whole Foods Market was the S&P 500’s biggest percentage gainer on the day, rising 10 percent after activist investor Jana Partners LLC disclosed an 8.3 percent stake in the company as it looks to shake up the company’s board. Swift Transportation jumped 23.7 percent to $24.77 after agreeing to a merger with fellow trucking company Knight Transportation. Knight’s shares were up 13.4 percent. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.09-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.06-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 8 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 68 new highs and 38 new lows. No Comments. Trending Now Considering metro railways financially impracticable, government set to tighten norms to appraise proposals from states BJP's National Executive Meet in Bhubaneswar will have no impact on BJD, says CM Naveen Patnaik Yogi Adityanath Power supply in UP: JD (U) says decisions are much harder to implement Congress leader Akhilesh Das Gupta passes away, PM Narendra Modi expresses grief Kulbhushan Jadav Death Sentence Row: Pakistan rules out immediate execution of Kulbhushan Jadhav Kulbhushan Jadav Death Sentence Row: India can retaliate in same manner, warns Shiv Sena Wahoo protesters want to be in on Indians' talks with Major League Baseball Ideal battery on way? Lithium-ion on way out as more efficient, safe, solid-state battery is here Infoedge gets rated 'Buy' by Motilal Oswal; target price at Rs 1000 Social networking app Rooter offers opportunities for sports lovers to come together Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan proposes ban on liquor shops Narsinghpur Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ के आवास पर मची अफरा-तफरी, अपनी फरियाद सुनाने जनता दरबार में उमड़ी भारी भीड़ पाकिस्तान को अमेरिकी कूटनीतिज्ञों ने लगाई फटकार, पाक में 9 साल से टल रही है 26/11 हमले की सुनवाई, लेकिन कुलभूषण जाधव को फांसी देने की है जल्दबाजी वरिष्ठ कांग्रेसी नेता ने ईवीएम विरोध पर की पार्टी की आलोचना, कहा- नहीं हो सकती धांधली, मैं कानून मंत्री था तो कराई थी जांच Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Photos Videos Topics Live PNG 30/4 (9) - UAE (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Malcolm Turnbull Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal Home Money D-Mart parent turns a rocket with 21% gains on Dalal Street Radhakishan Damani Shares2 DNA Money Correspondent | Tue, 11 Apr 2017-07:15am , Mumbai , DNA It has rallied over 21% in last 3 sessions and surged 3 times over its issue price The recently-listed Avenue Supermarts, which runs D-Mart stores, has continued its winning streak. On Monday, its market capitalisation (m-cap) crossed Rs 50,000 crore after the stock hit a new high of Rs 807 on bourses in the morning trade. At the close of the session, the stock settled at Rs 775.5 per share, clocking an m-cap of Rs 48,397.75 crore. The stock has surged nearly three times over its issue price of Rs 299. The stock got listed on stock exchanges on March 21. In past three trading sessions, the stock has rallied over 21% after Avenue Supermarts said Crisil upgraded ratings on the bank facilities of the company. The company, promoted by veteran ace investor Radhakishan Damani, rose as much as 7.4% in the morning trade to hit fresh a 52-week high of Rs 806.90. The surge has pushed Damani to the stratosphere of India's richest 20 club. US-based brokerage JPMorgan in a report released on Friday initiated coverage on the stock with a "neutral" rating. Any minor lapse in the near term and substantial investments in e-commerce (earnings dilutive) could strain valuation multiples, the brokerage said, adding that the prevailing valuations were factoring in the long-term growth opportunities. According to a Mumbai-based analyst, a gradual uptick in consumer sentiment after the demonetization and upcoming GST could drive the retail sector in the immediate future. D-Mart, India's most profitable supermarket chain, follows a unique ownership model and offers more of staple consumer products which have very high inventory turnover. Last week, Crisil had upgraded its rating on the company's long-term bank facilities and non-convertible debentures to 'Crisil AA/Stable' from 'Crisil AA-/Positive'. "Avenue Supermarts's share is expensive at current valuations, but any dip from current level should be used as a buying opportunity from an investment perspective of 3-5 years," said another analyst. DNA Money Correspondent TOP TOP < LS, RS adjourned over Tarun Vijay’s remarks   Comments   Also Read Money Here's how to ensure HRA tax benefit isn't declined Money Rupee may not breach 64/$ level Money Experiments with 'truth' Money Opening up of coal sector may run into pricing hurdle Money We are prepared for GST, our trade partners aren't: Ki Wan Kim Money Peak electricity demand to soar 7% this summer < Previous ArticleNext Article > LS, RS adjourned over Tarun Vijay’s remarks Live Cricket Score Live PNG 30/4 (9) UAE (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related We plan to open 20 Baggit stores this year: Nina Lekhi Is social media all talk and no action when it comes to brands? Experiments with 'truth' Video WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding WATCH: Safari park visitor screams in shock as a camel pokes its face inside her car View all Tags India Business Report D-Mart Avenue Supermarts Market Capitalisation Crisil Radhakishan Damani JPMorgan e-commerce demonetization SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Going back for manual not a 'progressive step'- Moily on EVMs row South Africa's finmin Gigaba committed to fiscal consolidation after downgrades WATCH: Cobra bites man who took selfie with it Meerut: Hindu Yuva Vahini members assault couple on suspicion of 'love-jihad' WRAPUP 3-China's Xi calls for peaceful resolution of N.Korea tensions in call with Trump Sport Harbhajan Singh, 7 others named Champions Trophy ambassadors NHL-Hope renewed for Canadian clubs in Stanley Cup playoffs NHL-Hope renewed for Canadian clubs in Stanley Cup playoffs NHL-Hope renewed for Canadian clubs in Stanley Cup playoffs Soccer-Elmohamady endorses fearless approach for Hull to survive Entertainment After TVF's Arunabh Kumar row, a ScoopWhoop employee accuses co-founder Suparn Pandey of sexual harassment Baarish from Half Girlfriend: Arjun Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor's romance begins from the rains! SHOCKING! Vidyut Jammwal now LEAKS audio of a drunk Ram Gopal Varma calling Tiger Shroff a transgender 'Thor Ragnarok' becomes 'most watched trailer' for Marvel, Disney Big B shares nostalgic picture of 'Superstar of the day' Money Germany's Schaeuble promises 'moderate' tax cuts after election InnoVen Capital doubles deployment pace, aims to fund more startups Hunting reports positive Q1 EBITDA as U.S. shale activity rises Raw sugar imports unlikely to affect sugar prices negatively in the near term Sensex makes a U-turn, drops 165 pts as investors hold back Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Qiwi PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qiwi PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Short Interest in WD-40 Company (WDFC) Increases By 0.3% Qiwi PLC (QIWI) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest German American Bancorp., Inc. (GABC) Given “Hold” Rating at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods QCR Holdings, Inc. (QCRH) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates Hold Rating for Toll Brothers Inc (TOL) Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods American Express Company’s (AXP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Gain Capital Holdings Inc (GCAP) Earns “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Zacks: Brokerages Expect Credicorp Ltd. (BAP) Will Post Earnings of $3.38 Per Share Paysafe Group Plc (PAYS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Primo Water Co. (PRMW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Magna International Inc. (MGA) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Brokerages Anticipate Gentex Co. (GNTX) to Announce $0.31 EPS Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Shares Bought by Quadrant Capital Group LLC ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) Insider Rene Jacobsen Sells 950 Shares Shire PLC (SHPG) Position Boosted by Quadrant Capital Group LLC Equal Energy Ltd. (ENT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $161.31 Million Analysts Expect United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $403.62 Million $0.00 in Sales Expected for Lennar Co. (LEN.B) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate TransAtlantic Petroleum Ltd (TAT) to Post -$0.03 Earnings Per Share Qiwi PLC (QIWI) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest April 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) was the recipient of a large increase in short interest during the month of March. As of March 15th, there was short interest totalling 708,790 shares, an increase of 1.0% from the February 28th total of 701,441 shares. Based on an average daily trading volume, of 578,555 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 1.2 days. Shares of Qiwi PLC (NASDAQ:QIWI) traded up 7.06% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $17.28. The stock had a trading volume of 921,356 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $15.98 and its 200 day moving average is $14.05. The company has a market cap of $1.05 billion, a PE ratio of 13.14 and a beta of 3.54. Qiwi PLC has a 52-week low of $10.42 and a 52-week high of $17.49. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 10th. Investors of record on Monday, April 3rd will be given a $0.16 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.70%. Qiwi PLC’s dividend payout ratio is currently 112.63%. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Guggenheim Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Qiwi PLC during the fourth quarter worth approximately $3,710,000. A.R.T. Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Qiwi PLC during the fourth quarter worth approximately $287,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in Qiwi PLC by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 730,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,328,000 after buying an additional 32,300 shares in the last quarter. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd purchased a new stake in Qiwi PLC during the fourth quarter worth approximately $170,000. Finally, J. Goldman & Co LP increased its stake in Qiwi PLC by 126.1% in the fourth quarter. J. Goldman & Co LP now owns 316,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,043,000 after buying an additional 176,600 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 41.87% of the company’s stock. A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on QIWI. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Qiwi PLC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $15.00 to $23.00 in a research report on Monday. Zacks Investment Research lowered Qiwi PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on Qiwi PLC in a research report on Friday. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $18.00 price objective on the stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/10/qiwi-plc-qiwi-sees-significant-growth-in-short-interest.html. Qiwi PLC Company Profile QIWI plc is a provider of payment services in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). The Company’s network enables payment services across physical, online and mobile channels. The Company operates in target markets and customer segments. It had deployed over 16.1 million virtual wallets, approximately 172,000 kiosks and terminals, and enabled merchants to accept cash and electronic payments. Receive News & Ratings for Qiwi PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Qiwi PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Citi tops global transaction banking ranks: Coalition By admin in Uncategorized April 11, 2017 LONDON: Citi was the top bank last year in transaction banking, a segment comprising trade finance and cash management services, rankings compiled by industry analytics firm Coalition showed on Tuesday.This is the first time Coalition has ranked banks on transaction banking, basing the scores on services provided to clients with annual turnover of over US$1.5 billion.Cash management encompasses services such as direct debits, wire transfers and currency clearing, while trade finance can include items such as letters of credit and trade loans.Coalition regularly releases investment banking league tables and its 2016 rankings, released last month, showed U.S. banks grabbing the top five places.Eric Li, research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters that while the investment banking industry typically grabbed more attention, transaction banking had proved to be a more steady source of income for global banks.Also, trade finance, a key element in transaction banking, is picking up after a decline caused by the slowdown in global commerce in recent years, he noted.”This business is a lot more resilient compared to investment banking, you don’t see huge swings by 20-30 percent in terms of top line revenue. It’s a very steady business,” Li said.”As a result … we are increasingly seeing a gradual increase in coverage of this from the media as well as the bank management perspective.”Coalition’s transaction banking list is less U.S. heavy than its investment banking league table – after Citi, U.S. banks JPMorgan, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Wells Fargo were in second, fourth and ninth place respectively.HSBC was the top placed European bank, tying for second place with JPMorgan, while other top 10 European names were Deutsche Bank, BNP Paribas, Standard Chartered, Societe Generale and Barclays, Coalition said.”In trade finance, most major players are European banks. This is a big divergence from the investment… Post navigation Trump to sell attack planes to Nigeria Janet Jackson splits with husband three months after birth of son Search for: Recent Posts Half Girlfriend song Baarish: Shraddha Kapoor-Arjun Kapoor’s fresh romance shines in this otherwise forgettable tu Local Mazda2 range expanded, new features added Chinese brand reveals (bad) Lamborghini Urus clone! Cadence Launches the Pegasus Verification System, a Massively Parallel Physical Signoff Solution RISC-V’s Impact on Processor IP Licensing Fees (Codasip Blog – ) Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 April 2017 by Military News Major L.A. Employers Raise Concerns That High Cost of Living Is a Barrier to Attracting and Retaining Top Talent LOS ANGELES–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Housing costs are deterring top-talent from entering the Los Angeles job market, and leading to higher costs in recruiting and retaining employees, according to a new survey released today by Raphael Bostic, a USC Price School of Public Policy Professor and the newly appointed head of the Atlanta Federal Reserve. Bostic led a team of USC researchers in surveying major L.A. employers accounting for nearly 200,000 jobs in key sectors including utilities, healthcare, education, government, engineering and finance. The resulting report, The Affordable Housing Crisis in Los Angeles: An Employer Perspective, released in partnership with the Los Angeles Business Council, focuses on how the high cost of housing in the region has affected employers and puts forth key recommendations. “This study shows that high housing costs are burdening our leading employers, either by having to develop special hiring packages, or subsidizing transportation and relocation costs,” said Bostic. “Though we have yet to see a critical mass of businesses priced out of the region, this is an area of concern. There’s ample evidence to show that the time is now to implement strategies to reduce housing costs.” Nearly 60% of employers surveyed cite the region’s high cost of living as impacting employee retention, and 75% cite housing costs specifically as an area of concern. The impact of high housing costs is most apparent when employers try to recruit top talent: 64% of employers report that they include cost of living when negotiating hiring packages for high-level employees. “It’s concerning that high housing costs could lead to Los Angeles losing its competitive edge in recruiting top talent. That would be devastating to our economy,” said Mary Leslie, president of LABC. “This survey underscores the need to think outside the box and tackle our city’s high cost of living problem.” To address the strain on L.A.’s limited housing supply, the report recommends examining successful employer-sponsored housing projects, such as the LAUSD affordable housing apartments completed in 2016. It also makes a strong case for investing in higher-density housing at a range of prices near key transit centers. Other recommendations include: reducing parking requirements for new development, identifying single-story buildings that could be modified to support housing, exploring innovative transportation solutions, and encouraging employers to engage with community and government groups around housing construction projects that could benefit their workers. “This report provides compelling evidence for the need of well-designed, affordable homes connected to quality transportation, education and jobs,” said Jacqueline Waggoner, Vice President and Southern California market leader of Enterprise Community Partners, Inc. “The burden of high housing costs not only impacts our quality of life, it threatens our economic foundation. With affordably-priced homes, employers will have a greater ability to recruit senior employees and retain current employees at all levels. ” The problem is not unique to Los Angeles— nearly every metropolitan area is burdened by high housing costs. According to the report, nationwide, over 10 million households pay more than half their income in housing costs. Besides impacting employers’ bottom lines, housing costs negatively affect employee’s satisfaction and productivity. Pushed out of housing markets closer to jobs, workers have to undergo long and taxing commutes. Nearly every employer surveyed reported that more than 25% of their employees spent more than 90 minutes getting to and from work. “This is further evidence that L.A.’s housing crisis is dire, and provides more reasons for business, civic, and community groups to work together to tackle this serious problem,” said Erin Rank, President and CEO of Habitat for Humanity of Greater Los Angeles. While the negative impact of high housing costs on lower and middle-income families has been long studied, this report is one of the first to look at housing costs from an employer perspective. “This report should be seen as a call to action,” said Ann Sewill, Vice President, Housing and Economic Opportunity, of California Community Foundation. “We need to do all that we can to increase people’s access to affordable housing by incentivizing new affordable housing and preserving existing stock.” The Los Angeles Business Council and USC conducted the study in partnership with JPMorgan Chase, California Community Foundation, Enterprise Community Partners, Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and Habitat for Humanity. The report is a follow-up to LABC’s influential Los Angeles Employer Assisted Housing Handbook released in 2009. About the LABC Institute The LABC Institute is a forward-thinking research and education organization dedicated to strengthening the sustainable economy of California, particularly the Southern California region. Founded in 2010, the LABC Institute provides a bridge between the business, government, environmental, labor and nonprofit communities of Southern California to develop policies and programs that promote investment, jobs and business development. We are the research and education arm of the Los Angeles Business Council, one of the most respected business advocacy organizations in Southern California. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Airman Receives Silver Star for Role in Liberating Afghan City Next PostNext Vocal Unity International Summit is the First of It’s Kind Search Recent Posts Battle Mountain Gold Consolidates 100% Interest in the Lewis Gold Project Global Commercial Chrome Mixer Taps Market 2017 Regional Outlook, Analysis, Size, Share, Forecast -2022 Global Computer Cases Market 2017 Regional Outlook, Analysis, Size, Share, Forecast -2022 Global Commercial Electric Fryer Market 2017 Regional Outlook, Analysis, Size, Share, Forecast -2022 Global Contemporary Auditorium Armchair Market 2017 Regional Outlook, Analysis, Size, Share, Forecast -2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Opinion BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Fed officials haven't stopped holding private meetings even after a criminal probe into leaks Pedro Nicolaci da Costa Apr. 11, 2017, 5:37 PM 2,911 facebook linkedin twitter email print Brendan McDermid/Reuters On March 23, Federal Reserve vice chair Stanley Fischer was the keynote speaker at a Brookings Institution dinner in Washington, DC. There, he gave prepared remarks on regulatory policy and the Fed's response to the financial crisis and took questions from the audience on the highly market-sensitive topic of interest rate policy. Federal Reserve officials give speeches all the time. What makes this one notable is that it was closed to the public, Fischer's prepared comments have not been made available, and that the speech took place at all was not widely known. And, it came just days before another Fed official — Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker abruptly resigned after admitting that he played a role in a 2012 leak of market-sensitive details of the central bank's internal deliberation. That leak, which arguably damaged the Fed's credibility, was to a private consultant which then shared the details with clients who stood to net millions in profits by trading ahead of the release of news.  As Lacker's resignation shows, it's a scandal that continues to haunt the Fed. It doesn't, however, seem to have discouraged the central bank from letting officials speak in private settings where only a small group of people can glean insight from their comments.  Fischer's participation and the nature of his comments were described to me by two conference participants. The Federal Reserve declined to comment for this story. "There is always a dinner speaker who is off the record and reporters are not ever invited," said Brookings Institution spokesperson DJ Norquist of the conference, which is an annual event.  Market-moving events I don't know exactly what Fischer said, in part because the Fed hasn't put his comments up on its website like it does with other speeches. The Fed's website typically lists public comments.Federal Reserve But Fed actions are some of the most market-moving events in the world. Small pronouncements from a single official, especially one of Fischer's inner-circle status, can have deep consequences in stock, bond, foreign exchange and other markets around the world. For that reason, every small non-public insight a trader or banker can acquire from the Fed has infinite potential value. This means Fed officials should not be speaking in private in the first place, especially since the practice appears to violate the central bank's own code of conduct for participants of the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee. The rules, drafted in response to a Reuters report on a separate leak in 2010, specifically state: To the fullest extent possible, Committee participants will refrain from describing their personal views about monetary policy in any meeting or conversation with any individual, firm, or organization who could profit financially from acquiring that information unless those views have already been expressed in their public communications." Fischer may not have said anything that immediately moved markets. But his very presence and willingness to take questions from financial sector executives and away from the media speaks to the kind of secrecy that the central bank portends to be countering with a transparency push that began under former chairman Ben Bernanke and has continued under Janet Yellen. True, Brookings is a non-profit institution, not a bank. But its donors, the ones that get to attend these type of exclusive-access diners, include Wall Street megabanks. Its board of trustees includes Carlyle Group co-founder David Rubenstein and Glen Hutchins a co-founder of Silver Lake, two of the largest private-equity investors in the world, as well as high-level executives at Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan.  The 2012 leak, to Medley Global Advisors, raised new questions since his letter of resignation indicated he merely confirmed information that was already in Medley's possession, suggesting at least one other leaker. And the Fed's initial response was to paper over the issue with a toothless internal investigation, which was eventually taken over by the FBI and a congressional committee.  But what Fischer's speech last month shows is that the Fed has yet to grapple with the opaque practices that lead to situations like this in the first place. When it comes to speaking in private to money-people, there's just one thing left for Fed officials to do: Just stop. SEE ALSO: I tried to ask Yellen about the Fed leak — and the question echoed for longer than I expected NOW WATCH: The disturbing reason some people turn red when they drink alcohol Loading video... More: Federal Reserve Leaks Wall Street MarketsOpEd facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Fed officials haven't stopped holding private meetings even after a criminal probe into leaks Fed officials haven't stopped holding private meetings even after a criminal probe into leaks On March 23, Federal Reserve vice chair Stanley... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Opinion Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Do Airstrikes Signal New Priorities for Trump? Airstrikes produce some bipartisan support for the president. Will he use it to further a domestic or geopolitical agenda? By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Updated April 8, 2017 12:51 a.m. ET The election of Donald Trump as president of the United States had a major impact on global markets late last year. Oddly, the beginning of the Trump administration’s assertion of American leadership in the world had little effect. The U.S. missile strikes against Syria after Bashar al-Assad attacked rebels and civilians with chemical... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s MacBook Trouble is a Cautionary Tale Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Gold Will Remain in a Bear Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. AT&T, Straight Path: Two Things You Have to Know Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Chevron Stock Seen Reaching $147 Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Trumpless Side of This Stock Market Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Amazon Is On a Roll 2 The Best ETFs for 5% Yields 3 Housing Prices Soar in Millennial Cities Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × World Markets World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Despite geopolitical risks, TD Ameritrade customers display optimism Grace Thong and Nurhanisa Kunhimohamed 21 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters The flight to safety    Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 11:52 PM ET | 02:16 Given geopolitical tension over Syria and North Korea, and uncertainty over the future of the European Union, many investors could be inclined to take a cautious approach. But some are surprisingly optimistic, according to the latest survey by TD Ameritrade. The Investor Movement Index monitors investing behavior, and the takeaway from the March version found that spirits are higher than might be expected. "Our customers are very optimistic," Christopher Brankin, CEO of TD Ameritrade Asia told CNBC's "Street Signs," explaining that his customers are still actively adding net new buys to their accounts. According to Brankin, even though TD Ameritrade customers are optimistic looking ahead to the next three months, they're not sticking their heads in the sand. "Investors and traders alike have two eyes, not one eye, on what's going on around Syria, and what's going on around the Korean Peninsula," he said. And when they're not watching those hot spots, they're looking for the traditional safety plays: gold and bonds. But he said he expected the U.S. earnings season to drive for investor behavior more than anything else, with TD Ameritrade customers joining the rush back into energy. "ExxonMobil is still one of the larger kind of net new buys for our customer base at TD Ameritrade," he said. "Not only expecting potential earnings growth, stock growth and still getting a decent yield." Chesapeake Energy is also a new buy, on a diverse list that includes Snap, Nvidia, and Advanced Micro Devices — even though the latter stock reached a 52-week high in early March. As they picked up those stocks, TD Ameritrade customers dumped shares in companies ranging from heavy machinery to e-commerce. "One of the largest net sold positions that our customer base had last month, was Caterpillar," Brankin said, citing concerns about the move of the company's headquarters to Chicago from Peoria, Illinois. He added that other net new sells included Disney and Alibaba, which hit and neared 52-week highs, respectively. Brankin said TD Ameritrade customers were also looking at getting exposure to some of the big banks, with JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo out with earnings on Thursday. They've also increased activity around XLF, the financial ETF. "You know, I think we could see that next leg higher in the markets, especially around the financials," Brankin said. "A big part of that will set the tone of what we'll see later on in the week." Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change XLF --- AMTD --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Azul, shareholders fetch US$645 million in bigger-than-expected Brazil, US IPO News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Azul, shareholders fetch US$645 million in bigger-than-expected Brazil, US IPO Azul SA and several shareholders raised 2.021 billion reais (US$645 million) in a dual initial public offering in São Paulo and New York on Monday, as soaring investor demand led Brazil's No. 3 airline to boost the size of the deal by almost one-fifth. Posted 11 Apr 2017 08:30 An Azul aircraft prepares for departure at Congonhas airport in Sao Paulo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SAO PAULO: Azul SA and several shareholders raised 2.021 billion reais (US$645 million) in a dual initial public offering in São Paulo and New York on Monday, as soaring investor demand led Brazil's No. 3 airline to boost the size of the deal by almost one-fifth. São Paulo-based Azul priced the equivalent of 72 million preferred shares at 21 reais each, the midpoint of the suggested price range. An additional 13 million shares were sold in the IPO as investors bid over five times the amount of Azul stock on offer, three people familiar with the deal said. Reuters anticipated the 21 real-a-share pricing earlier in the day. The stock starts trading on Tuesday under the symbols "AZUL4" in São Paulo and "AZUL" in New York. Seventy percent of the IPO was placed in New York, with Brazil-based investors keeping the rest, said one of the people, who asked for anonymity. The offer values Azul, which JetBlue Airways Corp founder David Neeleman started almost a decade ago, at a 4 percent premium to larger Brazilian rival Gol Línhas Aéreas Inteligentes SA , the person said. The IPO's success suggests that an April 6 decision by Brazil's securities watchdog to suspend the transaction hours ahead of pricing did little to abate interest in the issue. The watchdog known as CVM said Azul had given some investors information that was not included in the transaction's official documentation. The impasse posed a temporary setback to Azul, which had to call off plans to go public on three previous occasions because of challenging market conditions. The company got clearance from regulators to pursue the IPO on Friday, after pledging to include estimates of projected gains in Azul's investment in TAP Transportes Aéreos Portugueses SA into the official prospectus. Azul's American depositary shares priced at US$20.12, two of the people said. 'UNLOCK VALUE' The IPO also underscores the growing allure of Brazilian airlines among foreign investors as the government eases foreign ownership of carriers and the economy begins to show signs of emerging from a deep recession. Shares could rise up to 30 percent due to its Azul's client loyalty plan and stake in TAP , Eleven Financial Research analysts led by Daniela Bretthauer said in a client note. "Azul has these two 'hidden assets' that could unlock significant value and funds for the company," Bretthauer said. After failed attempts to list in 2013, 2014 and 2015, Azul raised fresh capital through private stake sales in 2015 to United Continental Holdings Inc. , which snapped 5 percent of the company for US$100 million, and China's HNA Group Co Ltd, which bought a 23.7 percent stake for US$450 million. The investment banking units of Citigroup Inc , Deutsche Bank AG and Itaú Unibanco Holding SA are acting as the offering's underwriters. Other banks in the transaction included Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Banco Bradesco BBI SA, Santander Investment Securities, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Raymond James Securities and Banco Safra SA. Proceeds from the IPO should bolster Azul's balance sheet as it gets new jets and adds foreign routes from Brazil, to take on rivals Gol and LATAM Airlines Group's TAM brand. (US$1 = 3.1325 reais) (Additional reporting by Aluísio Alves in São Paulo; editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Cynthia Osterman) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
