Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Leading psychiatrists follow Top-Dog Bankers’ guide to career advancement By:   Bruce E. Levine 20-Mar-17 1197 Top News ‘Identity card holders can enter Pakistan’ 21-Mar-17 319 ISLAMABAD: The National Databa ... ‘Honour killing is ‘brainchild’ of Gen Zia’ 21-Mar-17 248 ISLAMABAD: Honour killing reached South Asia fr ... It should not be surprising that cynicism is increasingly the US national pastime, as we regularly observe top-dog bankers avoiding criminal prosecution for crimes they preside over, and we see prominent professionals-including psychiatrists-gaining career advancement after disgraceful actions. First, a quick review of the recent career arc of Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan. In 2013 alone, JPMorgan paid out nearly $17 billion to settle claims with the federal government against JPMorgan's sale of fraudulent mortgage-backed securities and other illegal practices. After settling with the government, Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan during the time these illegal practices took place, was rewarded by JPMorgan with a 74 percent pay raise, bringing his yearly compensation to $20 million. As U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren put it, "Now, you might think that presiding over activities that resulted in $17 billion in payouts for illegal conduct would hurt your case for a fat pay bump, but according to The New York Times, members of the JPMorgan board of directors thought that Jamie Dimon earned the raise, in part-and I'm quoting here-'by acting as chief negotiator as JPMorgan worked out a string of banner government settlements.' " Banker scoundrels aren't the only big shots whose careers continue to ascend following reprehensible conduct. The following is a career update for some of the members of the "Psychiatry Hall of Shame," including the group excoriated in the 2008 Congressional investigations, and another psychiatrist who conducted studies aimed at inducing psychosis-experiments that appeared to run counter to the Nuremberg Code of research ethics. Before updating psychiatry's prominent national figures, first a prominent local psychiatrist in Cincinnati, where I live. In 2014, Melissa Delbello became Chair of the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Neuroscience at the University of Cincinnati, and earlier this year, she was listed by Cincinnati Magazine as one of Cincinnati's "top psychiatrists." This despite the fact that in 2008, Delbello was rebuked by a U.S. Senator on the Senate Floor following a New York Times exposé about her. In 2008, Delbello was included in a Congressional investigation on psychiatrists violating federal and university regulations in their receipt of large sums of money from drug companies. An appalled U.S. Senator Charles Grassley told Americans how Delbello, in response to a reporter's question about the money that she received from a drug company, had said: "Trust me, I don't make much." Delbello claims that she was misquoted by the New York Times reporter, but not in dispute is the fact that she had failed to accurately report her outside income in 2003 and 2004 from AstraZeneca, the manufacturer of the antipsychotic Seroquel, a drug which Delbello had done research on in 2002. The Times recounted how Delbello, in a 2002 published paper, reported that Seroquel in combination with Depakote is more effective for the treatment of adolescent bipolar mania than Depakote alone; but Delbello later acknowledged that this study-which had become an influential one in dictating prescription practice-was not conclusive. Grassley took to the Senate floor to talk about DelBello, "I am going to report on the actions of one physician to explain how industry payments to medical experts can affect medical practice," and he reported how Seroquel manufacturer AstraZeneca had paid her over $238,000 (far more than she had reported). Concluding his Senate speech about Delbello, Grassley said: "This situation is unfortunate on so many levels. It is unfortunate for the University of Cincinnati that relied on the representations of its faculty; it is unfortunate for patients who once believed that their doctor was not for sale; and it is unfortunate that we are in a day and age where a bill promoting transparency for millions and millions of dollars going from big drug companies to American doctors is necessary." But conflicts of interest in psychiatry remain "ethical" with "proper" disclosure. So, in 2015, Delbello co-authored a study with lead author Holland Detke, an employee and stockholder of the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly, with Delbello herself receiving support from Eli Lilly, and with a disclosure following the article references stating: "This research was funded by Eli Lilly and Co." Published in a professional journal that influences prescribing practices, the study conclusion was that an effective treatment for children age 10 to 17 diagnosed with bipolar disorder was the combined used of the antipsychotic Zyprexa and the antidepressant Prozac, both drugs manufactured by-you guessed it-Eli Lilly. In the 2010 documentary Goldman Sachs: Power and Peril, John C. Whitehead, former Goldman Sachs Chair, asserts, "It's not whether a conflict of interest exists that is important. It's how you deal with it." If you can follow the "Whitehead Guide" and convince yourself that you are so extraordinary that you can transcend a flagrant conflict of interest, then career advancement in banking-and psychiatry-becomes quite easy. Melissa Delbello, currently Chair of the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Cincinnati and a Cincinnati Magazine "top psychiatrist," is small potatoes compared to psychiatrist Joseph Biederman. Biederman is currently at Massachusetts General Hospital for Children, where he is the Chief of Clinical and Research Programs in Pediatric Psychopharmacology and Adult ADHD, with his current bio stating: "Dr. Biederman has also been selected every year since its inception into The Best Doctors in America compilation of the best physicians in the country." In 2009, the New York Times reported the following: "Dr. Biederman-who was director of the Johnson & Johnson Center for Pediatric Psychopathology Research at Massachusetts General Hospital, in Boston-is in the middle of two controversies: one involves the use of antipsychotic drugs in children, and the other relates to conflicts of interest in medicine." In the first controversy/scandal, the Times reported that Biederman, "an influential Harvard child psychiatrist told the drug giant Johnson & Johnson that planned studies of its medicines in children would yield results benefiting the company." Biederman's second controversy/scandal was exposed in the 2008 Congressional investigation of psychiatry. The New York Times reported about Biederman, "He is the world's most prominent advocate of diagnosing bipolar disorder in even the youngest children and of using antipsychotic medicines to treat the disease, but much of his work has been underwritten by drug makers for whom he privately consults . . . . Dr. Biederman earned at least $1.6 million in consulting fees from drug makers from 2000 to 2007 but failed to report all but about $200,000 of this income to university officials." Other big-shot psychiatrists such as Charles Nemeroff and Alan Schatzberg were also nailed by Congress in 2008, but have also more than landed on their feet. Nemeroff, who the New York Times reported earned more than $2.8 million in consulting arrangements with drug makers from 2000 to 2007 and failed to report at least $1.2 million of that income to his university and violated federal research rules; but by 2011, Forbes ran the following article about Nemeroff: "How An Ethically Challenged Researcher Found A Home at the University of Miami, and Nemeroff has remained at the University of Miami where he currently is the Chair of the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, and Director of the University of Miami Center on Aging. And in 2008, Congressional investigators also discovered that then president-elect of the American Psychiatric Association, Alan Schatzberg of Stanford University, had $4.8 million stock holdings in a drug development company; but this did not stop Schatzberg in 2009 from becoming Director of the Stanford Mood Disorders Center. Then there is Jeffrey Lieberman, who in 2013 became president of the American Psychiatric Association. Lieberman, along with several other prominent psychiatrists, was exposed in the Boston Globe by investigative journalist Robert Whitaker in 1998 for conducting experiments on people diagnosed with schizophrenia in the expectation of worsening symptoms. From the 1970s through the early 1990s, influential psychiatrists, including Lieberman, conducted experiments on patients diagnosed with schizophrenia, who were administered psychostimulants with the expectation that these drugs would be "psychotogenic" (induce symptoms of psychosis), and this deterioration in fact occurred. The Nuremberg Code of research ethics, established after the horrific human experiments by doctors in Nazi Germany, states that medical experiments on human subjects "should be so conducted as to avoid all unnecessary physical and mental suffering and injury." However, in 1987, Lieberman conducted a study in which patients previously diagnosed with schizophrenia but who had stabilized were given methylphenidate (Ritalin) until psychotic symptoms reappeared; and in a 1990 study co-authored by Lieberman, the introduction states, "In order to examine the relationship of psychotogenic response to psychostimulants and acute treatment response in treatment-naïve, first-episode psychotic patients, we administered intravenous methylphenidate to first-episode patients." In Whitaker's Boston Globe 1998 series within the segment "Testing Takes Human Toll," he interviewed Lieberman, who acknowledged that induced symptoms are sometimes, in his words, "scary and very unpleasant." Inducing scary and unpleasant symptoms in vulnerable human beings did not prevent Lieberman from becoming president of the American Psychiatric Association from 2013 to 2014, and getting a book deal from Little, Brown. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus COPY CODE SNIPPET sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Crocs Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Crocs Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts TransCanada Co. (TRP) Director Sells C$37,605.75 in Stock Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) SVP Bryan Ingram Sells 9,875 Shares Steven C. Roberts Sells 11,405 Shares of Pra Group Inc (PRAA) Stock Insider Selling: Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) CEO Sells 5,023 Shares of Stock John R. Schimkaitis Sells 2,125 Shares of Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Stock Ensco Plc (ESV) Bonds Trading 1.3% Lower Insider Selling: Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Director Sells 744 Shares of Stock Instructure Inc (INST) EVP Marc T. Maloy Sells 2,000 Shares Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) CFO Sells $396,000.00 in Stock Pandora Media Inc (P) Insider Sells $252,859.46 in Stock Jason Cole Sells 4,930 Shares of bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Stock Insider Selling: CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Insider Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Director Robert L. Evans Sells 5,000 Shares Peter T. Dameris Sells 21,275 Shares of On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Dollar General Corp. (DG) Prologis Inc (PLD) CEO Sells $3,550,400.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) Major Shareholder Sells 30,000 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Lowers Forterra Inc (FRTA) to Sell Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARLZ) Shares Gap Up After Insider Buying Activity Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc (CRBP) Stock Price Up 7.8% on Insider Buying Activity GSA Capital Partners LLP Reduces Stake in Crocs, Inc. (CROX) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet GSA Capital Partners LLP cut its position in Crocs, Inc. (NASDAQ:CROX) by 26.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 73,230 shares of the company’s stock after selling 26,874 shares during the period. GSA Capital Partners LLP owned 0.10% of Crocs worth $502,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Crocs by 13.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,201,352 shares of the company’s stock worth $51,471,000 after buying an additional 758,404 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Crocs by 7.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,137,108 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,638,000 after buying an additional 359,239 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its position in Crocs by 7.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,622,735 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,131,000 after buying an additional 109,721 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its position in Crocs by 19.9% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 1,542,459 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,802,000 after buying an additional 256,055 shares during the period. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in Crocs by 141.5% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 1,390,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,535,000 after buying an additional 814,400 shares during the period. 89.19% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Crocs, Inc. (NASDAQ:CROX) opened at 6.80 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $6.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $7.58. Crocs, Inc. has a 1-year low of $6.26 and a 1-year high of $12.54. The firm’s market cap is $501.09 million. Crocs (NASDAQ:CROX) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($0.58) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.35) by $0.23. Crocs had a negative net margin of 4.35% and a negative return on equity of 10.92%. The business had revenue of $187.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $189.40 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned ($1.01) earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 10.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Crocs, Inc. will post ($0.04) EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of research analysts have recently commented on CROX shares. B. Riley started coverage on shares of Crocs in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $8.00 target price for the company. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $6.00 target price on shares of Crocs in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $7.00 target price on shares of Crocs and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Monness Crespi & Hardt cut shares of Crocs from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Crocs from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $10.58. About Crocs Crocs, Inc is engaged in the design, development, manufacturing, across the world marketing and distribution of casual lifestyle footwear and accessories for men, women and children. The Company’s segments include Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe. The Americas segment consists of the product sales in the North and South America geographic regions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CROX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Crocs, Inc. (NASDAQ:CROX). Receive News & Ratings for Crocs Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Crocs Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Stake Boosted by GSA Capital Partners LLP Next » Janus Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Thu, Mar 16 2017. 05 58 PM IST States on borrowing binge bad news for Narendra Modi and Indian bonds With an ever-rising supply of debt that offers yields higher than sovereign notes, borrowing by states threatens to overshadow that by the Centre Subscribe to our newsletter. Subhadip SircarKartik Goyal Narendra Modi plans to borrow a net Rs4.2 trillion in the coming year. Photo: PTI Mumbai: Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government is finding itself pitted against an unlikely competitor as it pursues bond investors to finance the budget deficit: Indian states. With an ever-rising supply of debt that offers yields higher than sovereign notes, borrowing by state administrations threatens to overshadow that by the federal government, according to Edelweiss Asset Management Ltd and HDFC Standard Life Insurance Co. That complicates matters for Modi, whose promise of fiscal discipline has lured foreigners to local bonds after a four-month hiatus. Increased competition from states is also bad news for the sovereign-debt market, which saw benchmark notes in February post their biggest monthly loss since 2013, after policy makers in Asia’s third-largest economy signalled an end the monetary easing cycle. There is also a growing risk that, unless state deficits are pared, their debt levels could quickly get on to “an explosive path,” JPMorgan Chase & Co. said in a February report. ALSO READ: People’s Bank of China raises borrowing costs in step with Fed “There’s an increasing amount of concern over the states’ bond supply and the time when it will overtake government bond supply is not far away,” said Dhawal Dalal, chief investment officer for debt at Edelweiss Asset. “Concern about the health of the states is also something that worries market participants.” Working together, India’s 29 states combined would form a bloc that has a bigger economy than the whole of sub-Saharan Africa, more members than the European Union, and twice the population of North America. Net borrowing by states will rise 12% to Rs3.8 trillion ($58 billion) in the next financial year, after an estimated 30%-surge to 3.4 trillion in the fiscal year ending this 31 March, according to ICRA Ltd. Modi plans to borrow a net 4.2 trillion rupees in the coming year. “The disproportionate market focus on central finances masks the fact that India’s fiscal centre-of-gravity has rapidly moved from the centre to the states,” Sajjid Chinoy and Toshi Jain, economists at JPMorgan Chase, wrote in the report. Borrowing by states is poised to overtake the centre’s by 2018-19, they said. Financial stress Why are the states borrowing so much? Revenue losses suffered on account of Modi’s shock currency recall in November and higher wages for staff have strained their finances, according to ICRA, the local unit of Moody’s Investors Service. ALSO READ: BJP’s win in assembly polls has implications for bilateral ties: Chinese media “The consolidation of recent years seem to be coming apart,” said Aditi Nayar, principal economist at ICRA in Gurgaon. “Servicing of debt related to the power sector-restructuring” is another factor contributing to the worsening state finances. Borrowing costs reflect the stress. States sold 10-year debt at an average cut-off yield of 7.89% at an auction Tuesday, versus 7.15% at the 10 January sale. Similar-maturity sovereign bonds paid 6.78% in Mumbai Thursday, indicating that the yield spread has widened to more than 100 basis points. The historical mean is 40-50 basis points, according to JPMorgan. That’s an impending challenge for Modi even as he celebrates his party’s resounding victories in just-concluded state elections, including in Uttar Pradesh, India’s largest. While higher yields and the implicit sovereign guarantee are a draw with investors, the securities are hardly a match for government bonds when it comes to liquidity. That’s partly why foreign investors, who were granted access to state debt in late 2015, have largely stayed away from the sector. Investment by global funds stands at Rs14.8 billion, data from the National Securities Depository Ltd show. That’s just seven percent of the Rs210-billion limit available to them. “We buy state bonds only for portfolios where liquidity risk is not a concern, because the yield offered is close to top-rate corporate bond,” said Badrish Kulhalli, Mumbai-based fixed-income manager at HDFC Standard Life. “The extra supply of state bonds means the government bond yield curve will also steepen.”Bloomberg Subhadip SircarKartik Goyal Topics: Sate borrowing Indian bonds Narendra Modi Indian debt sovereign debt market More From Livemint READ MORE ‘Unhappy’ Modi asks BJP MPs to ensure presence in Parliament Airtel hits back at Reliance Jio on speed ad with Ookla backing Media and entertainment industry likely to grow at 14% by 2021: Report First Published: Thu, Mar 16 2017. 05 58 PM IST Editor's Picks Idea, Vodafone sign off on ‘equal’ merger in India India seeks to jump 40 places in World Bank’s Doing Business rankings The Yogi Adityanath development model Latest News ‘Unhappy’ Modi asks BJP MPs to ensure presence in Parliament Airtel hits back at Reliance Jio on speed ad with Ookla backing Media and entertainment industry likely to grow at 14% by 2021: Report 53% of Indian professionals use technology for hiring: Survey Idea Cellular shares extend fall, down nearly 8% on Vodafone deal Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $2,945,000 in First Bancorp (FBP) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of First Bancorp (NYSE:FBP) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 439,550 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,945,000. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in First Bancorp by 45.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,595,165 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,095,000 after buying an additional 1,744,292 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in First Bancorp by 6.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3,832,029 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,927,000 after buying an additional 235,450 shares in the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its position in First Bancorp by 25.5% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 867,363 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,510,000 after buying an additional 176,220 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its position in First Bancorp by 0.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 537,514 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,795,000 after buying an additional 5,047 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its position in First Bancorp by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 25,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 84.24% of the company’s stock. Shares of First Bancorp (NYSE:FBP) opened at 5.98 on Friday. First Bancorp has a 52-week low of $2.52 and a 52-week high of $7.05. The company has a market capitalization of $1.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.91 and a beta of 2.11. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $6.40 and a 200 day moving average of $5.95. First Bancorp (NYSE:FBP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.11 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.09 by $0.02. First Bancorp had a net margin of 14.23% and a return on equity of 5.33%. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.07 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that First Bancorp will post $0.41 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: Several analysts have commented on FBP shares. Citigroup Inc started coverage on shares of First Bancorp in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $7.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of First Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $7.75 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. First Bancorp Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FBP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First Bancorp (NYSE:FBP). Receive News & Ratings for First Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview Oakmark’s Bill Nygren Likes Financials and Techs Oakmark fund’s co-manager likes Citigroup, Franklin Resources, Intel, Amazon, MasterCard, and Google. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography November 29, 2014 The playbook never changes that much for Bill Nygren, co-manager of the Oakmark fund. Emphasizing fundamental research and patience, he looks for undervalued stocks that can overcome their discounts. (The fund’s annual turnover is 19%, versus an average of 61% for Morningstar’s large-cap blend category.) However, Nygren isn’t afraid to make a few tweaks. Following a big upswing in equity prices since the market bottomed in 2009, the Chicago-based manager is finding few attractive companies that sport a single-digit price-earnings multiple. So he has added some growthier names like Google (ticker: GOOGL), which... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Alibaba Could Become The Next Cloud Superstar Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 5 Ways to Invest in Water Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Kill the Border Adjustment Tax Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Are Investors Too Bullish About the Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Down Day for Canada Goose 2 The Fundamentals of Advisory Teaming 3 How to Guarantee Financial Freedom Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Summit Hotel Properties Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Summit Hotel Properties Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Summit Hotel Properties Inc (INN) Shares Sold by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Thrivent Financial for Lutherans reduced its stake in Summit Hotel Properties Inc (NYSE:INN) by 79.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 92,900 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 363,416 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans owned 0.11% of Summit Hotel Properties worth $1,489,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of INN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Summit Hotel Properties by 9.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,573,514 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $20,707,000 after buying an additional 137,587 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Summit Hotel Properties by 0.8% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 1,119,993 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $14,739,000 after buying an additional 9,138 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Summit Hotel Properties by 9.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 6,075,163 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $79,949,000 after buying an additional 541,011 shares during the period. First Trust Advisors LP boosted its position in Summit Hotel Properties by 154.7% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 463,866 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $6,104,000 after buying an additional 281,771 shares during the period. Finally, SECOR Capital Advisors LP bought a new position in Summit Hotel Properties during the third quarter valued at $1,080,000. Institutional investors own 92.76% of the company’s stock. Summit Hotel Properties Inc (NYSE:INN) opened at 15.60 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.46 billion, a PE ratio of 15.60 and a beta of 1.01. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $15.76 and its 200-day moving average is $14.61. Summit Hotel Properties Inc has a 12 month low of $10.99 and a 12 month high of $16.40. Summit Hotel Properties (NYSE:INN) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.30 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.27. Summit Hotel Properties had a return on equity of 19.64% and a net margin of 38.34%. The business earned $110.33 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $110.08 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.27 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Summit Hotel Properties Inc will post $0.68 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, February 28th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 14th were paid a dividend of $0.1625 per share. This represents a $0.65 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, February 10th. Summit Hotel Properties’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 34.57%. Your IP Address: INN has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Summit Hotel Properties from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Cantor Fitzgerald restated a “buy” rating on shares of Summit Hotel Properties in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and issued a $17.00 price objective (up from $15.00) on shares of Summit Hotel Properties in a research report on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Summit Hotel Properties from an “underperform” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Summit Hotel Properties has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $16.88. Summit Hotel Properties Company Profile Summit Hotel Properties, Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is focused primarily on owning premium-branded, select-service hotels in the Upscale segment of the United States lodging industry. The Company’s portfolio consists of 81 hotels with over 10,957 guestrooms located in 23 states. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Summit Hotel Properties Inc (NYSE:INN). Receive News & Ratings for Summit Hotel Properties Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Summit Hotel Properties Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends 7 Inflation-Resistant High-Payout Stocks As inflation edges up, income investors should be aware of its effect on valuations. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography Updated March 18, 2017 1:22 a.m. ET For income investors, including those holding dividend-paying stocks, inflation can be a threat. That hasn’t been the case in recent years in the U.S., which has seen muted inflation, but it’s increasing. As of February, the consumer price index had risen 2.7% in the preceding 12 months, its fastest pace in five years. “We just haven’t... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Alibaba Could Become The Next Cloud Superstar Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 5 Ways to Invest in Water Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Kill the Border Adjustment Tax Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Are Investors Too Bullish About the Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Down Day for Canada Goose 2 The Fundamentals of Advisory Teaming 3 How to Guarantee Financial Freedom Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Perpetual Energy Inc. (PMT) Price Target Cut to C$2.00 Schneider Electric Unspon (SBGSY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Citigroup Inc Norsk Hydro ASA (NHYDY) Upgraded at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research UPM-Kymmene Co. (UPMKY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Strong-Buy Sanford C. Bernstein Initiates Coverage on Kellogg Company (K) Salzgitter AG (SZG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €193.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) to Release Earnings on Thursday Guardian Capital Group Ltd. (GCG.A) Given New C$28.00 Price Target at Scotiabank Cormark Comments on Bellatrix Exploration Ltd’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BXE) B2Gold Corp. (BTO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts Brokerages Set TASER International, Inc. (TASR) Target Price at $29.20 Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Tegna Inc (TGNA) Receives $27.88 Average Target Price from Analysts Alterra Power Corp’s (AXY) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Asanko Gold Inc (AKG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Inditex SA (ITX) PT Set at €35.00 by Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €36.00 Price Target for Inditex SA (ITX) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) a €87.00 Price Target United Bank Takes Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet United Bank purchased a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor purchased 37,714 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $3,254,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. comprises approximately 3.3% of United Bank’s portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. CT Mason bought a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the third quarter valued at $400,000. LVM Capital Management Ltd. MI bought a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the third quarter valued at $269,000. Cullinan Associates Inc. increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 0.9% in the third quarter. Cullinan Associates Inc. now owns 163,664 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $10,898,000 after buying an additional 1,493 shares during the last quarter. Beacon Financial Group increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 30.8% in the third quarter. Beacon Financial Group now owns 4,678 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $307,000 after buying an additional 1,101 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Evercore Wealth Management LLC increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 2.7% in the second quarter. Evercore Wealth Management LLC now owns 87,980 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,467,000 after buying an additional 2,322 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 90.68 on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52 week low of $57.05 and a 52 week high of $93.98. The company has a market cap of $322.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.65 and a beta of 1.49. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $89.56 and its 200 day moving average price is $79.20. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last announced its earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company had revenue of $24.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.48 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.68 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.55 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: Several equities research analysts recently commented on JPM shares. Zacks Investment Research cut JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG increased their price objective on JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $99.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Instinet increased their price objective on JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $82.00 to $83.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and sixteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.53. In related news, Director Daniel E. Pinto sold 40,433 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.15, for a total transaction of $3,402,436.95. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 246,591 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $20,750,632.65. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 21,532 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total value of $1,801,582.44. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 86,338 shares in the company, valued at $7,223,900.46. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 202,699 shares of company stock worth $17,009,515 over the last ninety days. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment serves consumers and businesses through personal service at bank branches and through automatic teller machines, online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing TJX Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Takes Position in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Assenagon Asset Management S.A. acquired a new position in shares of TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund acquired 481,010 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock, valued at approximately $36,138,000. TJX Companies makes up about 0.7% of Assenagon Asset Management S.A.’s portfolio, making the stock its 7th largest position. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. owned about 0.07% of TJX Companies at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new position in TJX Companies during the fourth quarter worth $227,702,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in TJX Companies by 28.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,526,285 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $1,011,496,000 after buying an additional 2,996,299 shares during the last quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP bought a new position in TJX Companies during the third quarter worth $202,524,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new position in TJX Companies during the third quarter worth $192,116,000. Finally, Viking Global Investors LP bought a new position in TJX Companies during the fourth quarter worth $98,564,000. 87.65% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX) opened at 79.22 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $77.22 and its 200-day moving average price is $76.05. TJX Companies Inc has a 52 week low of $71.50 and a 52 week high of $83.64. The stock has a market capitalization of $52.08 billion, a PE ratio of 22.90 and a beta of 0.70. TJX Companies (NYSE:TJX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The apparel and home fashions retailer reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.00 by $0.03. TJX Companies had a return on equity of 53.12% and a net margin of 7.00%. The firm earned $9.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.45 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.99 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that TJX Companies Inc will post $3.91 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on TJX shares. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised TJX Companies from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and set a $97.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research cut TJX Companies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Cowen and Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $87.00 price objective on shares of TJX Companies in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $77.00 price objective on shares of TJX Companies in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 price target on shares of TJX Companies in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. TJX Companies currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $84.84. In other TJX Companies news, EVP Michael Macmillan sold 21,180 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.50, for a total transaction of $1,662,630.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 148,820 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $11,682,370. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.30% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. TJX Companies Company Profile The TJX Companies, Inc (TJX) is an off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the United States and across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Canada and TJX International. T.J. Maxx and Marshalls chains in the United States are collectively the off-price retailer in the United States with a total of approximately 2,163 stores. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TJX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX). Receive News & Ratings for TJX Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous 6,438,604 Shares in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Acquired by Norges Bank Next » Inphi Co. (IPHI) Shares Sold by Putnam Investments LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amphenol Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amphenol Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Numeric Investors LLC Has $558,000 Stake in Amphenol Co. (APH) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Numeric Investors LLC increased its position in Amphenol Co. (NYSE:APH) by 38.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 8,300 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,300 shares during the period. Numeric Investors LLC’s holdings in Amphenol were worth $558,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of APH. Capital World Investors increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 15.0% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 24,821,636 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,611,421,000 after buying an additional 3,240,341 shares during the period. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 5.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11,968,382 shares of the company’s stock worth $804,263,000 after buying an additional 610,698 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 3.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,445,094 shares of the company’s stock worth $613,364,000 after buying an additional 283,421 shares during the period. Janus Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 8,333,069 shares of the company’s stock worth $560,026,000 after buying an additional 362,717 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 2.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,329,412 shares of the company’s stock worth $345,985,000 after buying an additional 147,924 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 96.70% of the company’s stock. Shares of Amphenol Co. (NYSE:APH) opened at 71.34 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $21.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.33 and a beta of 0.86. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $69.33 and a 200-day moving average price of $66.91. Amphenol Co. has a one year low of $54.94 and a one year high of $71.98. Amphenol (NYSE:APH) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $0.75 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.72 by $0.03. The company earned $1.65 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.61 billion. Amphenol had a return on equity of 23.73% and a net margin of 13.09%. Amphenol’s quarterly revenue was up 12.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.63 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Amphenol Co. will post $2.91 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 11th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 20th will be given a dividend of $0.16 per share. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.90%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 16th. Amphenol’s payout ratio is 24.52%. Your IP Address: A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on APH shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Amphenol from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their target price on Amphenol from $69.00 to $71.00 and gave the stock a “top pick” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 target price on shares of Amphenol in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Amphenol currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $76.00. Amphenol Company Profile Amphenol Corporation (Amphenol) is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors, interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products, and coaxial and specialty cable. The Company operates through two segments: Interconnect Products and Assemblies, and Cable Products and Solutions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Amphenol Co. (NYSE:APH). Receive News & Ratings for Amphenol Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amphenol Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan Out With Top Ranked Tech Networking/Hardware Stocks to Buy By Lee Jackson March 16, 2017 8:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet Two sub-sectors of technology that have performed very well recently are the networking equipment and information technology hardware arenas, and with good reason. After solid fourth-quarter reports, a ton of focus remains on cloud storage and computing and on mergers and acquisitions deals. Bottom line, investors have moved more capital toward the top stocks. In a new research report, JPMorgan makes the case that while some of the optical names underperformed, they are expected to recover, as a real slowdown in the silo is very unlikely. The firm also has ranked its top picks in the networking/hardware areas, and while there is only one change in the top five, all look like solid buys now for more aggressive accounts. All are rated Overweight and here ranked from 1 to 5. Viavi Solutions This smaller capitalization company remains in the number one slot and has solid upside potential. Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ: VIAV) is a global provider of network test, monitoring and assurance solutions to communications service providers, enterprises and their ecosystems, supported by a worldwide channel community including Viavi Velocity Solution Partners. The company delivers end-to-end visibility across physical, virtual and hybrid networks, enabling customers to optimize connectivity, quality of experience and profitability. Viavi is also a leader in high-performance thin film optical coatings, providing light management solutions to anti-counterfeiting, consumer electronics, automotive, defense and instrumentation markets. The analysts noted in their report: We continue to see material upside to Viavi’s earnings from 3D sensing in the new iPhone as well as ongoing restructuring. We also believe accretive consolidation deals are a possibility. The JPMorgan price target for the stock is $11, and the Wall Street consensus target is $10.56. The shares closed Wednesday at $9.90. Juniper Networks This solid technology stock has been on a long roller-coaster ride for investors over the past two years. Juniper Networks Inc. (NYSE: JNPR) is a provider of high-performance network infrastructure to service providers and enterprises. Key products include IP-based routers for service provider core and edge networks, security solutions and high-end enterprise routing equipment. Juniper’s products support converged data, voice, video and wireless applications across extended networks. The company reported strong fourth-quarter numbers but guidance was below expectations on gross margin pressures and higher operating expenses. Top analysts feel that new switches and routers should ramp up on cloud demand while other businesses like telecom and security stabilize. Shareholders are paid a 1.41% dividend. JPMorgan has a $32 price target, and the consensus price objective is $28.43. The shares closed most recently at $28.30. Pages: 1/2 « Facebook Native Videos Generate 1,000% Higher Share Rate Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Biogen, Goldcorp, GoPro, Oracle, Sirius XM, Tyson Foods, Ciena and More » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Ciena Corp (NASDAQ:CIEN), Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE:JNPR) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Richest Countries in the World America's Fastest Growing Beer Brands America's Six-Figure Jobs The Most (and Least) Dependable Car Brands Beers Americans No Longer Drink Recent Monday’s Biggest Winner and Loser in the S&P500 Target, Penney’s Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Apple, Disney Lead DJIA Higher Monday Why Yelp Shares Remain a Bargain Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140 -- What's Next? The Qualcomm Merger Does Not Make NXP Semiconductors a Buy Anymore April platinum slides 1.14% to $961.30 an ounce May copper down 1.3% to $2.63 a pound Tesoro Logistics started at buy with $62 stock price target at SunTrust RH Twitter Bot Scandal Puts Further Pressure On CEO Jack Dorsey Top Research Reports for Merck, GE and Others Novartis (NVS) Announces Positive Data on Heart Failure Drug Asian shares at 21-month highs, dollar soft on Fed views Wal-Mart to launch investment arm in e-commerce push Hyundai Motor shares hit 22-month high on restructuring hope China Shares Edge Up Account Openings Decline at Wells Fargo Japan's Nikkei Falls to 1-1/2-Week Low as Softbank Slides Lawsuit Accuses Ivanka Trump Company Of Unfairly Profiting From White House Neil Gorsuch Allegedly Said Women Abuse Maternity Leave. That's A Big Problem. Stephen Hawking Teaches Piers Morgan A Valuable Lesson In Gender Equality Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Silgan Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Silgan Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2,339,000 Position in Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet New York State Teachers Retirement System continued to hold its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 45,700 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System owned about 0.08% of Silgan Holdings worth $2,339,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 9.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 6,889,466 shares of the company’s stock valued at $352,602,000 after buying an additional 582,820 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 0.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,893,366 shares of the company’s stock valued at $298,145,000 after buying an additional 53,213 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 5.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,548,167 shares of the company’s stock valued at $78,322,000 after buying an additional 74,205 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 16.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,277,256 shares of the company’s stock valued at $64,616,000 after buying an additional 182,496 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 0.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,229,062 shares of the company’s stock valued at $62,178,000 after buying an additional 4,189 shares in the last quarter. 74.27% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Silgan Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN) opened at 61.20 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $3.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.00 and a beta of 0.57. The company’s 50 day moving average is $60.02 and its 200 day moving average is $53.17. Silgan Holdings Inc. has a 12-month low of $47.16 and a 12-month high of $61.38. Silgan Holdings (NASDAQ:SLGN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.48 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.48 by $0.00. The firm earned $805.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $814.52 million. Silgan Holdings had a net margin of 4.25% and a return on equity of 25.75%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 2.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.48 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Silgan Holdings Inc. will post $3.23 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 16th will be given a $0.18 dividend. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.18%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, March 14th. This is a boost from Silgan Holdings’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. Silgan Holdings’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 26.67%. Your IP Address: SLGN has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Silgan Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. BMO Capital Markets upgraded shares of Silgan Holdings from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $65.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Silgan Holdings from an “underperform” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Barclays PLC lifted their target price on shares of Silgan Holdings from $54.00 to $55.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $54.71. Silgan Holdings Company Profile Silgan Holdings Inc (Silgan) is a manufacturer of rigid packaging for shelf-stable food and other consumer goods products. The Company operates through three segments: metal container, closures and plastic container. The Company’s products include steel and aluminum containers for human and pet food and general line products; metal, composite and plastic closures for food and beverage products, and custom designed plastic containers and closures for personal care, food, healthcare, pharmaceutical, household and industrial chemical, pet care, agricultural, automotive and marine chemical products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SLGN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Silgan Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN). Receive News & Ratings for Silgan Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Silgan Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cantab Capital Partners LLP Has $331,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Next » U.S. Bancorp (USB) Stake Raised by Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Electronics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research New York State Teachers Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New York State Teachers Retirement System held its stake in Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 35,890 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System owned approximately 0.25% of Universal Electronics worth $2,317,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 8.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 992,691 shares of the company’s stock worth $73,916,000 after buying an additional 73,391 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 108.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,420 shares of the company’s stock worth $999,000 after buying an additional 6,985 shares during the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 20.7% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 21,129 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,573,000 after buying an additional 3,625 shares during the last quarter. KBC Group NV increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 39.7% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 12,844 shares of the company’s stock worth $956,000 after buying an additional 3,652 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Smith Asset Management Group LP increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 1.8% in the third quarter. Smith Asset Management Group LP now owns 2,213 shares of the company’s stock worth $165,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 90.71% of the company’s stock. Shares of Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC) opened at 68.05 on Friday. Universal Electronics Inc has a 52-week low of $52.90 and a 52-week high of $80.42. The company has a market cap of $979.24 million, a P/E ratio of 49.31 and a beta of 1.78. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $65.76 and a 200-day moving average price of $68.29. Universal Electronics (NASDAQ:UEIC) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.70 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.70. Universal Electronics had a return on equity of 16.85% and a net margin of 4.05%. The firm earned $160.10 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $164.41 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.91 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Universal Electronics Inc will post $3.63 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of research firms recently weighed in on UEIC. TheStreet downgraded Universal Electronics from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Universal Electronics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Lake Street Capital dropped their target price on Universal Electronics from $78.00 to $71.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, Universal Electronics presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $75.38. Universal Electronics Company Profile Universal Electronics Inc (UEI) develops control and sensor technology solutions and manufactures a line of pre-programmed and universal remote control products, audio-video (AV) accessories, and intelligent wireless security and automation components. The Company’s offerings include pre-programmed universal infrared (IR) and radio frequency (RF) remote controls that are sold primarily to subscription broadcasting providers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), retailers, and private label customers, and integrated circuits, on which its software and universal device control database is embedded, sold primarily to OEMs, subscription broadcasting providers, and private label customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UEIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC). Receive News & Ratings for Universal Electronics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cray Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cray Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Public Sector Pension Investment Board Maintains Position in Cray Inc. (CRAY) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Public Sector Pension Investment Board maintained its stake in shares of Cray Inc. (NASDAQ:CRAY) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 28,700 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Public Sector Pension Investment Board owned 0.07% of Cray worth $594,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Cray by 84.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 988,992 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,281,000 after buying an additional 453,089 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Cray by 206,026.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 441,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,383,000 after buying an additional 440,896 shares during the last quarter. Capital Research Global Investors increased its position in Cray by 7.3% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 4,272,068 shares of the company’s stock worth $100,564,000 after buying an additional 289,081 shares during the last quarter. Mairs & Power INC increased its position in Cray by 7.8% in the third quarter. Mairs & Power INC now owns 3,081,521 shares of the company’s stock worth $72,539,000 after buying an additional 223,585 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in Cray by 27.1% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 967,099 shares of the company’s stock worth $22,766,000 after buying an additional 205,918 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 86.32% of the company’s stock. Cray Inc. (NASDAQ:CRAY) opened at 20.80 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $831.73 million, a P/E ratio of 80.00 and a beta of 1.25. Cray Inc. has a 12-month low of $16.10 and a 12-month high of $43.40. The company has a 50 day moving average of $19.82 and a 200-day moving average of $20.59. Cray (NASDAQ:CRAY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $1.38 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.24 by $0.14. The business earned $346.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $346.79 million. Cray had a net margin of 1.69% and a return on equity of 2.64%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 29.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.79 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Cray Inc. will post ($0.14) earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. TheStreet raised shares of Cray from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Cray from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $25.00 price objective on shares of Cray in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $35.67. About Cray Cray Inc is engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing the high performance computing (HPC) market, primarily categories of systems known as supercomputers. The Company’s segments include Supercomputing, Storage and Data Management, Maintenance and Support, and Engineering Services and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CRAY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cray Inc. (NASDAQ:CRAY). Receive News & Ratings for Cray Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cray Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Q2 Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Q2 Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $2,952,000 in Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Q2 Holdings Inc (NYSE:QTWO) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 101,443 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,952,000. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 85.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,258,617 shares of the company’s stock valued at $93,392,000 after buying an additional 1,497,182 shares during the period. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 50.7% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 41,896 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,201,000 after buying an additional 14,086 shares during the period. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 4.8% in the third quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC now owns 2,170,256 shares of the company’s stock valued at $62,200,000 after buying an additional 99,910 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 8.0% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 262,017 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,342,000 after buying an additional 19,508 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 5.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,969,449 shares of the company’s stock valued at $56,445,000 after buying an additional 102,163 shares during the period. 93.68% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Q2 Holdings Inc (NYSE:QTWO) opened at 36.00 on Friday. Q2 Holdings Inc has a 52 week low of $21.51 and a 52 week high of $37.58. The company’s market cap is $1.46 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $34.15 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.64. Your IP Address: QTWO has been the topic of several recent research reports. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $35.00 price target on shares of Q2 Holdings in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Q2 Holdings in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Craig Hallum set a $45.00 price target on Q2 Holdings and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. BTIG Research reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Q2 Holdings in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Loop Capital initiated coverage on Q2 Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. They set a “buy” rating and a $36.00 target price on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $36.50. In other Q2 Holdings news, major shareholder Adams Street Partners Llc sold 325,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.00, for a total value of $11,375,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director James Offerdahl sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $29.65, for a total value of $29,650.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 9,043 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $268,124.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 461,535 shares of company stock valued at $15,979,969 in the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 38.10% of the company’s stock. Q2 Holdings Company Profile Q2 Holdings, Inc is a provider of secure, cloud-based virtual banking solutions. The Company enables regional and community financial institutions (RCFIs) to deliver a range of virtual banking services. The Company delivers virtual banking solutions across online, mobile, voice and tablet channels. The Company’s solutions are the point of interaction between its RCFI customers and their account holders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding QTWO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Q2 Holdings Inc (NYSE:QTWO). Receive News & Ratings for Q2 Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Q2 Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Roundtable ETF Roundtable: How to Play This Brave New Market Donald Trump’s win doesn’t change the big issues facing investors, say four investment experts. By Beverly Goodman Biography Nov. 19, 2016 1:39 a.m. ET It has been a confounding year for market watchers. For the first time since the financial crisis, a high percentage of actively managed funds are beating the market. Value stocks are beating growth ones. And, of course, the U.S. presidential election resulted in a surprise for most investors, yet the markets have registered no shock. And that throws into question what to expect next. All of this has been reflected in... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Alibaba Could Become The Next Cloud Superstar Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 5 Ways to Invest in Water Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Kill the Border Adjustment Tax Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Are Investors Too Bullish About the Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Down Day for Canada Goose 2 The Fundamentals of Advisory Teaming 3 How to Guarantee Financial Freedom Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Finance Brace for rate hikes this week Dick Smith bosses sued over collapse Pencil cases and pyjamas save Premier How Aldi scans items so fast Australian shares set to open lower Aussie dollar up slightly against US Finance news you need to know today Staff blow the lid on Sydney Airport real estate buying Property investors face three per cent rate hikes March 16, 20172:23pm NSW investors will be hardest hit by any rate rises. Frank Chungnews.com.au@franks_chung Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend PROPERTY investors who rely on rental cashflows to maintain mortgage repayments could soon face interest rate hikes of up to three per cent, according to a new study. JP Morgan’s latest Australian Mortgage Industry Report, based on a survey of 52,000 households by research firm Digital Finance Analytics, warns that higher capital requirements will have a “significant impact” on banks’ pricing of investor loans in the near future. Under new “Basel 4” regulatory requirements, investor loans that are “materially dependent on property cash flows” will see the “most extreme effects”, with banks required to hold up to five times more capital in reserve to protect against potential losses. That “may see repricing of up to 300 basis points”, the report warns. It adds that investors who rely on rental income are “also the most sensitive to rising interest rates” of up to two to three per cent. “Looking at the portfolio through a geographical lens, a lot of the focus on potential risk in the mortgage portfolio has been centred around Western Australia and Queensland due to mining, and Victoria due to potential oversupply of inner-city apartments,” said DFA principal Martin North. “However, the highest sensitivity to rates is actually in New South Wales where house prices are significantly higher, as are borrowing commitments.” It comes as the major banks tighten lending criteria for investor loans to keep growth under 10 per cent, as required by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. “The cynic will say that the repricing of the investor and interest only products is not to price for risk, but rather, to offset higher funding costs to preserve overall mortgage portfolio margins so that banks can continue to compete [via discounting on new loans] in the owner occupied space, where there is greater political focus, and fewer regulatory concerns (i.e. no growth caps),” the report says. It argues much of the impact of the changes will depend on how the banks and the regulator “practically define” the term “materially dependent on property cash flows”. “Perhaps not surprisingly, the Basel Committee hasn’t actually defined what ‘materially dependent on property cash flows for repayment’ actually means,” said JP Morgan banking analyst Scott Manning. “Essentially, the Basel Committee has left it up to APRA to determine how much of the mortgage portfolio will attract this higher risk weight, and therefore what the overall risk weight on the mortgage portfolio is. “In our view, how APRA defines ‘materially dependent on property cash flows’ provides ample scope for the local regulator to ‘reverse engineer’ an overall outcome that could be calibrated to global standards and meet the need to be ‘unquestionably strong’.” DFA’s analysis of 52,000 households concluded that in a “modest” scenario, around 25 per cent of the investor loan portfolio may be captured, making up 10 per cent of all mortgages given investor loans make up 40 per cent. A “median” scenario would capture just over 10 per cent of investors, or 5 per cent of the total portfolio, and a “tight approach” would capture about 5 per cent of investors, or around 2 per cent of the total. But the portfolio approach “doesn’t tell the whole story”. “Parts of the market may be significantly affected, while others will be largely untouched,” the report says. “The scenario of a ‘modest definition’ of taking property costs exceeding 30 per cent of gross income would see 27 per cent of the portfolio captured. However, this would include a staggering 80 per cent of Wealthy Seniors, around 50 per cent of Young Affluent and Stressed Seniors, and around 40 per cent of Young Growing Families and Suburban Mainstream segments.” Mr Manning said what proportion of investor loans were captured by the definition of being “materially dependent on property cash flows” would end up being “critical to the competitive dynamics across the industry in coming years”. “If heightened churn becomes a reality, banks like CommBank and Westpac with the largest, oldest back books will have the most to lose,” he said. “ANZ on the other hand, is best placed to take advantage of these changes, given its current low growth rates and the highest amount of capital deploy.” frank.chung@news.com.au Boring Is Beautiful for Investing0:39 Stick to legendary investor Warren Buffett's advice: Keep your portfolio cheap and simple. March 4th 2017 18 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/Business/Markets/ Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top Right now in finance 1935Readers Donald Trump FBI investigation: Could hacker bring down Pres... 1145Readers Financial hardship: Westpac, CBA, NAB, ANZ departments can h... 139Readers Commonwealth Bank, ANZ interest rate rise only a matter of t... 134Readers Trump Russia investigation: James Comey, Mike Rogers to test... 121Readers Aldi checkout: How staff scan items so fast finance breaking news 18:05Empire Resources funds Penny's Find 18:05SECOS' Australian unit profitable 18:05Genesis Minerals resumes mining at Ulysses 15:28RBA warns of rising risk in housing market 16:02Qantas CEO defends right to talk marriage A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
  Markets Pre-Market Market Movers Dow Jones Live Currencies Live Commodities Live Rates Your Portfolio Stocks Stocks Finder Market Movers Index Constituents Dividends Indices Market Movers Index Constituents Dow Jones Live S&P 500 Live NASDAQ Live Commodities News Commodities Live Gold Oil Copper Currencies News Currencies Live Currency Converter EUR/USD GBP/USD Bitcoin US Dollar Index Mutual Funds News Mutual Funds Finder Mutual Funds Issuers ETFs News ETF Finder ETF Issuers Bonds News Bonds Finder Rates News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL DOW 30 51.74 20,957.60     (0.25%) Pre-market 04:19:32 AM EDT S&P 500 6.04 2,379.51     (0.25%) Pre-market 04:19:34 AM EDT NASDAQ 100 17.35 5,430.66     (0.32%) Pre-market 04:19:26 AM EDT ESTOXX 50 -2.61 3,449.43     (-0.08%) 04:19:26 AM EDT DOW 30 51.74 20,957.60     (0.25%) Pre-market 04:19:32 AM EDT S&P 500 6.04 2,379.51     (0.25%) Pre-market 04:19:34 AM EDT NASDAQ 100 17.35 5,430.66     (0.32%) Pre-market 04:19:26 AM EDT ESTOXX 50 -2.61 3,449.43     (-0.08%) 04:19:26 AM EDT The world’s biggest investors are freaking out about 2 things right now Greg Hoffman Mar. 15, 2017, 11:45 AM JPMorgan just published highlights from its Global Markets Conference in Paris. The results from its client survey conducted on the opening day of the conference show big time investors are still bullish on equity markets but view the upcoming European elections and the unpredictable presidency of Donald Trump as major market risks. Together those two risks account for about 80% of responses.  The three major European elections are in The Netherlands (March 15), France (first round on April 23), and Germany (September 24). Much of the focus was on French election fears surrounding far right-wing candidate Marine Le Pen. While only 22% of investors think that Le Pen will win, it's important to remember that investors also did not expect Donald Trump to win the US election or for the UK to vote to leave the European Union. JPMorgan notes, rising populism and nationalism have investors on edge (emphasis ours): Recent electoral outcomes have centered around fears about the economic future, and voter demographics supporting the nationalist movements have been similar for the Brexit vote, U.S. and French elections, with noncollege-educated segments of the population favoring nationalist candidates. The classical divide between the right and left is now less relevant. The big divide is on globalization, between the winners and losers. Additionally, investors "overwhelmingly" prefer stocks over bonds and in particular, developing market equities, followed by emerging market equities, which investors feel have more room to run than domestic stocks.  On global growth:  "Expectations for higher growth remain muted with only 17% indicating that the global economy could grow by more than 3%, compared with 34% indicating 2.75% to 3.0% growth, 27% indicating 2.5% to 2.75% growth and 19% indicating 2.25 to 2.5% growth." On the domestic front: "45% of those surveyed expect the S&P 500 to end the year at 2,500 or higher, while 38% expect the S&P 500 to end the year in the current 2,300 to 2,500 range. Only 17% expect a U.S. equity market correction and only 7% believe that the correction would be significantly below 2,100." SHARE THIS POST your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Categories Equity Money Market Mixed Assets Commodity Bonds News News on Mutual Funds All News Home / News / Stock News / The world’s biggest investors are freaking out about 2 things right now Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor How Profit Accelerators Grew John Carter’s Account by 98% in 2 months Home | Street Talk Tags: bank | bargain | invest | western alliance A US Bank That's Still A Bargain? Western Alliance (DPC) By Gillian Tan, Bloomberg Gadfly   |   Saturday, 18 Mar 2017 10:51 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Is there any value left in U.S. bank stocks?  The nation's biggest lenders -- JPMorgan Chase & Co., Wells Fargo & Co., Bank of America Corp. -- are basically priced to perfection. So too are large regional banks such as US Bancorp and PNC Financial Services Group Inc. as well as investment banks like Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Think a little smaller, though, and growth-focused lenders with value potential do exist -- like Western Alliance Bancorp. The Phoenix-based bank already surged 34 percent since Nov. 8 in the post-election rally, and analysts reckon it could gain another 12 percent over the next year. There are plenty of reasons for their optimism. With some $17 billion in assets, Western Alliance operates in Arizona, California and Nevada -- specifically in areas with population growth and household income that's slated to be higher than the national average: The bank's focus on providing commercial loans to industries such as hospitality, non-profits, life sciences, health care and technology is paying off. Loan growth was 18.6 percent in 2016 and roughly 20 percent on a compounded annual basis since 2005. It's also particularly sensitive to rising rates: a 100 basis-point increase (we're currently half the way there) is expected to bump its net interest income roughly 6 percent higher.  There's another way Western Alliance can grow: The bank is primed to make an acquisition, in part because it hasn't been spending capital on dividends or share buybacks. Its rich valuation -- at a price-to-tangible-book-value multiple of 3.4 -- gives it one of the strongest currencies with which to pounce.  Rivals with footprints in California, Colorado or the Pacific Northwest make geographic sense. But Western Alliance Bancorp should only settle for targets that add to both earnings and profitability, according to Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP's Brad Milsaps. As it is, few banks can match Western Alliance's 2016 performance: return on tangible common equity of 18 percent, return on equity of 15 percent and return on assets of 1.6 percent.  Potential targets include CU Bancorp Inc., Heritage Commerce Corp. and CoBiz Financial Inc., and it would be a "coup" for Western Alliance to snap up any of these "marquee" lenders, Sandler O'Neill & Partners' Tim O'Brien told Gadfly. Purchases of larger banks like CVB Financial Corp. and Westamerica Bancorporation may also be a fit.  An order published Thursday by the Federal Reserve is set to make regional-bank dealmaking more appealing. The Fed said that acquisitions of less than $10 billion of assets or transactions that create lenders with less than $100 billion in assets do "not raise material financial stability concerns." That's an increase from $2 billion and $25 billion, respectively, and gives lenders scope to make bigger transaction without raising regulatory red flags.  Potential buyers should still be aware of the $50 billion threshold that classifies a bank as a systemically important financial institution, or SIFI. That can only be tweaked by Congress. Even with any near-term purchase, Western Alliance has a long runway before it bumps up against that limit. And without a deal? It's compelling, too.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. Gillian Tan is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and private equity. She previously was a reporter for the Wall Street Journal. She is a qualified chartered accountant. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Is there any value left in U.S. bank stocks? The nation's biggest lenders -- JPMorgan Chase & Co., Wells Fargo & Co., Bank of America Corp. -- are basically priced to perfection. bank, bargain, invest, western alliance 554 Saturday, 18 Mar 2017 10:51 AM 2017-51-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: CBO's Estimates Misjudge Benefits of Tax Cuts Tuesday, 14 Mar 2017 | 62 comments I think that has been the case since the Clinton impeachment.... How Many Government Agencies Should Trump Eliminate? Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 38 comments Cut the Education and Energy Departments completely.... Kudlow: GOP Must Embrace Bipartisanship to Improve AHCA Wednesday, 15 Mar 2017 | 16 comments The elephant in the room here is the insurance companies, pharma companies... Yale's Stephen Roach: G-20 Meeting Was 'Disappointing' and 'Disturbing' Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 10 comments News that the Normandy invasion was not repelled was probably... Trump to Nominate Goldman Sachs' Donovan as Deputy Treasury Secretary Wednesday, 15 Mar 2017 | 9 comments The only truly bipartisan thing that ever happens in Washington is making... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TJX Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Position Increased by Putnam Investments LLC March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Putnam Investments LLC raised its position in shares of TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX) by 7.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 1,721,347 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock after buying an additional 116,662 shares during the period. Putnam Investments LLC owned about 0.26% of TJX Companies worth $129,325,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of TJX Companies by 3.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 27,025,547 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $2,030,430,000 after buying an additional 949,541 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of TJX Companies by 28.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,526,285 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $1,011,496,000 after buying an additional 2,996,299 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of TJX Companies by 2.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 10,334,613 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $772,822,000 after buying an additional 260,401 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of TJX Companies by 1.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,824,457 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $659,893,000 after buying an additional 139,311 shares during the period. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of TJX Companies by 8.6% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 6,356,495 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $475,338,000 after buying an additional 505,782 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 87.65% of the company’s stock. TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX) opened at 79.22 on Friday. TJX Companies Inc has a 12-month low of $71.50 and a 12-month high of $83.64. The stock has a market cap of $52.08 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.90 and a beta of 0.70. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $77.22 and its 200 day moving average price is $76.05. TJX Companies (NYSE:TJX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The apparel and home fashions retailer reported $1.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.00 by $0.03. TJX Companies had a return on equity of 53.12% and a net margin of 7.00%. The firm had revenue of $9.50 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.45 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.99 earnings per share. TJX Companies’s quarterly revenue was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that TJX Companies Inc will post $3.91 EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on TJX shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered TJX Companies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Wedbush reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $85.00 target price on shares of TJX Companies in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on TJX Companies from $83.00 to $87.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 price objective on shares of TJX Companies in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded TJX Companies from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and set a $97.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $84.84. In related news, EVP Michael Macmillan sold 21,180 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.50, for a total transaction of $1,662,630.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 148,820 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $11,682,370. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.30% of the company’s stock. TJX Companies Company Profile The TJX Companies, Inc (TJX) is an off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the United States and across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Canada and TJX International. T.J. Maxx and Marshalls chains in the United States are collectively the off-price retailer in the United States with a total of approximately 2,163 stores. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TJX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX). Receive News & Ratings for TJX Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Movado Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Movado Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research AQR Capital Management LLC Has $6,586,000 Stake in Movado Group, Inc (MOV) March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AQR Capital Management LLC reduced its stake in Movado Group, Inc (NYSE:MOV) by 5.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 229,087 shares of the company’s stock after selling 12,330 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC owned about 1.00% of Movado Group worth $6,586,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Citadel Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Movado Group by 469.6% in the third quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC now owns 107,068 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,300,000 after buying an additional 88,271 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Movado Group by 3.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 640,271 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,752,000 after buying an additional 19,142 shares during the period. SG Americas Securities LLC raised its position in shares of Movado Group by 58.3% in the third quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 11,275 shares of the company’s stock worth $242,000 after buying an additional 4,154 shares during the period. Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Movado Group by 730.9% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 15,388 shares of the company’s stock worth $331,000 after buying an additional 13,536 shares during the period. Finally, Contrarius Investment Management Ltd raised its position in shares of Movado Group by 7.6% in the third quarter. Contrarius Investment Management Ltd now owns 175,609 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,772,000 after buying an additional 12,458 shares during the period. 63.35% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Movado Group, Inc (NYSE:MOV) opened at 23.60 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $541.20 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.51 and a beta of 0.47. Movado Group, Inc has a 12 month low of $19.14 and a 12 month high of $31.95. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $24.83 and its 200-day moving average is $25.02. Your IP Address: A number of brokerages have recently commented on MOV. Sidoti raised shares of Movado Group from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $34.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Movado Group from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, TheStreet lowered shares of Movado Group from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $30.67. About Movado Group Movado Group, Inc designs, sources, markets and distributes watches. The Company operates through two segments: Wholesale and Retail. The Wholesale segment includes the design, development, sourcing, marketing and distribution of watches, and after-sales service activities and shipping. It sells all of its brands to jewelry store chains, department stores and independent jewelers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MOV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Movado Group, Inc (NYSE:MOV). Receive News & Ratings for Movado Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Movado Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Advanced Energy Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Advanced Energy Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research State Street Corp Acquires 41,776 Shares of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:AEIS) by 4.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 919,386 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 41,776 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Advanced Energy Industries were worth $50,332,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in AEIS. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Advanced Energy Industries by 7.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,745,285 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,907,000 after buying an additional 186,358 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in shares of Advanced Energy Industries by 3.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,014,603 shares of the company’s stock worth $48,011,000 after buying an additional 33,946 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Advanced Energy Industries by 0.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 814,995 shares of the company’s stock worth $38,565,000 after buying an additional 3,243 shares in the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Advanced Energy Industries by 13.6% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 585,193 shares of the company’s stock worth $27,691,000 after buying an additional 69,930 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Advanced Energy Industries by 0.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 434,772 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,574,000 after buying an additional 2,735 shares in the last quarter. 94.15% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:AEIS) opened at 68.62 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $2.73 billion, a PE ratio of 21.57 and a beta of 1.07. Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. has a 12-month low of $31.76 and a 12-month high of $69.99. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $62.71 and its 200-day moving average is $53.88. Advanced Energy Industries (NASDAQ:AEIS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, January 30th. The company reported $1.06 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.81 by $0.25. The company earned $135.30 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $131.14 million. Advanced Energy Industries had a net margin of 26.35% and a return on equity of 34.94%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 55.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.32 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. will post $3.58 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: AEIS has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Dougherty & Co raised their target price on shares of Advanced Energy Industries from $54.00 to $66.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Needham & Company LLC raised their target price on shares of Advanced Energy Industries from $65.00 to $70.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Advanced Energy Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $64.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $54.67. In other Advanced Energy Industries news, Director Thomas M. Rohrs sold 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.86, for a total value of $219,440.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 1.33% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Advanced Energy Industries Advanced Energy Industries, Inc provides precision power conversion, measurement and control solutions. The Company is engaged in designing, manufacturing, selling and supporting its power conversion products and solutions, used in various applications ranging from manufacturing and industrial processes to instrumentation, and test and measurement. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AEIS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:AEIS). Receive News & Ratings for Advanced Energy Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Advanced Energy Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tuesday, March 21st, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Getting Your Lenten Fish Fix | Where To Go Warrant search reveals crack and cash 10:12 p.m. Mon Several cruisers respond to neighborhood scu... 9:59 p.m. Mon Panel discussion focuses on addiction and th... 9:44 p.m. Mon Just one parent attends community input meet... 8:07 p.m. Mon Youngstown could face a $2.5 million deficit... 7:39 p.m. Mon INTEL HEARING | Comey: FBI probing Trump-Rus... 5:58 p.m. Mon all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home MAHONING COUNTY COURTS | Print Tweet Published: Sat, March 18, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. COURTS MAHONING COUNTY NEW COMPLAINTS U.S. Bank National Association v. Patrick P. Siciliano et al, foreclosure. Ally Financial v. Latisha M. Crum, money. Portfolio Recovery Associates LLC v. Patrick R. Strange, money. Bayview Loan Servicing LLC v. Joseph M. Phillips et al, foreclosure. Stonegate Mortgage Corp. v. Melissa A. Miller et al, foreclosure. Ronald P. Vince v. Babies R Us et al, personal injury. Earlyn Bentfeld v. Kim L. Blankenship et al, breach of contract. Paula J. Blakeman v. Shepherd of the Valley Corporate Office et al, damages. Bank of America NA v. Maxine J. Gordon, other civil. Sandra Kalafut v. M&C Construction LLC, jury demand. Poland Neurological LLC v. Precision Physical Therapy LLC et al, fraud. Mark W. Roth et al v. Delaney M. Lyons et al, other torts. John Luklan v. Stifel Financial Corp. et al, complaint for violation of the employment retirement income security act. William E. Hayward v. Lisa M. Magnuson et al, other torts. Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Alexandra B. Watson et al, money. Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Milan M. Pavlich et al, foreclosure. Ditech Financial LLC v. Jennifer A. Jones et al, foreclosure. Phillip Boyer et al v. Vibra Hospital of Mahoning Valley et al, medical malpractice. DOCKET Marlilyn D. Kiddy Jr. v. John K. Painter et al, settled and dismissed. Sanford Kulkin v. GLG Industries LLC, order of magistrate. Toni Perl v. Melinda Macovitz et al, order of magistrate. Talmer Bank and Trust v. Douglas C. Gaiser et al, summary judgment. Progressive Specialty Insurance Co. v. Christopher Santiago, judgment in favor of plaintiff. Daniel R. Yemma v. Real Estate Investment Connections REIC LLC et al, order of magistrate. Daniel R. Yemma v. Betty A. Davis et al, order of magistrate. Ashanta N. Hill v. Astro Shapes LLC et al, order of magistrate. US Bank Trust NA v. Thomas Degnan et al, dismissed. Ciearra Rubbs v. Christina Shuler, dismissed. Benjamin Kendall v. Stephan Lease, dismissed. Mariselys Lopez v. Yolanda Bracetty, dismissed. Shrie Dickerson v. David Hall, dismissed. Naomi P. Hicks v. Vance L. Washington, order of magistrate. Anthony Marchionda v. Diane King, order of magistrate. Mariselys Lopez v. Yolanda Bracetty, order of magistrate. State v. Jordan Eaton, sentenced. State v. Amber Robertson, sentenced. State v. Jaquon M. Rozier, sentenced. State v. Derek V. Tensley, pleads guilty. State v. Seth Robinson, sentenced. State v. Jolleen Boggs, sentenced. State v. Jason M. Jayne, sentenced. State v. Lauren J. Hanlon, sentenced. State v. Shamar L. Gilmore, sentenced. State v. Jason J. Weaver, pleads guilty. State v. Melissa Mills, pleads guilty. State v. Johnathan Rodgers, sentenced. State v. Larry Burgess, pleads guilty. State v. Daren Stevenson, dismissed. State v. Jaquan Rozier, sentenced. State v. Curtis M. Padilla, pleads guilty. State v. Sedric Johnson, pleads guilty. State v. Ricky Williams Jr., dismissed. Flagstar Bank FSB v. Thomas R. Marlowe et al, dismissed. Discover Bank v. Randy A. Durig, order to disburse. JPMorgan Chase Bank National Association v. Christine J. Simone et al, order of magistrate. Ronald D. Winphrie v. Alfred Clarett Jr., dismissed. SKW Prep LLC v. Gregory D. Bauer et al, forfeited. JPMorgan Chase Bank v. Catherine Aczel et al, confirmation of sale and ordering distribution. Hector Ortiz v. Ohio Sports and Spine Institute et al, settled and dismissed. Lynn Wedekind v. David R. Wedekind et al, settled and dismissed. Credit Acceptance Corp. v. Jeff Mayhew, order of distribution. Kassandra Ivinskas v. Ashlea M. Hawryluk et al, order of magistrate. David Weymer v. Robert A. Ciccone et al, order of magistrate. Brandon M. Puskarcik et al v. David L. Marshall, dismissed. SKW Prep LLC v. Carbon Hills Georgia LLC et al, order of magistrate. US Bank National Association v. Nathaneil W. Byrd III et al, order to withdraw sale. LVNV Funding LLC v. Tamara Schulte, order of magistrate. Ohio Edison v. Brittany Jackson, default judgment in favor of plaintiff. Home S&L Co. of Youngstown Ohio v. Laura M. Szorady et al, foreclosure. Daniel R. Yemma v. Ronald Haus et al, foreclosure. John J. Thomas et al v. Philip C. Andrews, order of magistrate. Geraldine Porter v. Diane B. Gittlin et al, order of magistrate. Fifth Third Mortgage Co. v. Mark R. King, order of magistrate. Daniel R. Yemma v. Linda Dixon et al, foreclosure. Heather Ruthrauff et al v. Dawn Fender et al, order of magistrate. Catalina Izquierdo v. Hampton Woods Nursing Center Inc. et al, order of magistrate. Melvin L. Albaugh v. ARS Recycling System LLC et al, dismissed. John R. Pezzone et al v. Jeffrey M. Bleggi, order of magistrate. Daniel R. Yemma v. Oscar Bryant Jr. et al, foreclosure. Bill Hicks and Co. LTD v. Paul Groves et al, decision of magistrate. Pamela A. Edwards v. Ronald J. Karpinski et al, dismissed. Daniel R. Yemma v. Rafael A. Ortiz-Rodriguez, foreclosure. Brandy L. Huddleston v. Consumer Support Services Inc. et al, order of magistrate. Daniel R. Yemma v. Harrison Shelley et al, foreclosure. Daniel R. Yemma v. Idella West, foreclosure. Daniel R. Yemma v. John B. Weatherall et al, foreclosure. Daniel R. Yemma v. James C. Knight et al, foreclosure. Daniel R. Yemma v. Jake W. Turner et al, foreclosure. Liberty Mutual Insurance Co. v. Maurice L. Barnes Jr., default judgment in favor of plaintiff. Terraine Leflore v. Exal Corp. et al, dismissed. Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Jessica M. McCracken et al, dismissed. Daniel Mohler v. Marlene Manzano, settled and dismissed. Maher Sulebi v. Jacquelyn Penny-Lynn, dismissed. Kristal Coles v. Edward McLane, dismissed. Iteia Colyar v. Tamika Friar, dismissed. Arlin Smith v. Val Bicanovsky, order of magistrate. Athena J. May v. Nechelle Whitmore, dismissed. Mercedes Robinson v. Marvin Monroe, dismissed. State v. Jasmin Fletcher, sentenced. State v. Charles Shehab III, must enter and complete in house program at CCA. State v. Zhania T. Jordan, must complete in house program at CCA. State v. Mariah Jones, sentenced. State v. Roderick D. Means, pleads guilty. State v. Brian Zordich, sentenced. State v. Daniel Nicoara, sentenced. State v. Frank J. Perry, sentenced. State v. Roderick J. Means, pleads guilty. State v. Cara A. Patsy, sentenced. Asset Acceptance LLC v. Christina E. Hamilton, order to disburse. Debra L. Holbrook et al v. Michael A. Tyson et al, settled and dismissed. James Rock et al v. Windsor House Inc., dismissed. Christine A. Coler et al v. Martin F. White Co. LPA et al, order of magistrate. Daniel R. Yemma v. Super Subers Realty LTD et al, confirmation of sale, ordering deed and distribution. State of Ohio Department of Job and Family Services v. Jon P. France, dismissed. Stephanie Mansour et al v. Dibo Construction LLC et al, order of magistrate. William J. Garrett & Associates Inc. et al v. Barr Holdings LTD et al, order of magistrate. Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Judith A. Scott et al, confirmation of sale and distribution of proceeds. Partners for Payment Relief De II LLC v. Rachel Miskell et al, order of magistrate. Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Rhonda Clark et al, property withdrawn from sale. Donald Spires v. Beeghly Oaks Operating LLC et al, order of magistrate. Marlilyn D. Kiddy Jr. v. John K. Painter et al, dismissed. Farmers National Bank of Canfield v. Kimberly M. Oliver et al, foreclosure. Daniel R. Yemma v. Ana Diaz et al, foreclosure. Daniel R. Yemma v. Mark R. King et al, foreclosure. Daniel R. Yemma v. Leaonia Mciver et al, foreclosure. Joseph R. Feudale v. Leonard W. Villers, judgment in favor of plaintiff. Daniel R. Yemma v. Sergio DiPaolo et al, order of magistrate. Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Kleine M. Tomko et al, foreclosure. Ohio State Penitentiary v. Diane Ditman et al, order of magistrate. Cassie Jo Moore v. Jennifer Stitzel, order of magistrate. Kristin Biggs v. Latiessa R. Tate, order of magistrate. State v. Michael Paige, sentenced. State v. Brittany N. Rivera, sentenced. State v. Derek V. Tensley, sentenced. State v. Rachel Cassidy, pleads guilty. State v. Jamie D. Ingledue, pleads guilty. State v. Maurice Dow, sentenced. State v. Kevin Henderson, sentenced. State v. Marchello Stokes, sentenced. State v. Michael Cornwell, pleads guilty. State v. Brandon M. Bennett, dismissed. State v. Ronique Requel, dismissed. State v. Jamal Wingo, dismissed. State v. Teeaira Nickerson, dismissed. Asset Acceptance LLC v. Sandra D. Block, order to disburse. US Bank National Association v. Robert M. Cleland et al, dismissed. Jean McCammon v. Youngstown Sports Grille et al, magistrate’s order. City of Youngstown v. Shirley Jones, dismissed. Allstate of Youngstown LLC v. Iron Eagle Enterprises LLC, order of magistrate. Jerry Showers v. BPI Recycling LLC et al, order of magistrate. City of Youngstown v. Gary W. Chapman, dismissed. Ohio One Corp. v. John J. Limbian, dismissed. Federal National Mortgage v. David Gerchak et al, order of magistrate. John Steeves et al v. Harriet Vaparides et al, settled and dismissed. Daniel R. Yemma v. Jane Runeric-Swoboda et al, order of magistrate. HSBC Bank USA NA v. Christopher P. Jennings et al, order of magistrate. US Bank Trust National Association v. Margaret McCormick et al, confirmation of sale and distribution of proceeds. NBRT Properties LLC v. ATFH Real Property LLC et al, judgment in favor of plaintiff. US Bank Trust National Association v. Douglas Wilson et al, order of magistrate. Abigail George et al v. Eric A. Beck, order of magistrate. First National Bank of Pennsylvania v. Carmello Lopez et al, order of magistrate. Miranda H. Ormiston v. Daniel T. Pawlak, order of magistrate. Greg Brown Sr. v. Markie Scott, dismissed. Casey A. Susany v. Lindsay R. Barbs et al, order of magistrate. Miranda Ormiston v. Daniel Pawlek, order of magistrate. Milkarin Vega v. Teresa Torres, dismissed. Milkarin Vega v. Tasha Torres, dismissed. Lisa Wilson v. Sandra Wilson, order of magistrate. Lawrence Love v. Auma Rahew Campbell, order of magistrate. State v. Kayla Loomis, pleads guilty; period of rehab for one year. State v. Victor M. Estrada, sentenced. State v. Christopher Shiflett, sentenced. State v. Anthony Green, pleads guilty; rehab for period of one year through CCA. State v. Mark Scott, sentenced. State v. Jason Hymes, sentenced. State v. Andrew S. Pesa, pleads guilty. State v. Darrell Haynes, pleads guilty. State v. Mathue O’Malley, sentenced. State v. Lynn Handschin, pleads guilty. State v. Dianna DeMarco, judgment entered. Charles Ward et al v. Mark Wollet et al, settled and dismissed. Cach LLC v. Carol L. Morgan, order of magistrate. Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Carol A. Rhamy et al, confirmation of sale and distribution of proceeds. Citimortgage Inc. v. Stephen M. Hurajt et al, sherrif’s sale canceled. Carol Hinton v. John Doe et al, dismissed. Susan Brozman v. Andre L. Eiland Sr. et al, confirmation of sale and ordering distribution. Richard Weimer v. Park Vista et al, judgment entered. City of Campbell Ohio v. William Burney III et al, order of magistrate. Fifth Third Mortgage Co. v. John Randall Sr. et al, dismissed, Eunicee R. Henricksen v. Robert J. Henricksen et al, summary judgment. US Bank National Association v. Mark J. Colabella et al, foreclosure. US Bank National Association v. William R. Britton II et al, confirmation of sale and ordering distribution. United Ohio Insurance Co. v. Robert A. Mills et al, judgment in favor of plaintiff. Wells Fargo Bank NA v. Laurie B. Gotthardt et al, confirmation of sale and distribution of proceeds. Kita Shelton Jr. v. Beata Raisky et al, dismissed. Home S&L Co. of Youngstown Ohio v. Jason T. Janis et al, confirmation of sale and ordering distribution. Monique Wilder v. Edward Clark et al, order of magistrate. Other stories of interest COURTS COURTS MAHONING COUNTY COURTS Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions March 21, 2017 58° Dothan, AL (36303) Today A few passing clouds, otherwise generally sunny. High 86F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Mostly clear. Low 58F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 21, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Playground to honor 6 kids who died in Baltimore house fire Mar 19, 2017 (…) BALTIMORE (AP) — A playground will honor six children who died in a Baltimore house fire. JPMorgan Chase & Co is donating land for a playground near Baltimore's City Neighbors Charter School, which two of the children who died attended. Two of their siblings who survived the fire also attend the school. Local media report that a vacant house on land across from the school will be torn down to make way for the playground. The Baltimore Sun (http://bsun.md/1cw4Teg ) says Chase purchased the property for $280,000 in 2013 and will pay to demolish the house. The paper says Chase had offered the property to the parents of the children who died and whose home was destroyed, but they've said they don't plan to return to the neighborhood. The fire's cause remains under investigation. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Residential Fires Fires Accidents And Disasters Individual Giving Philanthropy Social Affairs Locations Baltimore Maryland United States North America Popular Shootout occurs at Rucker Boulevard Arrest made in Taco Bell assault Former Dothan commissioner Taylor Barbaree arrested on felony charges Police: Barbaree created false corporation, stole $11k investment Gilley thankful for experiences, optimistic about future Hot grease thrown in Taco Bell employee's face during dispute Gordon mayor Elbert Melton arrested on voter fraud charges Ozark mayor, others in Dale County oppose concealed weapon, pharmacy bills Case of body found in Dale County being treated as a homicide Deveridge out as Eufaula coach; Cliatt hired as next coach Videos Featured Businesses Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Contests Bracket Challenge Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In PE-backed ProPetro debuts IPO March 17, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Midland, Texas-based ProPetro Holding Corp, an oilfield services company, has raised $350 million for its IPO after pricing its 25 million shares at $14 per share. The stock began trading March 17, 2017 on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “PUMP.” Goldman Sachs and Barclays Capital Inc are serving as the lead underwriters. ProPetro is backed by Energy Capital Partners. PRESS RELEASE MIDLAND, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)– ProPetro Holding Corp. (NYSE: PUMP) (the “Company”) announced today that it has priced the initial public offering of 25,000,000 shares of its common stock at $14.00 per share, of which 13,250,000 shares are to be sold by the Company and 11,750,000 shares are to be sold by the selling stockholders named in the registration statement on Form S-1 filed previously with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The shares are expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 17, 2017 under the ticker symbol “PUMP.” In addition, the selling stockholders named in the registration statement have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase from the selling stockholders up to an additional 3,750,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at the initial public offering price. The offering is expected to close on March 22, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds it receives from the offering to repay borrowings outstanding under the Company’s term loan, to fund the purchase of additional hydraulic fracturing units and for general corporate purposes. The Company will not receive any net proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholders of shares of the Company’s common stock. Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Barclays Capital Inc. are acting as book-running managers for the proposed initial public offering. Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are also acting as book-running managers for the offering. The proposed initial public offering of these securities is being made only by means of a written prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, copies of which may be obtained from: Goldman, Sachs & Co. Attention: Prospectus Department 200 West Street New York, NY 10282 Telephone: 1-866-471-2526 Email: [email protected] Barclays Capital Inc. c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions 1155 Long Island Avenue Edgewood, NY 11717 Telephone: 888-603-5847 Email: [email protected] Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Attention: Prospectus Department One Madison Avenue New York, New York 10010 Telephone: 800-221-1037 Email: [email protected] J.P. Morgan Securities LLC c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions 1155 Long Island Avenue Edgewood, NY 11717 Attention: Prospectus Department Telephone: 1-866-803-9204 Email: [email protected] Important Information A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the SEC. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. When available, you may obtain a copy of the prospectus free of charge by visiting the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov, and searching under the registrant’s name, “ProPetro Holding Corp.” Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements that do not relate to historical matters identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that actual outcomes and results will not differ materially from those expected by our management. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, including, among others, that our business plans may change as circumstances warrant, the Company’s shares of common stock may not begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange as expected and the offering may not close as expected. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those conveyed in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the “Risk Factors” section of the prospectus included in the registration statement on Form S-1, in the form last filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, unless required by law. About ProPetro: ProPetro Holding Corp. is a Midland, Texas-based oilfield services company providing hydraulic fracturing and other complementary services to leading upstream oil and gas companies engaged in the exploration and production of North American unconventional oil and natural gas resources. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, BBH Capital, Morgan Stanley are hiring by Eamon Murphy Sealed Air nears sale of Diversey Care to Bain Capital, say sources: Reuters by Reuters News B Capital hires five and promotes one by Iris Dorbian Johnson Controls explores sale of Scott Safety: Reuters by Reuters News Platinum Equity Capital Partners IV raises $6.5 bln by Luisa Beltran Platinum Equity to acquire Staples’ Australia and New Zealand business by Iris Dorbian Flow raises $13 mln from Bain Capital Ventures by Luisa Beltran Baird Capital announces promotions by Luisa Beltran © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Arianna Huffington: Sexism isn't a 'systemic problem' at Uber World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Wells Fargo credit card applications plunge 55% Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Huffington: Uber sexism not a 'systemic problem' Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance 1 in 4 workers have less than $1,000 saved for retirement Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz How to drink wine without removing the cork Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury A sloth's guide to business travel Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Trumponomics America's CEOs ramp up hiring plans at fastest pace in 3 years by Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 March 14, 2017: 12:24 PM ET The Rust Belt gave Trump his victory. Now these voters want jobs. President Trump's promises to slash taxes and rip up regulations are making America's CEOs more confident about hiring workers. A new Business Roundtable survey of CEO projections for hiring, investments and sales growth over the next six months jumped by the most since the fourth quarter of 2009. While business leaders were planning to cut jobs as recently as the middle of last year, 41% of the CEOs polled now say they expect to ramp up hiring. The employment index of the survey, which took place between February 8 and March 1, is now at the highest level in nearly three years. It's the latest evidence that the "pro-growth" parts of the Trump agenda are exciting corporate leaders. "This country can do better. We're not believers that we're somehow stuck in low growth. We just need good policy at this point," said JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon, who serves as chairman of the Business Roundtable, which represents large companies. He added that these policy changes "would be good for all Americans, not just big companies." Dimon specifically cited enthusiasm among CEOs to work with Washington on "far-reaching tax reform" as well as a "smarter approach to regulation." Related: Bush economist: Trump should get moving on tax cuts Of course, it remains to be seen how much of this CEO confidence will translate to actual job creation. The U.S. is at a level that many economists consider full employment -- unemployment is sitting at just 4.8% as of February, and it's not like corporate chiefs are anticipating the economy will boom this year. CEOs in the Business Roundtable survey predicted 2017 GDP growth of just 2.2% for 2017. That's up a bit from a few months ago, but well shy of the 4% growth Trump has promised to eventually deliver. Nevertheless, Trump's pledge for "massive" tax cuts has fired up the stock market. The S&P 500 has surged by 11% since the election to all-time highs. Of the CEOs polled, 52% indicated tax reform would create the most pro-growth environment for their business. Related: Trump is pushing 'Buy American' But customers (mostly) don't care However, tax reform is incredibly complicated, and so far there has been little movement in Congress on this issue as lawmakers instead focus on repealing and replacing Obamacare. Efforts to rewrite the corporate tax code will be further muddied by opposition to a Republican proposal for a border adjusted tax (BAT) that would aim to encourage more stuff gets made in America. Retailers have warned a BAT could jack up prices on shoppers. "We don't think the hopes will be dashed," said Joshua Bolten, the CEO of the Business Roundtable and President George W. Bush's former chief of staff. "While it's never easy to do tax reform, we think this really is a once-in-a-generation opportunity." Another 27% of CEOs surveyed by the Business Roundtable say they are most excited by Trump's regulatory reform efforts. Trump has vowed to "do a big number" on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. He has argued that regulations are holding back the economy, even though business loans and bank profits are at record highs. Trump also wants to dial back environmental regulations impacting the coal, oil and gas industries. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 14, 2017: 11:16 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Why the CIA uses board games to train its officers How this son of migrant farm workers became an astronaut David Rockefeller, banker and philanthropist, dies at 101 Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until May 2018 with this card Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived The Motley Fool Paid Partner Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy This stock could be like buying Amazon for $3.19 Legendary tech investor boldly endorses one stock Motley Fool issues rare triple-buy alert Apple quietly leases 5,000 acre abandoned military base Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Read today's eNewspaper News Maryland Baltimore City Playground planned to honor Malone family after tragic January fire Jessica AndersonContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun Bank donates new playground space to honor the Malone family after tragic January fire. After two of their classmates were killed in a fire, students at City Neighbors Charter School quickly set to work crafting small memorials with pictures and notes. Now, planning has begun on a permanent memorial. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is donating a home and land near the school to create a new playground to honor the Malone family, which lost six children in a blaze that engulfed their three-story home in January. "This pocket playground is going to be beautiful," said Bobbi Macdonald, director of the City Neighbors Foundation, which operates the school. "It was actually really a community effort. A lot of people were trying to figure out what to do with this house." The long-vacant white wood-frame home at 4310 Raspe Avenue across the street from the school will be torn down. Plans for the playground will be discussed in the coming months, Macdonald said, in the hope of completing it in the summer. Chase officials learned of the family's loss and convened a group of senior executives in the mortgage division, which decided to demolish the property and donate the land, a Chase spokeswoman said. Paying respects to Malone children People pay respects to the six Malone children who died in a fire in January. (Amy Davis, Baltimore Sun video) People pay respects to the six Malone children who died in a fire in January. (Amy Davis, Baltimore Sun video) See more videos "This land will serve a much greater purpose in the hands of City Neighbors and the Baltimore community," Peter Muriungi, Chase's head of Mortgage Servicing, said in a statement. "We are grateful to have played a small role in what will be a truly special place to honor a wonderful family." Chase purchased the 11,247-square-foot lot for $280,000 in 2013, according to records. The company will also cover the cost of demolishing the structure. Chase had offered the property to the family, whose home in the 4200 block of Springwood Ave. was destroyed in the blaze, but the Malones have said they do not plan to return to the neighborhood. The Malones did not respond to a request for comment. Macdonald said the family supports the project. "They felt like it would be the best kind of memorial for their children," she said. Six of the nine children of Bill and Katie Malone — Bridgette Anna, 11; Amelia Susan, 10; Amanda Claire, 3; Zoe Juliet, 3; William Francis IV, 2; and Daniel George, 9 months — died in the blaze. Malone's husband, Bill Malone, was not at home at the time of the fire. Bridgette was a sixth-grader and Amelia was a fourth-grader at City Neighbors. Erin Malone — who helped her mother pull her 4-year-old sister, Jane, and 5-year-old brother, Jack, from the fire — is a third-grader at the school. Jack is a kindergartner at the school. Both have returned to class, Macdonald said. "Our teachers, students and families are amazingly tight, strong — a loving community. Some days are hard, some go well. There's this feeling of together moving forward," Macdonald said. Baltimore fire spokeswoman Blair Adams said the cause of the fire remains under investigation. She declined to provide additional information on the investigation, including when it might be concluded. The school is planning a small ceremony on Monday to thank Chase officials, and then will work on raising additional funds for the property — which has large, old trees. "It really adds green space, a place for children to play," Macdonald said. "What better way to remember the children that were lost?" jkanderson@baltsun.com twitter.com/janders5 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad JPMorgan Chase & Co. Friends, family, strangers pay respects to six Malone children who died in Northeast Baltimore fire Trust created to help pay expenses for Malone family, who lost six children in house fire Baltimore City Council passes $15 minimum wage bill Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 45°
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Fri, Mar 17 2017. 11 51 AM IST StanChart says Trump ‘assault’ on WTO may set trade back decades Standard Chartered says Donald Trump risks reversing decades of progress in globalization if he attacks the WTO or starts imposing border taxes on trading partners Subscribe to our newsletter. Chris KayStephen Morris Standard Chartered says if the WTO loses its effectiveness as a mediating trading body, it will be undoing 30 years of progress in global trade. Photo: Bloomberg Karachi/London: Standard Chartered Plc’s Bill Winters, who runs one of the biggest trade-finance banks in the world, said US President Donald Trump risks reversing decades of progress in globalization if he attacks the World Trade Organization or starts imposing border taxes on trading partners. Deep antagonism between the US and a given trading partner, or “a fundamental assault on the multilateral trading systems, the WTO most obviously—those would be very bad outcomes,” Winters, the former head of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s investment bank, told reporters at Standard Chartered’s main office in Karachi, Pakistan, on Thursday. “If the WTO loses its effectiveness as a mediating trading body, it’ll be undoing 30 years of progress in global trade.” Winters, Standard Chartered’s 55-year-old chief executive officer, said last month that the bank was “war-gaming” trade disruptions that some of Trump’s policies could cause. The Asia-focused lender has a lot staked on the future of trade, as its executives are attempting to persuade investors they can restore revenue growth after years of missing targets and incurring fines for misconduct. The CEO reiterated he didn’t think a full-blown trade war was likely. He said the most probable actions taken by the US would include tariffs or other barriers against specific countries such as China and Mexico, causing little knock-on impact to the global economy. However, he said it’s hard to predict what could happen given the rhetoric used by Trump and his top advisers. “We could end up with something that’s closer to the narrative we heard during the election, especially with a much more aggressive border adjustment type system that has embedded in it substantial tariff barriers—we’re talking 20%, that’s very material,” Winters said. “Or a bilateral spat that gets out of control” with one of the US’s major trading partners, he said. If Trump does start a fight with China over trade, investment would be driven out of the US and Europe and into Asia, where China would take the lead role in a super-regional trade bloc, Winters said 24 February. China’s standing in Asia was already bolstered when the US pulled out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, he said. “In the short term those sorts of scenarios could be bad for us,” Winters said. “Can the rest of intra-Asian, South Asian, African, Middle East trade offset the decrease from the US? No. The US is the biggest market in the world by far, certainly the biggest importer in the world by far. It would be damaging to the world economy, it would be damaging to the economies in this region.” Bloomberg Chris KayStephen Morris Topics: Standard Chartered Donald Trump WTO StanChart Global Trade More From Livemint READ MORE ‘Unhappy’ Modi asks BJP MPs to ensure presence in Parliament Airtel hits back at Reliance Jio on speed ad with Ookla backing Media and entertainment industry likely to grow at 14% by 2021: Report First Published: Fri, Mar 17 2017. 11 51 AM IST Editor's Picks Idea, Vodafone sign off on ‘equal’ merger in India India seeks to jump 40 places in World Bank’s Doing Business rankings The Yogi Adityanath development model Latest News ‘Unhappy’ Modi asks BJP MPs to ensure presence in Parliament Airtel hits back at Reliance Jio on speed ad with Ookla backing Media and entertainment industry likely to grow at 14% by 2021: Report 53% of Indian professionals use technology for hiring: Survey Idea Cellular shares extend fall, down nearly 8% on Vodafone deal Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Iwg Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Iwg Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Iwg Plc (RGU) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Iwg Plc (LON:RGU) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight analysts that are covering the firm. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 339.17 ($4.15). Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Citigroup Inc reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Iwg Plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 280 ($3.42) price target on shares of Iwg Plc in a report on Thursday, November 24th. Shares of Iwg Plc (LON:RGU) opened at 240.72 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 235.11 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 276.67. Iwg Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 223.50 and a 52 week high of GBX 336.50. Your IP Address: Iwg Plc Company Profile IWG Plc is a Jersey-based workspace company. The Company operates under the Regus, Regus Express, Spaces, Signature, Kora and Open Office brands and provides a global network of places to work for all kinds of businesses from home-based workers to corporations. The Company focuses on both single location and integrated national networks and also provides sales and management services. Receive News & Ratings for Iwg Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Iwg Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Next » 28,754 Shares in Altria Group Inc (MO) Acquired by Pacad Investment Ltd. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Global Blood Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Novae Group Plc (NVA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Receives $176.68 Average Price Target from Analysts Coach Inc (COH) Receives $42.96 Consensus Price Target from Analysts E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €7.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €14.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Mattersight Corp (MATR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Premium Brands Holdings Corp (PBH) PT Raised to C$83.00 at BMO Capital Markets Norbord Inc (OSB) PT Raised to C$40.00 SHIN-ETSU CHEMICAL (SHECY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Ferrari (RACE) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Centene Corp (CNC) Receives $77.23 Average Target Price from Brokerages Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give adidas AG (ADS) a €201.00 Price Target Linde AG (LIN) Given a €171.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €110.00 Price Target for SAP SE (SAP) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €167.00 Price Target Empire Company Limited (EMP.A) Stock Rating Upgraded by Barclays PLC Scotiabank Increases Knight Therapeutics Inc (GUD) Price Target to C$11.00 Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Given New C$110.00 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) Receives $51.01 Consensus PT from Brokerages Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:GBT) have earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the ten ratings firms that are currently covering the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation and nine have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $51.44. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Roth Capital set a $47.00 price target on Global Blood Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Global Blood Therapeutics from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Cowen and Company restated a “buy” rating on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Finally, Nomura assumed coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Your IP Address: Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) opened at 36.90 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $25.85 and its 200-day moving average price is $20.00. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.61 billion. Global Blood Therapeutics has a 12 month low of $12.24 and a 12 month high of $39.65. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, March 13th. The company reported ($0.74) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.64) by $0.10. During the same period last year, the company posted ($0.53) earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Global Blood Therapeutics will post ($2.76) EPS for the current fiscal year. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in Global Blood Therapeutics by 1.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 49,739 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,147,000 after buying an additional 775 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 289,984 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,174,000 after buying an additional 4,024 shares in the last quarter. TLP Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the third quarter worth $111,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 53.3% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 20,744 shares of the company’s stock worth $478,000 after buying an additional 7,212 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 4.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 185,305 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,272,000 after buying an additional 8,450 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 56.36% of the company’s stock. Global Blood Therapeutics Company Profile Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. The Company’s segment is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. Receive News & Ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Lennar Co. (LEN) Receives $53.84 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Next » Short Interest in SPDR Barclays Capital Convertible SecETF (CWB) Decreases By 39.1% Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Morgan Stanley (MS) Short Interest Update March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) saw a significant growth in short interest in February. As of February 28th, there was short interest totalling 18,688,563 shares, a growth of 23.6% from the February 15th total of 15,115,884 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 9,961,888 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 1.9 days. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) opened at 45.02 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $84.01 billion, a PE ratio of 15.41 and a beta of 1.80. Morgan Stanley has a 52-week low of $23.11 and a 52-week high of $47.33. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $45.44 and a 200-day moving average price of $39.39. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.81 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.65 by $0.16. Morgan Stanley had a net margin of 15.76% and a return on equity of 8.48%. The company had revenue of $9 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.51 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.43 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Morgan Stanley will post $3.39 EPS for the current year. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Morgan Stanley from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price target on Morgan Stanley from $34.00 to $43.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Atlantic Securities upgraded Morgan Stanley from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $27.00 to $44.00 in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Guggenheim restated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Sunday, December 4th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and seventeen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Morgan Stanley has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.09. In other Morgan Stanley news, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 284,827 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.30, for a total value of $12,048,182.10. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now directly owns 1,346,700 shares in the company, valued at $56,965,410. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Eric F. Grossman sold 17,562 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.14, for a total value of $740,062.68. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 242,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,202,094. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 506,897 shares of company stock valued at $21,781,793 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MS. Stifel Financial Corp boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 38.8% in the second quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 139,660 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,630,000 after buying an additional 39,039 shares during the last quarter. Madison Investment Holdings Inc. bought a new stake in Morgan Stanley during the second quarter worth $462,000. Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 5.3% in the second quarter. Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV now owns 22,690 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $589,000 after buying an additional 1,150 shares during the last quarter. Fjarde AP Fonden Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 3.8% in the second quarter. Fjarde AP Fonden Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund now owns 343,305 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,919,000 after buying an additional 12,595 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 2.7% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 4,236,710 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $110,070,000 after buying an additional 112,263 shares during the last quarter. 85.87% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Your IP Address: About Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rudolph Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rudolph Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Receives $23.50 Consensus Target Price from Analysts March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Rudolph Technologies Inc (NYSE:RTEC) have received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the six analysts that are currently covering the company. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $23.50. RTEC has been the topic of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Rudolph Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded shares of Rudolph Technologies from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of Rudolph Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $19.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 target price on shares of Rudolph Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Rudolph Technologies (NYSE:RTEC) opened at 22.45 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $22.06 and its 200 day moving average is $20.30. Rudolph Technologies has a 12-month low of $12.84 and a 12-month high of $24.90. The stock has a market capitalization of $701.29 million, a PE ratio of 19.35 and a beta of 1.31. Rudolph Technologies (NYSE:RTEC) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.21 EPS for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.21. The business had revenue of $54.10 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $54.17 million. Rudolph Technologies had a net margin of 15.87% and a return on equity of 9.44%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.16 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Rudolph Technologies will post $1.12 EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: In other news, VP Steven D. Gardner sold 7,406 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.67, for a total value of $160,488.02. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 51,066 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,106,600.22. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 4.60% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 621.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 277,101 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,916,000 after buying an additional 238,685 shares in the last quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 239.8% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 320,615 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,487,000 after buying an additional 226,253 shares in the last quarter. First Quadrant L P CA boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 811.2% in the third quarter. First Quadrant L P CA now owns 215,944 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,831,000 after buying an additional 192,244 shares in the last quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 41.4% in the third quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. now owns 611,731 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,852,000 after buying an additional 179,249 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 8.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,179,673 shares of the company’s stock worth $38,667,000 after buying an additional 168,039 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 97.70% of the company’s stock. About Rudolph Technologies Rudolph Technologies, Inc (Rudolph) is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and support of defect inspection, packaging lithography, thin film metrology, and data analysis systems and software used by microelectronics device manufacturers. The Company operates in a segment of the design, development, manufacture and support of process control defect inspection and metrology; packaging lithography, and data analysis systems and software used by microelectronics device manufacturers. Receive News & Ratings for Rudolph Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rudolph Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Viewpoint Building the Business Your Clients Desire In the world of financial advisory practices, the chief drivers of enterprise value are organizational not financial By Ray Sclafani Biography March 18, 2017 1:21 a.m. ET Apple and Google, the world’s most valuable brands, attained their status by delivering products and services that their clients desire, rather than what they need. Prior to Apple’s launch of the iPod, for instance, the average consumer only dreamed of carrying his entire music library in his pocket. There is a lesson here for financial advisors: the importance of building enterprise value. The economics scholars among you might remember the formula for enterprise value: market cap plus debt, minority interest, and... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Alibaba Could Become The Next Cloud Superstar Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 5 Ways to Invest in Water Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Kill the Border Adjustment Tax Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Are Investors Too Bullish About the Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Down Day for Canada Goose 2 The Fundamentals of Advisory Teaming 3 How to Guarantee Financial Freedom Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canadian Solar Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) will be releasing its earnings data before the market opens on Tuesday, March 21st. Analysts expect Canadian Solar to post earnings of $0.32 per share for the quarter. Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) opened at 13.74 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $13.42 and a 200-day moving average of $13.07. The stock has a market capitalization of $793.87 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 5.73 and a beta of 2.78. Canadian Solar Inc. has a 52 week low of $10.25 and a 52 week high of $20.60. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Canadian Solar from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $15.36 to $16.00 in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Canadian Solar from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Guggenheim reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Canadian Solar in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. FBR & Co cut shares of Canadian Solar from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $23.00 to $12.00 in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Finally, Roth Capital reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $11.00 target price (down from $20.00) on shares of Canadian Solar in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $19.49. A hedge fund recently raised its stake in Canadian Solar stock. State Street Corp boosted its position in Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) by 7.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 18,931 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,307 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Canadian Solar were worth $230,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Institutional investors own 36.88% of the company’s stock. Your IP Address: About Canadian Solar Canadian Solar Inc is a solar power company. The Company is a provider of solar power products, services and system solutions with operations in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, Australia and Asia. Its segments include module segment, energy development segment and electricity generation segment. Receive News & Ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Risks of rising protectionism threaten ASX investors’ upbeat mood By admin in Uncategorized March 19, 2017 Local shares are poised to start the week lower, with the threat of rising protectionism likely to sour the mood.However, as the week progresses, a raft of speeches by central bankers – both here and overseas – may add to growing optimism around global growth and inflation. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The ASX is set for a cautious start. Photo: AFR ASX futures closed down 13 points though over the weekend as financials, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan, slumped in New York. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slipped 0.1 per cent to 2378, limiting its weekly gain to 0.2 per cent.US listed shares of BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto added 0.7 per cent and 0.2 per cent respectively, with recent outsize gains for shares in both companies moderating as the spot price of iron ore dipped 0.3 per cent to $US92.34 a tonne, while iron ore futures on the Dalian Commodity Exchanged moved up 0.3 per cent.It’s unclear how investors will interpret the Group of 20 statement. The world’s top finance ministers, including Australia’s Treasurer Scott Morrison, as well as the world’s top central bankers met in Germany for two days.They acquiesced to the US in dropping a long-standing reference to free and open global trade and the risk of a “global growth shock” as a result of rising protectionism may prove an increasing worry to investors.  Advertisement “Candidate Trump advocated an activist trade policy, and President Trump is attempting to implement this,” Macquarie Wealth Management analysts wrote ahead of the G20 meeting. “These policies could lead to a global growth shock,” the chance of which is as high as 40-50 per cent, the analysts believe.Over the next few weeks, there will be a keen focus on the setting of contract prices for both thermal and metallurgical coal. In a March 15 report, Macquarie Wealth Management said its current forecast for thermal coal is $US87.5 a tonne, or roughly $US26 a tonne higher than current levels. “Producers will be keen to get this settled before Chinese coal demand seasonally weakens in April,” the analysts said.As for met coal, used in steel-making, Macquarie sees $US175 a tonne, “although we expect achieved prices for producers to come in well below this, even after adjusting for quality.””One potential factor to watch is the Chinese domestic hard coking coal price, which after a period of stability is now dropping quickly, with expectations from our China trip earlier this month of a further 10–15 per cent decline over the coming couple of months.”On the central… Post navigation Frontrunner for East Timor presidency offers Australia hope on oilfields deal Hampton Park milk bar couple endure harrowing armed attack Search for: Recent Posts Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh and Shahid Kapoor declare they will NOT start any project until Padmavati ends! Wondering why Hrithik Roshan is sporting a beanie off late; here is the answer What was Ranveer Singh doing on the sets of Ajay Devgn-Parineeti Chopra’s Golmaal Again? Here’s the shocking reason why Katrina Kaif lost the L’Oreal deal to Deepika Padukone! ARM DynamIQ: Expanding the possibilities for artificial intelligence Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
“No warning can save people determined to grow suddenly rich” – Lord Overstone Home Articles Authors Search About Us HOME / Articles / Adam Taggart / Banks Are Evil Banks Are Evil By: Adam Taggart | Sat, Mar 18, 2017 Share Print Email It's time to get painfully honest about this I don't talk to my classmates from business school anymore, many of whom went to work in the financial industry. Why? Because, through the lens we use here at PeakProsperity.com to look at the world, I've increasingly come to see the financial industry -- with the big banks at its core -- as the root cause of injustice in today's society. I can no longer separate any personal affections I might have for my fellow alumni from the evil that their companies perpetrate. And I'm choosing that word deliberately: Evil. In my opinion, it's long past time we be brutally honest about the banks. Their influence and reach has metastasized to the point where we now live under a captive system. From our retirement accounts, to our homes, to the laws we live under -- the banks control it all. And they run the system for their benefit, not ours. While the banks spent much of the past century consolidating their power, the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act in 1999 emboldened them to accelerate their efforts. Since then, the key trends in the financial industry have been to dismantle regulation and defang those responsible for enforcing it, to manipulate market prices (an ambition tremendously helped by the rise of high-frequency trading algorithms), and to push downside risk onto "muppets" and taxpayers. Oh, and of course, this hasn't hurt either: having the ability to print up trillions in thin-air money and then get first-at-the-trough access to it. Don't forget, the Federal Reserve is made up of and run by -- drum roll, please -- the banks. How much 'thin air' money are we talking about? The Fed and the rest of the world's central banking cartel has printed over $12 Trillion since the Great Recession. Between the ECB and the DOJ, nearly $200 Billion of additional liquidity has been -- and continues to be -- injected into world markets each month(!) since the beginning of 2016: With their first-in-line access to this money tsunami, as well as their stranglehold on the financial system that it all runs through, the banks are like a parasite feasting from a gusher on the mother-lode artery. It should come as little surprise that, with all this advantage they've amassed, the banks have enriched themselves and their cronies spectacularly. They have made themselves too big to fail, and too big to jail. Remember that their reckless greed caused the 2008 financial crisis, and yet, in 2009, not only did bankers avoid criminal prosecutions, not only did the banks receive hundreds of billions in government bailouts, but they paid themselves record bonuses? And the bonanza continues unabated today. By being able to borrow capital for essentially free today from the Fed, the banks simply lever that money up and buy Treasurys. Voila! Risk-free profits. That giveaway has been going on for years. Couple that with the banks' ability to push market prices around using their wide arsenal of unfair tactics -- frontrunning, HFT spoofing and quote stuffing, stop-running, insider knowledge, collusion, etc -- the list is long. James Howard Kunstler is dead on: we don't have a free market anymore. Instead, we have rackets, run by racketeers. The rest of us are simply suckers to be fleeced. Nobel Prize-winning economist Angus Deaton recently agreed: Income inequality is not killing capitalism in the United States, but rent-seekers like the banking and the health-care sectors just might, said Nobel-winning economist Angus Deaton on Monday. If an entrepreneur invents something on the order of another Facebook, Deaton said he has no problem with that person becoming wealthy. "What is not OK is for rent-seekers to get rich," Deaton said in a luncheon speech to the National Association for Business Economics. Rent seekers lobby and persuade governments to give them special favors. Bankers during the financial crisis, and much of the health-care system, are two prime examples, Deaton said. Rent-seeking not only does not generate new product, it actually slows down economic growth, Deaton said. "All that talent is devoted to stealing things, instead of making things," he said. Marketwatch As further proof, let's look at this data recently obtained by Zero Hedge. In the past 4 years, JP Morgan's in-house trading group has had exactly 2 days of losses: That's not trading. Trading involves uncertainty and risk. This situation has none. It's an extraction process -- siphoning value from the market day after day with ironclad dependability. And it's not just a few dollars here and there. In 2016, JP Morgan's daily average trading revenues were $80 million. Per day! That's nearly $20 billion for the year. So if not "trading", what should we call it when a bank can extract tens of billions of dollars a year from the markets, with no downside risk? "Sanctioned theft" sounds about right. Because for every trade there is a buyer and a seller. If JP Morgan is the winner every day, who is losing? Turns out, it's the big pools of "dumb money" that don't have the cheat codes for the system the way the banks do. These are the pension funds, the index funds, the retirement accounts -- the aggregated money of all the 'little people' out there. Little people who don't have visibility into how they're being constantly fleeced; nor do they have agency to do anything about it even if they did. So yeah, "theft" feels like a pretty accurate term. And it has reached the point where the banks don't even care about hiding it anymore. If you had a nice inside racket going on, wouldn't you at least pretend to hide your advantage, to avoid drawing attention? Not the banks. They're either too proud or too obtuse to conceal it. Look at our string of perfect trading days! Look at our record bonuses! These boasts fall on the ears of everyday Americans as the modern version of Let them eat cake! And just like the out-of-touch French monarchs, the banks have positioned themselves as the enemy of the public. For as I claimed at the beginning of this article, a tremendous amount of the injustice in this country can be laid at the feet of the banks directly, or indirectly via the Federal Reserve. Are you a senior who can't afford to retire because you can't live off your fixed-income savings? Thank the Fed's 0% interest rates for that. Are you a millennial who can't afford to buy a home? Again, thank the Fed's policy of suppressing interest rates and thereby blowing another housing bubble. Are you struggling to get out of poverty? Are you finding it hard to remain in the middle class? Whatever your income, are you having to work harder and harder to just stay in the same place? See here how the Fed's money printing, and the banks' first-position access to it, has created the most concentrated imbalance of wealth in our country's history: Are you frustrated with how our lawmakers seem to serve corporations instead of the people? Listen to this mind-blowing podcast of how gobs of lobbyist money, much of it provided by Wall Street, dictates how our politicians legislate:  Click here to launch podcast Whether it's social equity, the security of your job or retirement, your day-to-day existence, or the fairness of the laws we live under -- our fate is currently in the hands of the banks. And, of course, should their behavior trigger another meltdown of the global economy -- something we warn about often here at PeakProsperity.com -- we'll have them to thank for that, too. Yes, the banks are going to keep writing the rules in their favor; and yes, there's little agency any of us has individually to do much about it. But as a society, we need to start addressing the dire situation we're in honestly and openly. By whatever path, we have granted the banks far too much control over our lives, and they are taking gross advantage of that. Exactly like a parasite, the banking system is siphoning off our wealth and limiting our freedoms and future prospects -- all for the benefit of an elite few.  That's wrong. It's immoral. And it's Evil. It's far beyond time to call a spade and spade. The path to change always begins with an accurate assessment of the problem. We need to start using accurate language  -- like "evil" -- when discussing the harm we're being subjected to. We need to make it clear to our elected officials and to our communities that we understand what the banks are doing and that we find it unacceptable.  We need to make the criticism specific and personal. To JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon. To Fed Chair Janet Yellen. We need to turn up the heat on the perpetrating decision-makers, so that the borg-like structure of the banking system no longer serves as a deflective shield to scrutiny and criticism. These people need to feel the disapproving stares when speaking to the public. They need to hear the disdainful boos, and see their faces on the protest signs and nightly media reports. And if you yourself work in the financial system, I'll be blunt. You're part of the problem. Just like my former classmates, I'm sure you're a very nice person in many ways -- but you're complicit in the banks' rapaciousness. I know it's not pleasant to hear, or admit. I worked for an investment bank for a few years early on in my career. I was part of the problem, too. But we have a choice, both as individuals and as a society, to align our actions with our values. It's not always easy. And likely not as profitable if you indeed end up leaving the financial industry (as I can tell you from personal experience). But it's the only way we'll ultimately gain back control of our destiny. Look, the banks' dominion is going to end one day. Either due to collapsing under the weight of the stupendous amount of debt they've helped laden our economy with, or due to an uprising from the bottom 99% once it has become fully destitute. Neither path is appealing. So our best choice here as individuals is to position ourselves where we can be least subjected to the game the banks want to force us to play.  The 3-part series we've just concluded: The Mother Of All Financial Bubbles, The Coming Great Wealth Transfer, and When This All Blows Up offers our best guidance for preserving wealth from the predation of the bankers. If you haven't read them yet, make that your weekend reading assignment. Finally, as a society, we need to wake up and make some hard, courageous choices. Obviously, the banks will not relinquish their control willingly. But if we start speaking truthfully and openly about the evil we're dealing with, we'll start fearing it less. It's time for us all to speak up.     Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Author: Adam Taggart Adam Taggart Peak Prosperity Adam is the President and Co-Founder of Peak Prosperity. Basically, his job is to handle the business side of things so that Chris is free to think & write. Adam is an experienced Silicon Valley internet executive and Stanford MBA. Prior to partnering with Chris (Adam was General Manager of the earlier site, ChrisMartenson.com), Adam was a Vice President at Yahoo!, a company he served for nine years. Before that he did the 'startup thing' (mySimon.com, sold to CNET in 2001). As a fresh-faced college graduate, he got a first-hand look at all that was broken with Wall Street as an investment banking analyst. Most important, he's a devoted husband and dad. Copyright © 2013-2017 Peak Prosperity All Images, XHTML Renderings, and Source Code Copyright © Safehaven.com Great Resources BLOOMBERG CBS MARKETWATCH CNBC CNN MONEY NASDAQ COMMUNITY OIL PRICE SILICON INVESTOR SMART MONEY THE STREET YAHOO FINANCE   ARMSTRONG ECONOMICS CREDIT BUBBLE BULLETIN PETER SCHIFF PEAK PROSPERITY FALLSTREET BIGCHARTS STOCKCHARTS BULLANDBEARWISE SHARELYNX   MAJOR US INDICES WORLD MARKETS FX STREET FOREX TRADING GLOBEX KITCO BONDHEADS STOCK MAVEN   More links >>> About Safehaven Who is Safehaven? Disclaimer Contact Us Connect with Safehaven Follow @SafehavenDotCom Circle Us Please Read Our Disclaimer © 2000-2017 SafeHaven.com
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Millions of manufacturing jobs could go unfilled Bloomberg Carol Hymowitz 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL States where the middle class is being left behind Forbes 2017 billionaires list: Meet the richest people on the planet Click to expand Replay Video Trump drops on Forbes list According to the Guardian President Trump's net worth is declining due to a drop in the value of office space in Midtown Manhattan. Forbes ranks Trump as the world’s 544th richest person, after coming in at No. 324 last year. He has famously refused to reveal his tax returns that would identify his actual net worth, but has claimed it’s “in excess” of $10 billion. Bill Gates now resides at the top of the list. Wochit Business Earning this amount makes you upper class This is how much you have to make to be considered upper class, according to Pew Research Center. CNBC Cheerios' bee-saving campaign could hurt some ecosystems, critics say Critics say some of the wildflowers in the "Bring Back the Bees" mix are potentially invasive and could cause damage to some ecosystems. Newsy SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Trump: We need to ensure jobs are being filled CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump drops on Forbes list Wochit Business0:33 Earning this amount makes you upper class CNBC0:47 Cheerios' bee-saving campaign could hurt some ecosystems, critics say Newsy1:08 Meet the billionaire who stung Apple in China last year Bloomberg2:25 Fly international on the cheap The Wall Street Journal.1:11 'Beauty and the Beast's' big success CNBC1:06 Trump administration beginning to make trade a two-way street for US? Fox Business2:56 Delivering beers by drone CNN Money2:43 Free software helps you finally get your book finished Wochit Tech1:04 Why Snapstreaks are worrying some kids BBC News1:05 Palm Beach doesn't want to pay for Trump's Mar-A-Lago visits Money1:19 5 ways the US can stop hackers CNN1:37 Monopoly welcomes the rubber duck CNN Money1:01 White House wants to privatize air traffic control Newsy1:13 Subway sues TV network for $210 million over report about its chicken Wochit Business0:43 Your local J.C. Penney may be on the chopping block CNBC0:47 UP NEXT James Michael Logsdon, a Louisville auto mechanic, hadn’t been in a classroom in 40 years when his company went out of business in 2015, but he was keen to learn something new. He enrolled in a free program for blue-collar workers at KentuckianaWorks, a regional job-services group that offers education and training courses and connects students with prospective employers. In five weeks, he got certified production technician (CPT) training and was hired weeks later at Atlas Copco AB, the Swedish tool-and-equipment maker. “I had a long interview, but it wasn’t until I talked about the courses I’d taken and showed my grades that they wanted me,” says Logsdon, 59, who now repairs tools used by automakers and equipment manufacturers. Quotes in the article Atlas Copco AB ATLKY ▲ 34.72 +0.03 +0.07% The Hershey Co HSY ▼ 108.85 -0.16 -0.15% Ford Motor Co F ▼ 12.28 -0.20 -1.60% Kellogg Co K ▼ 74.98 -0.13 -0.17% AdChoices Donald Trump promises to bring factory jobs back to the U.S. from overseas, but many blue-collar workers are hurt more by a lack of skills than by globalization. Unskilled assembly-line work has been replaced by so-called advanced manufacturing jobs that require some computer, information technology, or other technical knowledge. In Detroit, Louisville, Grand Rapids, Mich., and other manufacturing hubs, many employers can’t find workers with those skills. “Manufacturing jobs are here and growing in numbers, but you can’t just show up at a plant after high school and get hired any longer. You need some specialized training and certifications,” says Chauncy Lennon, head of Workforce Initiatives at JPMorgan Chase & Co., which helps fund KentuckianaWorks as part of a $250 million commitment to support training for manufacturing, health-care, and other middle-income jobs. KentuckianaWorks’ other funders include the Louisville Redevelopment Authority, the National Fund for Workforce Solutions, and several foundations. Over the next decade, 3.4 million manufacturing jobs are expected to become available as baby boomers retire and economic growth spurs work opportunities, according to a 2015 study by the Manufacturing Institute, a Washington-based think tank, and Deloitte LLC. But a skills gap could result in 2 million of those jobs staying unfilled. Workers are most lacking in computing and technical skills, as well as basic math and problem-solving, the study found. More than 80 percent of 450 U.S. executives surveyed said the gap will affect their ability to meet customer demand, and 78 percent said it will make it more difficult for them to use new technologies and increase productivity. “If you’re wrapping 300 Hershey chocolate kisses a minute, you need to know how to use a robot, and if you’re making tiny instruments for medical equipment, you need to understand mechatronics,” says Fred Dedrick, president and chief executive officer of the National Fund for Workforce Solutions, a nonprofit that works with 32 job-training programs across the country. “Some big companies have closed and left devastation, but it’s inaccurate to say there aren’t opportunities in manufacturing,” he says. To ensure that its curriculum meets employers’ needs, KentuckianaWorks, which has an annual budget of about $700,000, enlisted local manufacturers, including Cardinal Aluminum, Ford Motor, and Kellogg, to help design two training programs: the five-week CPT course and a basic two-week version. Both programs are intensive and have trained people age 18-60. Only 56 percent of those who start one stick with it to the end, but those who do usually find jobs quickly. Since 2014, when the training was launched, 973 graduates have been hired at partner companies at an average salary of about $13 an hour. Cindy Read, deputy director of KentuckianaWorks, says most are entry-level production jobs, “but if you’ve had the discipline to train and get credentials, and then you stick it out on a job and are willing to learn, you can move up quickly.” That’s the case at KCC Cos., a metal fabricator with 350 employees that makes commercial roof products and heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning units. The company has hired 10 KentuckianaWorks graduates in the past year. “The basic training they get sets them apart from other entry-level candidates, and once they’re hired we can expand their knowledge,” says Michael Kopp, a KCC recruiter. He attends at least one session of every course to meet trainees and talk about the company. Kopp also keeps in touch with instructors. “Not everyone we’ve hired has worked out,” he says, “but our retention success rate with these trainees is higher than with other hires.” Logsdon, the former auto mechanic who works at Atlas Copco, says he was “as green as you can be” when he started the training, after losing his job with a small family-run repair shop. He’d never worked on a computer and had to learn Windows and Excel quickly, because the curriculum was online. Classes ran from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and there were tests every Friday. “I got more than the CPT certificate. I got confidence, mentoring, and help writing a résumé,” he says. Initially, Atlas Copco, which found Logsdon’s résumé online, offered him a temporary job repairing tools for $17.50 an hour, 30 percent less than what he’d earned as a mechanic. Still, he jumped at the chance to work for a growing company where workers are encouraged to make decisions and, he says, “solve our own problems.” In November, Logsdon was offered a permanent job with benefits. He plans to keep working as long as he can. “I put in 10-hour days here, starting at 5 a.m.,” he says, “and I’ve never been happier in a job.” The bottom line: Over the next decade, as 3.4 million manufacturing jobs become available, a skills gap could result in 2 million staying unfilled. To contact the author of this story: Carol Hymowitz in New York at chymowitz1@bloomberg.net.  To contact the editor responsible for this story: Dimitra Kessenides at dkessenides1@bloomberg.net.  ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Rochester Business Journal Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Log In / Register / Signup for FREE eNewsletters Archive Search Searching   Home News Archive Previous Daily Editions In the Weekly Edition Fast Start Newsroom Contacts Submit News Editorial Calendar E-newsletters News by Industry RBJ Snap Poll On Sports Weather RBJ Extra: 2016 RBJ 75 Rochester Chamber Top 100 2015 RBJ Schools Report Card RBJ 2015 Best of the Web Alumni of Rochester Business Journal Forty Under 40 How the Snap Poll is conducted RBJ Extra: RBJ-Siena Business Leaders Survey 2015 Golisano Children's Hospital 2016 Schools Report Card Opinion Opinion Page RBJ Snap Poll Submit a Letter to the Editor Comment Policy Lists & Research About the Lists Submit a List Survey Order The Book of Lists RBJ List Center Local Stocks Rochester Giving Rochester Economic Profile Databases/Directories Resources Online UVC UNY Startup Map Photos & Multimedia Multimedia Photo Gallery Slideshows Seen Submit Photos Small Business School RBJ Slideshow: Airigami RBJ Slideshow: General Motors Components Holdings LLC RBJ Slideshow: Branca RBJ Slideshow: Zweigle's expanding RBJ Slideshow: Riedman Cos. condominiums RBJ Slideshow: StoneBrook RBJ Slideshow: Bill Gray's Regional Iceplex RBJ Slideshow: 2014 Wealth of Health Awards nominees RBJ Slideshow: New High Point building attracts CooperVision RBJ Slideshow: Fishers Ridge Bass Pro Shops RBJ Slideshow: The Tavern at Clover RBJ Slideshow: Culver Road Armory RBJ Slideshow: Jewish Senior Life RBJ Slideshow: Rochester mourns loss of Glazers Forty Under 40 - 20th anniversary RBJ Slideshow: Crisis of Poverty breakfast RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Wealth of Health event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Financial Executive of the Year award RBJ Slideshow: Garth Fagan's Signature Style RBJ Slideshow: Work to begin in fall on Sibley Building RBJ Slideshow: Toy Halls of Fame at Strong Museum RBJ Slideshow: 2015 RBJ Forty Under 40 event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Best of the Web event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Women's Leadership Summit RBJ Slideshow: 2015 RBJ Forty Under 40 alumni event RBJ Power Breakfast: Rochester's Photonics Future 2016 Wealth of Health Awards RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Greater Rochester Awards RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Best of the Web RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Women's Leadership Summit RBJ Slideshow: 2016 ROC the Future State of Our Children RBJ Slideshow: 2016 RBJ Forty Under 40 awards Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar Sponsorships Classified Advertising Submit Legal Notice Production Services Contact Us Events Upcoming Register Nominate Past RBJ Webinars Charitable Events Calendar Health Care Achievement Awards Financial Executive of the Year Awards RBJ Power Breakfast Series: Rochester's Photonics Future Newsstand The Book of Lists Reprints and Plaques Renew or Pay Your Subscription Update Subscription Details Supplements/Directories Event Registration Retail Locations Subscribe RBJ Weekly Print Edition RBJ Digital Edition Free Six-Week Trial Subscription RBJ E-newsletters Signup Information & Services About the RBJ Contact Us Customer Service FAQ Work for RBJ Editorial Awards Staff Directory This Week Hyatt reborn in June Personal touch key advantage of independent agents Tina Baughman: Driven by an entrepreneurial spirit Repeat business drives dealership’s sales. Chiropractor Melinda Houle helps clients adjust. The Health Care Achievement Awards 2017 supplement. Dynamic redo transforms downtown tower By VELVET SPICER Rochester Business Journal February 17, 2017 Weaving through a steady stream of construction crews that dot the downtown landscape, it is easy to see the area is in the midst of a renewal. What may not be apparent, however, is the equally important revitalization happening inside one iconic building. Situated at the southwest corner of East Main Street and South Clinton Avenue, the Metropolitan—formerly Lincoln Tower and more recently Chase Tower—is undergoing a major overhaul that will improve access to the building as well as interior aesthetics and, more importantly, tenancy in Rochester’s third-largest skyscraper.  The building was the brainchild of architect John Graham, who also designed the Space Needle in Seattle. Lincoln Tower, with its unique white fins arcing 400 feet into the downtown sky, was a $20 million project completed in 1973 for Lincoln First Bank. In 1996, the building was renamed Chase Tower, and it serves as JP Morgan Chase Bank N.A.’s Upstate New York headquarters. For years, however, the 475,000-square-foot structure has remained mostly vacant. In 2015 Gallina Development acquired Chase Tower from JP Morgan Chase and rebranded it the Metropolitan. “I think one of the most significant things is that before the tower was sold to the Gallinas, and before this new redevelopment began, that was a huge, iconic tower that was virtually empty,” said Heidi Zimmer-Meyer, president of Rochester Downtown Development Corp. “It was held by an owner that was out of town. To get it into the hands of a local owner and developer is a different story.” A local owner carries the ability to reshape the building’s economic relevance, she said. Indeed, Gallina is in the process of converting the tower into a dynamic, mixed-use space that will include redesigned office space, exclusive retail and restaurant  space, and high-rise living opportunities in the form of contemporary apartments and luxury condominiums. Gallina paired with Hanlon Architects to develop a new main entrance to the building, with a circular driveway and drop-off point under a modern exterior canopy. The intent was to remove the barrier to the street and provide easy vehicular and pedestrian access to the building. The tower is Gallina’s first mixed-use redevelopment project downtown. The commercial real estate developer has roughly 2.5 million square feet of space, primarily in the Monroe County area. Its first major acquisition downtown was the purchase of One East Avenue in 2012. The Metropolitan already has a number of commercial tenants, including JP Morgan Chase; Forsyth, Howe, O’Dwyer, Kalb & Murphy P.C.; 5Linx Enterprises Inc.; U.S. Employee Benefits Services Group; Datto Inc.; and BrandMint. Datto has announced plans to add 200 jobs at its Metropolitan office. JP Morgan Chase occupies three floors of the building in addition to a Chase Bank branch on the first floor. When completed, the first 15 floors of the 26-floor structure are to contain office space, with apartments occupying floors 16 through 21 and condos from floors 22 through 26. “The tenants that will be in the building will support spending within the region, or in the downtown core,” said Gary Keith, vice president and regional economist at M&T Bank Corp. That, in turn, will create an environment in which investors take notice. “You need tangible examples of investors putting capital at risk, and I think that encourages others,” Keith added. “It’s helpful in terms of making the city more vibrant and attractive to folks that want to live there.” The Metropolitan parcel includes nearly an acre of green space that has been underutilized for years. Gallina has partnered with Bayer Landscape Architecture to redesign the outdoor space. Keith said investments like the one at the Metropolitan have more than an economic effect downtown. “It is certainly something that will affect psychology maybe more than the economy, which is important,” he said. “As people see progress in the city center with development like this, it gives them confidence that things are improving.” That helps with the psychology of spending and investing and doing the kinds of things that grow the economy, Keith added. The Metropolitan and its occupants are in the heart of the new Downtown Innovation Zone, Zimmer-Meyer said. The area is seeing fewer conventional businesses moving downtown and more innovation companies, she said. “We now have four companies in the video game world clustering here,” she said. “It’s happened organically.” With the office portion of the building filled, that will mean good things for future retailers, Zimmer-Meyer noted. “What’s going to happen when this building is finished is it puts people on the street,” she said. “It grows the market, creates more vitality at street level. Every new project increasingly creates an environment that people want to be in.” Zimmer-Meyer also pointed to a plan to add more dining options on the second level of the building that will be convenient to other office buildings and hotels in the area. In addition, RDDC has been working on a kitchen incubator to be housed at the Metropolitan. Some $230,000 in state funding for the project already has been received, and RDDC plans to fundraise for additional monies. The Commissary would allow entrepreneurial chefs to rent industrial kitchens for hours at a time. The Metropolitan renovations mean more options and more housing, which in turn means a bustling city center. “It used to be empty,” Zimmer-Meyer said of Rochester’s downtown core. “The whole dynamic is starting to change when you go outside now. You begin to see more and more people out on the streets.”  2/24/2017 (c) 2017 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or email service@rbj.net. What You're Saying  There are no comments yet. Be the first to add yours! Post Your Own Comment  Username: Password: Not registered? Sign up now!   RBJ Headlines Board to hold health care career event OFD Foods to build $25 million facility, add 30 jobs in Henrietta Rochester doc receives Golisano Global Health Leadership Award New-car sales rev up in February Gas prices here roughly unchanged from last week More Headlines > To Do   Text Size Post A Comment eMail View All Comments Print Reprints E-mailed Commented Viewed Most Viewed Articles Rochester doc receives Golisano Global Health Leadership Award OFD Foods to build $25 million facility, add 30 jobs in Henrietta Rochester Advertising Federation holds ADDYs Semi-finalists selected for 2017 Rochester Venture Challenge Board to hold health care career event Recently Commented Articles Jacobs named editor as RBJ restructures Reconnect Rochester to host screening at the Little Wilmorite proposes project at Schoen Place Omalu isn't afraid to speak his mind about concussions Cultural diversity represented in Rochester Most Emailed Articles There have been no articles emailed within the past week Site Search Site Search RBJ   Google About RBJ  |  Advertising Opportunities  |  Contact Us  |  Customer Service  |  Copyright Notice  |  Privacy Policy  |  Work for RBJ  |  Site Map  |  RSS ©2017 Rochester Business Journal. All rights reserved.
Rochester Business Journal Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Log In / Register / Signup for FREE eNewsletters Archive Search Searching   Home News Archive Previous Daily Editions In the Weekly Edition Fast Start Newsroom Contacts Submit News Editorial Calendar E-newsletters News by Industry RBJ Snap Poll On Sports Weather RBJ Extra: 2016 RBJ 75 Rochester Chamber Top 100 2015 RBJ Schools Report Card RBJ 2015 Best of the Web Alumni of Rochester Business Journal Forty Under 40 How the Snap Poll is conducted RBJ Extra: RBJ-Siena Business Leaders Survey 2015 Golisano Children's Hospital 2016 Schools Report Card Opinion Opinion Page RBJ Snap Poll Submit a Letter to the Editor Comment Policy Lists & Research About the Lists Submit a List Survey Order The Book of Lists RBJ List Center Local Stocks Rochester Giving Rochester Economic Profile Databases/Directories Resources Online UVC UNY Startup Map Photos & Multimedia Multimedia Photo Gallery Slideshows Seen Submit Photos Small Business School RBJ Slideshow: Airigami RBJ Slideshow: General Motors Components Holdings LLC RBJ Slideshow: Branca RBJ Slideshow: Zweigle's expanding RBJ Slideshow: Riedman Cos. condominiums RBJ Slideshow: StoneBrook RBJ Slideshow: Bill Gray's Regional Iceplex RBJ Slideshow: 2014 Wealth of Health Awards nominees RBJ Slideshow: New High Point building attracts CooperVision RBJ Slideshow: Fishers Ridge Bass Pro Shops RBJ Slideshow: The Tavern at Clover RBJ Slideshow: Culver Road Armory RBJ Slideshow: Jewish Senior Life RBJ Slideshow: Rochester mourns loss of Glazers Forty Under 40 - 20th anniversary RBJ Slideshow: Crisis of Poverty breakfast RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Wealth of Health event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Financial Executive of the Year award RBJ Slideshow: Garth Fagan's Signature Style RBJ Slideshow: Work to begin in fall on Sibley Building RBJ Slideshow: Toy Halls of Fame at Strong Museum RBJ Slideshow: 2015 RBJ Forty Under 40 event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Best of the Web event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Women's Leadership Summit RBJ Slideshow: 2015 RBJ Forty Under 40 alumni event RBJ Power Breakfast: Rochester's Photonics Future 2016 Wealth of Health Awards RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Greater Rochester Awards RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Best of the Web RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Women's Leadership Summit RBJ Slideshow: 2016 ROC the Future State of Our Children RBJ Slideshow: 2016 RBJ Forty Under 40 awards Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar Sponsorships Classified Advertising Submit Legal Notice Production Services Contact Us Events Upcoming Register Nominate Past RBJ Webinars Charitable Events Calendar Health Care Achievement Awards Financial Executive of the Year Awards RBJ Power Breakfast Series: Rochester's Photonics Future Newsstand The Book of Lists Reprints and Plaques Renew or Pay Your Subscription Update Subscription Details Supplements/Directories Event Registration Retail Locations Subscribe RBJ Weekly Print Edition RBJ Digital Edition Free Six-Week Trial Subscription RBJ E-newsletters Signup Information & Services About the RBJ Contact Us Customer Service FAQ Work for RBJ Editorial Awards Staff Directory This Week Hyatt reborn in June Personal touch key advantage of independent agents Tina Baughman: Driven by an entrepreneurial spirit Repeat business drives dealership’s sales. Chiropractor Melinda Houle helps clients adjust. The Health Care Achievement Awards 2017 supplement. Business tenants excited about renovations By KERRY FELTNER Rochester Business Journal February 24, 2017 The Metropolitan is home to a cluster of commercial tenants, including technology companies, a law firm, an employee benefits firm, an advertising firm and a bank. Space is available for an additional nine tenants, depending on the size of each company, officials said. The third, fourth and ninth floors of the building are still open for occupancy. The group of tenants is ideal so far, said Lauren Gallina, marketing director for Gallina Development Corp., which acquired the building in 2015. “As a true mixed-use building should be, we have a great mix of demographics with our current tenants,” she said. “We have everyone from the creative class with cutting-edge technology firms, to more traditional suit-and-tie businesses. This provides a great environment for people to work.” The current commercial tenants include Forsythe, Howe, O’Dwyer, Kalb & Murphy P.C.; JPMorgan Chase & Co.; 5Linx Enterprises Inc.; U.S. Employee Benefits Services Group; Datto Inc.; and BrandMint. “When we learned about the plans for the building and walked through the space, we knew we wanted to be part of this vision,” said Tammy Gurowski communications manager of U.S. Employee Benefits Services. “Our firm has always been downtown, so the decision to stay was an easy one. “We believe strongly that the revitalization of downtown Rochester can only be successful with a strong economic core. The plans for mixed use will encourage a sustainable foundation, combining business, residential, retail and restaurant development.” The vision of the Metropolitan has helped excite current tenants for the future, Gallina said. The building’s renovations are anticipated to be completed in late spring to early summer. “Our commercial tenants are excited to be a part of the changes going on in the building,” she said. “They don’t mind the construction because they know what is on the other side. Many have worked in the building for a long time and are happy to come into work every day to see what is new. We appreciate our tenants’ patience with us as we continue to make improvements, and are grateful they are able to share in our vision.” Some features of the Metropolitan that are attractive to tenants include valet parking, the views of downtown Rochester, proximity to local sites such as the East End, and being situated in the center of the city. “When we travel to other cities and see the vibrancy and quality of life that’s available, we hope to see that vitality back in downtown Rochester,” Gurowski said. “Being a tenant at the Metropolitan is our commitment to the investments being made in our city. We’re at the epicenter of our future.” Being part of the transformation of the heart of Rochester is a reason why Datto has moved into the Metropolitan, said Robert Poltrino, Rochester operations manager of the firm. “The Metropolitan building is going through a massive overhaul and at Datto we were impressed with Gallina Development’s approach to the improvements,” Poltrino said. “Our focus is attracting the best possible talent while also helping to rejuvenate downtown Rochester. The proximity to RIT, the University of Rochester and SUNY schools meets this criterion for Datto. “Overall, downtown is transforming to a true metropolitan city with mixed-use buildings, restaurants and entertainment. It was a natural fit for Datto.” The flexibility of Gallina Development has helped tenants make their mark on their workspace.  “Gallina Development has been a tremendous partner in the way they listen to our vision for how we want to transform the space,” Poltrino said. “They are helpful in the way they make suggestions for potential additional amenities. This will provide our employees with an amazing work experience.” The law firm Forsythe, Howe, O’Dwyer, Kalb & Murphy has been downtown for all 67 years of its operation. The firm has signed a three-year lease with Gallina Development. “We represent a lot of banks, and so we have a lot of mortgage borrowers who need to close their loans, and they don’t want to come downtown because they don’t know where to park or where to go,” said Duncan O’Dwyer, partner of the firm. “And once Andy (Gallina) has this valet parking they’ll be able to drive up to the front door and come in and close the loan right on Clinton Avenue. We love being downtown.” The transformation of the building will pay off, O’Dwyer said. “Andy is spending a ton of money on this building to bring it up to be a first-class operation,” he said. “It’s going to bring a lot of life to downtown. It will be a wonderful thing for the city of Rochester. He’s taking risk but I think it will be good risk; it will pay off in the end.” The changes are exciting to be part of, Datto’s Poltrino said. “Datto is thrilled to be a part of the transformation and looks forward to what is already in the works,” he said. “The entire Gallina Development family has embraced Datto and is always available to support their tenants. As we move into the future our relationship will only strengthen.” While the tenant mix is strong, it will take more companies to believe in the downtown area and the Metropolitan for true success long term. Rochestarians need to get excited about the center city again, Lauren Gallina said. “We think that office space is still a vital part of what will make our downtown continue to grow,” she said. “The focus right now is on a lot of the residential coming online, but the office market is still quite anemic. “We must continue to work together to attract businesses to our downtown, because they want to be a part of the revitalization and the excitement that is happening all around, and an experience that they can’t have in a suburban office park.” 2/24/2017 (c) 2017 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or email service@rbj.net.  What You're Saying  There are no comments yet. Be the first to add yours! Post Your Own Comment  Username: Password: Not registered? Sign up now!   RBJ Headlines Board to hold health care career event OFD Foods to build $25 million facility, add 30 jobs in Henrietta Rochester doc receives Golisano Global Health Leadership Award New-car sales rev up in February Gas prices here roughly unchanged from last week More Headlines > To Do   Text Size Post A Comment eMail View All Comments Print Reprints E-mailed Commented Viewed Most Viewed Articles Rochester doc receives Golisano Global Health Leadership Award OFD Foods to build $25 million facility, add 30 jobs in Henrietta Rochester Advertising Federation holds ADDYs Semi-finalists selected for 2017 Rochester Venture Challenge Board to hold health care career event Recently Commented Articles Jacobs named editor as RBJ restructures Reconnect Rochester to host screening at the Little Wilmorite proposes project at Schoen Place Omalu isn't afraid to speak his mind about concussions Cultural diversity represented in Rochester Most Emailed Articles There have been no articles emailed within the past week Site Search Site Search RBJ   Google About RBJ  |  Advertising Opportunities  |  Contact Us  |  Customer Service  |  Copyright Notice  |  Privacy Policy  |  Work for RBJ  |  Site Map  |  RSS ©2017 Rochester Business Journal. All rights reserved.
Just In 16mins Airtel hits back at Jio on speed ad with Ookla backing 18mins Sri Lankan Navy arrests 10 Indian fishermen 47mins Coast Guard helicopter suffers damage in hard landing 59mins Jadeja pips Ashwin for top spot in ICC Test bowlers' rankings 1hr Idea Cellular shares extend fall; down nearly 8% 1hr US begins process to revoke citizenship of Pakistani-American 1hr Robert Downey Jr to star as ‘Doctor Dolittle’ in new movie 1hr Australia again denounced for treatment of Aborigines as UN investigates 1hr Ayodhya issue sensitive, should be settled amicably: SC 1hr Nettle Infra to buy 21.6 pc stake in Bharti Infratel 2hrs David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 2hrs Probe finds IFC investment in Tata Power project breaching norms 2hrs Been a strange journey on GoT, says Kit Harington 2hrs Doval visiting U.S. this week, to meet Defence Secretary 2hrs China: Australia should look beyond the nations’ differences Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Finance firms embrace cloud, ‘fat fingers’ notwithstanding Share On JUST IN 16mins Airtel hits back at Jio on speed ad with Ookla backing 18mins Sri Lankan Navy arrests 10 Indian fishermen 47mins Coast Guard helicopter suffers damage in hard landing 59mins Jadeja pips Ashwin for top spot in ICC Test bowlers' rankings 1hr Idea Cellular shares extend fall; down nearly 8% 1hr US begins process to revoke citizenship of Pakistani-American 1hr Robert Downey Jr to star as ‘Doctor Dolittle’ in new movie 1hr Australia again denounced for treatment of Aborigines as UN investigates 1hr Ayodhya issue sensitive, should be settled amicably: SC 1hr Nettle Infra to buy 21.6 pc stake in Bharti Infratel 2hrs David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 2hrs Probe finds IFC investment in Tata Power project breaching norms 2hrs Been a strange journey on GoT, says Kit Harington 2hrs Doval visiting U.S. this week, to meet Defence Secretary 2hrs China: Australia should look beyond the nations’ differences CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Hate-crimes against Indians Business Business Finance firms embrace cloud, ‘fat fingers’ notwithstanding Reuters NEW YORK March 18, 2017 22:20 IST Updated: March 18, 2017 22:20 IST Share Article PRINT A A A storage server in the cloud   Reuters NEW YORK March 18, 2017 22:20 IST Updated: March 18, 2017 22:20 IST more-in Providers have been able to assure clients the systems save cost and are safer too Only two years ago, an outage similar to the one that struck Amazon’s cloud services last month would have reinforced U.S. financial firms’ view that shifting data and systems onto the public cloud was just too risky. The fact that the Feb. 28 shutdown had no visible impact on the industry’s use of cloud services goes to show how far it has progressed since then in embracing the cloud after nearly a decade of hesitation. That change of heart came after providers Amazon Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google took steps to assure financial firms and regulators that the cloud not only made tech systems cheaper and faster, but also more reliable and secure than their own server-filled warehouses. The benefits are so unquestionable that last month’s outage caused by an employee who typed in a wrong code was barely a bump on the road to the cloud and merely a reminder that no technology is foolproof, financial executives, Silicon Valley vendors and analysts who work with them said. ‘Just tools’ “You can’t just say if you use Amazon you get the magic cloud sauce and everything will work perfectly,” said Yevgeniy Brikman, the co-founder of Gruntwork, a start-up that helps big companies deploy cloud services. “And similarly that if you use your own data centre that somehow magically everything will work perfectly. These are just tools.” The payoffs of using the cloud are clear for an industry engaged in rounds of relentless cost-cutting. Calculations performed by IDC Financial Insights show the biggest global banks saving $15 billion by 2019 from cloud adoption, cutting technology infrastructure costs by 25 %. About two thirds of global financial firms will be using cloud services in a significant way by next year, IDC predicts. Developing an application on the cloud can help reduce the time it takes to launch from 89 days to 15 days, according to McKinsey & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Capital One Financial Corp. and Liberty Mutual Insurance Co. are already using shared cloud services from large vendors, executives and spokespeople said. So are institutions such as Nasdaq Inc., The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the brokerage industry watchdog. Amazon is the biggest provider with 40% of public cloud business, according to Synergy Research. That market totalled $7 billion in the fourth quarter, and is growing at an annual rate of 50%. FINRA now runs 90% of its critical applications, including market surveillance, on Amazon’s cloud, saving $20 million annually. “The capability and flexibility to recover quickly is much greater, and it is far more cost-efficient than operating your own geographically dispersed data centres,” said spokesman Ray Pellecchia. Cost savings alone would not have been enough to lure big financial firms. For years, the industry sat on the sidelines due to concerns about data security and regulatory compliance as other corporations took advantage of the cloud’s benefits. Silicon Valley took notice and made changes. Trucking data For instance, Amazon has expanded its number and locations of data centres around the world to allow customers to choose a particular centre to comply with different countries’ privacy rules. Customers can also get dedicated servers to avoid sharing them, or can access information through private networks. In late-November Amazon introduced the “Snowmobile,” a tamper-resistant 45-foot (13.72 m) container pulled by a semi-trailer truck that securely transports customers’ servers to its own data centres. Amazon customers can also set up systems to automatically shift to another data centre within its 16 global regions if an outage occurs. That minimized the impact of the recent outage, four financial customers said. George Brady, who heads shared technology operations at Capital One, said the bank believed big tech companies had “controls for public cloud that are as good or better than capabilities we would provide.” He was speaking before the outage, but later said the bank had factored in occasional glitches and remained committed to the cloud. Capital One builds all new applications on the cloud and plans to cut its data centres from eight to three by next year. John Madsen, co-head of technology at Goldman Sachs, said his bank has worked with vendors to ensure cloud networks were secure and reliable, and was satisfied with the results. “We’ve had a lot of success with those efforts,” he said. Customers, regulators and lawyers acknowledge that cloud failures could, in theory, wreak havoc. That is why large financial institutions have mostly kept highly sensitive data off the cloud and have back-up plans, like using multiple vendors. An apocalyptic scenario where many data centres fail at the same time is highly unlikely, they say. Post a Comment More In Industry Business finance (general) Related Articles << Previous Story Gujarat beats Maharashtra in investment Next Story >> Gold prices go up only slightly, buying saves the day Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Mar 21, 2017 1:50:33 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/finance-firms-embrace-cloud-fat-fingers-notwithstanding/article17529225.ece © The Hindu Three things to know about buybacks There’s more to buybacks than what meets the eye. Make sure you understand the finer details Parvatha Vardhini C Top Picks in The Hindu today Jadeja pips Ashwin for top spot in ICC Test bowlers' rankings Irom Sharmila wants to forge a platform against AFSPA Noted plastic surgeon commits suicide in Bengaluru Six decades of EU evolution ‘Music should be free of boundaries’ Watch: Karthi and Aditi on 'Kaatru Veliyidai', Mani Ratnam and more Quarrying destroying Konni hills Paying ‘Kanyashulkam’ in the hope of SCCL job Bear cubs sighted at Daroji sanctuary Ganga, Yamuna termed ‘living persons’ Close X Next Story >> Gold prices go up only slightly, buying saves the day CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech Elections THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States American CEO Confidence Hits Multiyear High By Paul Ausick March 14, 2017 12:15 pm EDT Print Email Tweet U.S. chief executives are more positive about the country’s economic outlook than they have been since the fourth quarter of 2009. The Business Roundtable CEO Economic Outlook Index rose from 74.2 in the fourth quarter of last year to 93.3 in the current quarter, the first time in seven quarters that the index has risen above its historical average of 79.8. CEOs who were surveyed also posted an 18-point gain in the subindex that measures plans for future hiring. Increases of 21.0 and 18.4 points were also posted in the sales expectations and capital expenditure subindexes, respectively. Jamie Dimon, chairman of the Business Roundtable and CEO and chairman of JPMorgan, said: I am enthusiastic about the opportunity to enact a meaningful pro growth agenda that will benefit all Americans. As these results confirm, business confidence and optimism have increased dramatically. Our CEOs are committed to working collaboratively with policymakers to drive policy solutions, starting with far-reaching tax reform and a smarter approach to regulation. In the three categories surveyed — sales expectations, capital spending and employment — more than three-quarters of CEOs expected sales to rise in the next six months, up from two-thirds in the fourth-quarter 2016 survey. Nearly half (46%) plan to increase capital spending in the next six months, up from 35% in the fourth-quarter survey, and 41% say they plan to increase employment, up from 35% in the prior quarter. The first-quarter 2017 survey was conducted between February 8 and March 1, 2017, and responses were received from 141 member CEOs. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Top 3 Earnings Reports Coming Out Wednesday Business Roundtable CEOs Express Pessimism on GDP » Read more: Economy, Corporate Governance, Research Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Richest Countries in the World America's Fastest Growing Beer Brands America's Six-Figure Jobs The Most (and Least) Dependable Car Brands Beers Americans No Longer Drink Recent Monday’s Biggest Winner and Loser in the S&P500 Target, Penney’s Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Apple, Disney Lead DJIA Higher Monday Why Yelp Shares Remain a Bargain Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140 -- What's Next? The Qualcomm Merger Does Not Make NXP Semiconductors a Buy Anymore April platinum slides 1.14% to $961.30 an ounce May copper down 1.3% to $2.63 a pound Tesoro Logistics started at buy with $62 stock price target at SunTrust RH Twitter Bot Scandal Puts Further Pressure On CEO Jack Dorsey Top Research Reports for Merck, GE and Others Novartis (NVS) Announces Positive Data on Heart Failure Drug Asian shares at 21-month highs, dollar soft on Fed views Wal-Mart to launch investment arm in e-commerce push Hyundai Motor shares hit 22-month high on restructuring hope China Shares Edge Up Account Openings Decline at Wells Fargo Japan's Nikkei Falls to 1-1/2-Week Low as Softbank Slides Lawsuit Accuses Ivanka Trump Company Of Unfairly Profiting From White House Neil Gorsuch Allegedly Said Women Abuse Maternity Leave. That's A Big Problem. Stephen Hawking Teaches Piers Morgan A Valuable Lesson In Gender Equality Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Rates up, banks up Charles McGrath | March 17, 2017 1:05 pm | Updated 1:10 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart Emerging markets debt ETFs gaining assets View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top-Performing Money Managers: Fixed Income View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO Face to face with Tom Tull, Employees Retirement System of Texas View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 21, 4:00 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Companies Benefiting From Trump: Defense Contractors, Big Banks And Polluters See Share Prices React To Budget Release By Lydia O'Neal @LydsONeal On 03/18/17 AT 8:00 AM Close Following the release of President Donald Trump’s fiscal year 2018 budget proposal Thursday, markets exhibited mixed reactions, with megabanks seeing immediate spikes in the hours after the morning release of the plan, large corporate sources of pollution winning modest gains and defense companies nosediving, only to climb swiftly Friday. The draft budget requested substantial cuts to 15 federal agencies while boosting funds for three. Read: Trump’s Budget Plan Increases Funding To Combat Immigration, Hurts Local Law Enforcement After the Treasury Department, a major financial industry regulator, saw its proposed funding reduced to its lowest level in more than two decades, the share prices of several of America’s biggest banks spiked, only to drop substantially in value Friday. Bank of America Corp. (BAC) shot up 0.8 percent in the first half hour of trading Thursday, while Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) rose 0.7 percent and both Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) jumped 0.6 percent over the same thirty minute period. All four fell substantially Friday, closing at, respectively, $24.96, $243.90, $58.66 and $90.66.   Compared to the megabanks, defense firm shares saw an inverse movement amid news that the proposed budget increased military spending by nearly 9 percent to its highest level since 2012. Northrop Grumman Corp. (NOC) dropped 1.5 percent Thursday, while fellow defense contractors Lockheed Martin Corp. (LMT), Boeing Co. (BA), Raytheon Co. (RTN) and General Dynamics Corp. (GD) fell by between 0.5 and 0.9 percent, only to skyrocket to a full recovery by market close on Friday. The sudden drop may have been a result of shattered expectations for military spending, as defense hawks in Congress such as Sen. John McCain of Arizona criticized the budget proposal. Read: Defense Company Stocks Rise After New Spending Plan Announced From Trump Administration Ahead Of Address Before Joint Session Of Congress In the hours after news surfaced that the Environmental Protection Agency would see nearly a third of its funding slashed, drawing its budget down to the lowest level in history, major corporate polluters saw temporary share price gains. Alcoa Corporation (AA) and German pharmaceuticals firm Bayer AG (BAYN.DE), two of the world’s top air polluters, according to the University of Massachusetts Amherst’s Political Economy Research Institute, saw respective share price growth of 1.6 percent and1.3 percent in the aftermath of the budget proposal’s release Thursday. Both fell back toward their pre-budget levels by Friday afternoon, with Alcoa finishing the trading day at $34.96 and Bayer hitting $106.85 by market close. One of the oil and gas sector’s top methane emitters and the former and only workplace of Rex Tillerson, Trump’s appointee for secretary of state, ExxonMobil Corp. (XOM) saw a modest increase of a third of a percent in the wake of the budget release, only to level off Friday for a market close of $82. Related Stories Trump Budget To Hurt New York Counterterrorism Funding Trump Budget Cuts Millions From Small Business Administration Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Will Trump Winery Be Affected By President's Immigration Policy? The vineyard has applied for 29 H-2A visas for workers who will tend vines. Technology YouTube Promises To Fix LGBTQ Censorship "We’re sorry and we’re going to fix it," Johanna Wright, vice president, product management at YouTube, said Monday. World Record-Breaking Climate Change Affecting Earth: WMO Report David Carlson, World Climate Research Programme director, said that "remarkable changes across the planet that are challenging the limits of our understanding of the climate system." National Trump Jr. Reacts To Chelsea Handler's Tweet On Eric's Child "Attacking the announcement of someone’s first pregnancy would seem below the belt to most, but sadly that’s no longer the case. So much for the party of science," Donald Trump Jr. said. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Magazine Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Magazine World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Authors Shop Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK Analysis Edit 'Tis the season for medical bills. Here's how to prepare. The Week Staff iStock/AndrijTer March 18, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up for Our free email newsletters 10 things you need to know today Today's best articles Today's top cartoons The good news newsletter The week's best photojournalism Daily business briefing Here are three of the week's top pieces of financial advice, gathered from around the web: It's the season for medical bills "Medical expenses are a burden whenever they hit, but a recent study found they're most common around this time of year," said Sarah Skidmore Sell at the Associated Press. One in six families makes a major medical payment in any given year, most occurring in the first few months, according to the JPMorgan Chase Institute. The average payment is $1,143, and it takes most households "more than a year to recover from the hit." To help cover costs, set up an emergency savings fund. "Two-thirds of Americans would have difficulty coming up with the money to cover a $1,000 emergency." Make sure to read any bills you receive carefully — about half of medical bills contain errors, so you might be paying for treatments and services you didn't receive. Switching to a single income Are you or your partner "dreaming of the day when you can stay home with the kids?" asked Maryalene LaPonsie at US News. If so, plan your finances carefully before making "the leap from being a dual-income to a single-income household." Couples should focus on paying off as much debt as possible before the transition, especially car loans and credit cards. "A mortgage may be worth keeping since current rates are so low and interest can be deducted on itemized returns." Retirement plans also need to be addressed, because even a nonworking spouse should be saving money for the future. Look into opening a spousal IRA for the nonworking partner. And before anyone quits a job, "sit down and create a realistic budget." Where's my auto 401(k)? Automatically enrolling workers in company-backed 401(k) plans has been hailed as an effective way to get more Americans saving for retirement, said Dan Kadlec at Money. But so far, few workers have access to these schemes. The problem lies with the nation's small businesses, which employ about half of U.S. workers. Just 33 percent of companies with 25 to 49 workers, and 20 percent of firms with 10 to 24 employees, offer 401(k)-type plans, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. In contrast, 93 percent of companies with 10,000-plus employees offer these plans. What's more, only 12.1 percent of firms with fewer than 500 workers offer auto-enrollment 401(k) plans. "If we're counting on auto enrollment to solve the retirement savings crisis, we should probably find a way to hook in more small businesses." Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT SHARE!   Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. More business articles See All The basic economic error in the GOP's health-care plan Jeff Spross This is women's work Lauren Hansen Can President Trump rescue the Rust Belt? The Week Staff Most popular See All 1 CNN Russia expert says RT was alone in not covering James Comey's Trump testimony. Jake Tapper notes Fox News wasn't, either. Peter Weber 2 Judge Andrew Napolitano pulled from Fox News over wiretap claims Catherine Garcia 3 Seth Meyers recaps the amazing, surprisingly expected House hearing on Trump and Russia Peter Weber Around the web Powered By ZergNet More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanchez Energy Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanchez Energy Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set Sanchez Energy Corp (SN) PT at $13.68 March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Sanchez Energy Corp (NYSE:SN) have been assigned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the sixteen analysts that are presently covering the firm. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12-month price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $13.77. SN has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Sanchez Energy Corp from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $8.75 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. KLR Group downgraded Sanchez Energy Corp from an “accumulate” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $9.00 target price for the company. in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $11.00 target price on shares of Sanchez Energy Corp in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $10.00 target price on shares of Sanchez Energy Corp in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity set a $11.00 target price on Sanchez Energy Corp and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. In other Sanchez Energy Corp news, Chairman Antonio R. Sanchez, Jr. sold 82,573 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.70, for a total transaction of $718,385.10. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 1,661,236 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,452,753.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, COO Christopher Heinson sold 22,912 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.70, for a total value of $199,334.40. Following the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 582,265 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,065,705.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 210,741 shares of company stock valued at $1,838,562. 15.32% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bogle Investment Management L P DE acquired a new position in Sanchez Energy Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $5,248,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Sanchez Energy Corp by 1.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,060,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,378,000 after buying an additional 14,336 shares during the last quarter. Oxford Asset Management acquired a new position in Sanchez Energy Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,081,000. Convergence Investment Partners LLC acquired a new position in Sanchez Energy Corp during the third quarter valued at about $552,000. Finally, Northpointe Capital LLC boosted its position in Sanchez Energy Corp by 798.3% in the third quarter. Northpointe Capital LLC now owns 628,432 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,555,000 after buying an additional 558,471 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 60.56% of the company’s stock. Shares of Sanchez Energy Corp (NYSE:SN) opened at 9.57 on Monday. Sanchez Energy Corp has a one year low of $4.65 and a one year high of $14.39. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $11.73 and a 200 day moving average price of $9.45. The firm’s market capitalization is $570.65 million. Sanchez Energy Corp (NYSE:SN) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.06. The firm earned $126 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $139.07 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.04 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 14.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Sanchez Energy Corp will post $0.66 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: About Sanchez Energy Corp Sanchez Energy Corporation is an independent exploration and production company. The Company is focused on the acquisition and development of unconventional oil and natural gas resources in the onshore United States Gulf Coast. The Company focuses on the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas and the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale (TMS) in Mississippi and Louisiana. Receive News & Ratings for Sanchez Energy Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanchez Energy Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Viewpoint Building the Business Your Clients Desire In the world of financial advisory practices, the chief drivers of enterprise value are organizational not financial By Ray Sclafani Biography March 18, 2017 1:21 a.m. ET Apple and Google, the world’s most valuable brands, attained their status by delivering products and services that their clients desire, rather than what they need. Prior to Apple’s launch of the iPod, for instance, the average consumer only dreamed of carrying his entire music library in his pocket. There is a lesson here for financial advisors: the importance of building enterprise value. The economics scholars among you might remember the formula for enterprise value: market cap plus debt, minority interest, and... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Alibaba Could Become The Next Cloud Superstar Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 5 Ways to Invest in Water Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Kill the Border Adjustment Tax Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Are Investors Too Bullish About the Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Down Day for Canada Goose 2 The Fundamentals of Advisory Teaming 3 How to Guarantee Financial Freedom Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fresnillo Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fresnillo Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Set Fresnillo Plc (FRES) PT at $1,335.00 March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Fresnillo Plc (LON:FRES) has been given a consensus recommendation of “Hold” by the eleven research firms that are presently covering the firm. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12 month target price among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 1,345.50 ($16.45). Several research analysts have recently commented on FRES shares. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,840 ($22.50) price objective on shares of Fresnillo Plc in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Barclays PLC decreased their price objective on Fresnillo Plc from GBX 1,760 ($21.52) to GBX 1,400 ($17.12) and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Deutsche Bank AG decreased their price objective on Fresnillo Plc from GBX 1,320 ($16.14) to GBX 1,150 ($14.06) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Numis Securities Ltd downgraded Fresnillo Plc to a “hold” rating and set a GBX 1,500 ($18.34) price objective on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on Fresnillo Plc from GBX 1,600 ($19.56) to GBX 1,650 ($20.17) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Your IP Address: Fresnillo Plc (LON:FRES) opened at 1511.00 on Monday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 11.13 billion. Fresnillo Plc has a one year low of GBX 892.00 and a one year high of GBX 2,057.21. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 1,473.35 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,473.85. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be paid a dividend of GBX 0.22 ($0.00) per share. This represents a yield of 1.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This is an increase from Fresnillo Plc’s previous dividend of $0.03. Fresnillo Plc Company Profile Fresnillo plc is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in the mining and beneficiation of non-ferrous minerals, and the sale of related production. The primary contents of this production include silver, gold, lead and zinc. The Company has six operating mines: Fresnillo, located in the State of Zacatecas, which is primary silver mine; Saucito, located in the State of Zacatecas, an underground silver mine; Cienega, located in the State of Durango, an underground gold mine, including the San Ramon satellite mine; Herradura, located in the State of Sonora, a surface gold mine; Soledad-Dipolos mine, located in the State of Sonora, a surface gold mine, and Noche Buena, located in State of Sonora, a surface gold mine. Receive News & Ratings for Fresnillo Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fresnillo Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Clearside Biomedical Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.38) Per Share (CLSD) Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) – Wedbush lowered their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for Clearside Biomedical in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. Wedbush analyst L. Moussatos now forecasts that the brokerage will earn ($0.38) per share for the quarter, down from their prior estimate of ($0.33). Wedbush currently has a “Outperform” rating and a $27.00 target price on the stock. Wedbush also issued estimates for Clearside Biomedical’s Q2 2017 earnings at ($0.39) EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at ($0.39) EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at ($0.39) EPS, FY2017 earnings at ($1.56) EPS, FY2018 earnings at ($1.90) EPS, FY2019 earnings at ($1.89) EPS and FY2020 earnings at ($0.10) EPS. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. Needham & Company LLC lowered their target price on shares of Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday. Cowen and Company reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Clearside Biomedical from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 target price on the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $21.80. Your IP Address: Shares of Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) opened at 6.93 on Friday. Clearside Biomedical has a 52 week low of $5.44 and a 52 week high of $25.08. The company has a 50-day moving average of $7.51 and a 200 day moving average of $12.43. The firm’s market capitalization is $147.95 million. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, March 14th. The company reported ($0.45) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.33) by $0.12. In other news, insider Venture Advisors Iii Hatteras sold 25,301 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.63, for a total value of $218,347.63. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $6.56, for a total transaction of $449,261.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 230,756 shares of company stock worth $1,770,922 in the last three months. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Perceptive Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth approximately $6,365,000. Marshall Wace LLP raised its position in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 181.1% in the fourth quarter. Marshall Wace LLP now owns 449,820 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,021,000 after buying an additional 289,820 shares during the last quarter. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al bought a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,184,000. Orbimed Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,682,000. Finally, Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the third quarter worth approximately $10,410,000. 33.52% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Clearside Biomedical Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) Receives GBX 237.38 Consensus PT from Analysts Next » US Capital Advisors Brokers Lift Earnings Estimates for Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Saturday. According to Zacks, “OMA operates and manages 13 international airports in the north and central regions of Mexico. OMA’s airports serve Monterrey, México’s third largest metropolitan area, the tourist destinations of Acapulco, Mazatlan, and Zihuatanejo, and nine other regional centers and border cities. OMA’s airports fulfill international safety norms and have received environmental compliance certificates. Their corporate name is Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V., and they serve their passengers, their airlines, and their business partners under the commercial name OMA. “ A number of other brokerages have also commented on OMAB. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Scotiabank lowered shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating in a report on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $76.33. Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) opened at 40.97 on Friday. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort has a 12-month low of $30.05 and a 12-month high of $53.58. The company has a market capitalization of $2.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.16 and a beta of 0.98. The company has a 50 day moving average of $37.57 and a 200-day moving average of $40.49. Your IP Address: A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of OMAB. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort during the fourth quarter worth approximately $203,000. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 41.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 14,433 shares of the company’s stock worth $499,000 after buying an additional 4,210 shares in the last quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK raised its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 2,810,462 shares of the company’s stock worth $97,074,000 after buying an additional 100,600 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort during the fourth quarter worth approximately $9,200,000. Finally, Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort by 14.3% in the third quarter. Mirae Asset Global Investments Co. Ltd. now owns 17,465 shares of the company’s stock worth $822,000 after buying an additional 2,185 shares in the last quarter. 10.80% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Company Profile Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, SAB. de C.V. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds concessions to operate, maintain and develop over 10 airports in Mexico. The Company’s segments include Metropolitan, Tourist, Regional, Border, Hotel and Other. The Company also engages in various commercial and diversification activities conducted at its airports, such as the leasing of space to restaurants and retailers, the operation of parking facilities, and the operation of the NH Terminal 2 Hotel and the Hilton Garden Inn Hotel at the Monterrey airport. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous US Capital Advisors Brokers Lift Earnings Estimates for Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Next » Vina Concha y Toro SA (vco) to Issue Dividend of $0.08 on March 27th Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Hallador Energy Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hallador Energy Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Hallador Energy Co (HNRG) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.09 Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Hallador Energy Co (NASDAQ:HNRG) – Equities research analysts at FBR & Co issued their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Hallador Energy in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. FBR & Co analyst L. Pipes anticipates that the brokerage will earn $0.09 per share for the quarter. FBR & Co currently has a “Outperform” rating and a $11.00 price objective on the stock. FBR & Co also issued estimates for Hallador Energy’s Q2 2017 earnings at $0.09 EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at $0.07 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.05 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $0.05 EPS. Your IP Address: Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised Hallador Energy from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Hallador Energy (NASDAQ:HNRG) opened at 8.24 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $242.35 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.76 and a beta of -0.19. Hallador Energy has a 12 month low of $3.95 and a 12 month high of $10.40. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $8.93 and a 200-day moving average price of $8.63. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its position in Hallador Energy by 76.9% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 1,132,813 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,929,000 after buying an additional 492,337 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Hallador Energy by 98.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 214,017 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,686,000 after buying an additional 106,427 shares during the last quarter. Robotti Robert increased its position in Hallador Energy by 2.2% in the third quarter. Robotti Robert now owns 46,431 shares of the company’s stock worth $365,000 after buying an additional 1,007 shares during the last quarter. BSW Wealth Partners purchased a new position in Hallador Energy during the third quarter worth about $139,000. Finally, Eagle Global Advisors LLC increased its position in Hallador Energy by 93.4% in the third quarter. Eagle Global Advisors LLC now owns 67,830 shares of the company’s stock worth $535,000 after buying an additional 32,760 shares during the last quarter. 50.34% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, February 17th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, January 31st were given a dividend of $0.04 per share. This represents a $0.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.94%. The ex-dividend date was Friday, January 27th. Hallador Energy’s payout ratio is 28.57%. About Hallador Energy Hallador Energy Company is an oil and gas exploration company focused on developing coal reserves in the Illinois Basin. The Company, through its subsidiary, Sunrise Coal, LLC, is engaged in coal mining in the state of Indiana serving the electric power generation industry. Its projects include Carlisle Mine, Ace in the Hole Mine, Oaktown 1 Mine, Oaktown 2 Mine and Bulldog Mine. Receive News & Ratings for Hallador Energy Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hallador Energy Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Finish Line Inc (FINL) Receives $20.82 Consensus PT from Brokerages Next » William Blair Weighs in on Global Payments Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GPN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing WABCO Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WABCO Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Receives $118.90 Average Price Target from Brokerages Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet WABCO Holdings Inc. (NYSE:WBC) has been given an average recommendation of “Buy” by the fifteen brokerages that are currently covering the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year target price among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $118.90. WBC has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Piper Jaffray Companies raised shares of WABCO Holdings from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $129.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. TheStreet lowered shares of WABCO Holdings from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of WABCO Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. BMO Capital Markets lowered shares of WABCO Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $120.00 to $115.00 in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised shares of WABCO Holdings from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $128.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. In other news, insider Nicolas Bardot sold 2,592 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $114.60, for a total value of $297,043.20. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 3,952 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $452,899.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 0.79% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC increased its stake in WABCO Holdings by 348.2% in the third quarter. Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC now owns 1,042,419 shares of the company’s stock valued at $118,345,000 after buying an additional 809,838 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in WABCO Holdings by 90.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,033,610 shares of the company’s stock valued at $117,346,000 after buying an additional 491,140 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in WABCO Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at $39,809,000. Harding Loevner LP bought a new stake in WABCO Holdings during the third quarter valued at $26,395,000. Finally, Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. bought a new stake in WABCO Holdings during the third quarter valued at $24,631,000. Your IP Address: Shares of WABCO Holdings (NYSE:WBC) opened at 117.00 on Wednesday. WABCO Holdings has a 1-year low of $84.48 and a 1-year high of $118.50. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $114.31 and its 200 day moving average is $107.79. The stock has a market capitalization of $6.38 billion, a P/E ratio of 29.40 and a beta of 1.77. WABCO Holdings (NYSE:WBC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, February 17th. The company reported $1.47 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.44 by $0.03. WABCO Holdings had a net margin of 9.34% and a return on equity of 39.77%. The company earned $713.70 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $699.60 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.43 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that WABCO Holdings will post $5.90 EPS for the current fiscal year. WABCO Holdings Company Profile WABCO Holdings Inc is a supplier of electronic, mechanical, electro-mechanical and aerodynamic products for various manufacturers. The Company engineers, develops, manufactures and sells systems controlling braking, stability, suspension, transmission automation, as well transmission automation and air management systems for commercial vehicles. Receive News & Ratings for WABCO Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WABCO Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Brokers Set Expectations for RadNet Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (RDNT) Next » Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Receives $106.74 Average Target Price from Brokerages Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pearson plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pearson plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set Pearson plc (PSON) Price Target at $709.33 March 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Pearson plc (LON:PSON) has received an average rating of “Hold” from the twenty-one analysts that are covering the company. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, ten have assigned a hold recommendation and seven have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12-month price target among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 709.33 ($8.67). PSON has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a GBX 730 ($8.93) target price on shares of Pearson plc in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a GBX 710 ($8.68) target price on shares of Pearson plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised their target price on shares of Pearson plc from GBX 708 ($8.66) to GBX 808 ($9.88) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Barclays PLC decreased their target price on shares of Pearson plc from GBX 740 ($9.05) to GBX 550 ($6.72) and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their target price on shares of Pearson plc from GBX 955 ($11.68) to GBX 940 ($11.49) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Your IP Address: Shares of Pearson plc (LON:PSON) opened at 650.00 on Wednesday. The company’s market cap is GBX 5.29 billion. Pearson plc has a 1-year low of GBX 552.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 989.50. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 655.43 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 748.25. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of GBX 34 ($0.42) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 5.18%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This is a boost from Pearson plc’s previous dividend of $18.00. Pearson plc Company Profile Pearson plc (Pearson) is an international education and media company. The Company has operations in the education, business information and consumer publishing markets. The Company operates through three segments: North America, Core and Growth. The North American business serves educators and students in the United States and Canada from early education through elementary, middle and high schools and into higher education with a range of products and services, such as courseware, assessments and services. Receive News & Ratings for Pearson plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pearson plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Altisource Residential Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Altisource Residential Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PLDT Inc (PHI) Given $29.43 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Brokerages Set $34.50 Target Price for Materion Corp (MTRN) Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) PT Lowered to C$17.00 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Scotiabank Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Penn West Petroleum Ltd (PWT) Nestle SA (NESN) PT Set at CHF 68 by Macquarie Dalradian Resources Inc (DNA) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Zoetis Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ZTS) Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Reaches New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc (CRBP) Trading Up 7.8% After Insider Buying Activity Gridsum Holding Inc -‘s Lock-Up Period To Expire Tomorrow (NASDAQ:GSUM) Foundation Building Materials Inc’s (FBM) Quiet Period Will End Tomorrow Costco Wholesale Co. Same Store Sales Grow 4% in February (NASDAQ:COST) Ory Weihs Buys 110,000 Shares of XLMedia PLC (XLM) Stock SAP SE’s (SAP) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Fidus Investment Corp (FDUS) Receives Hold Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods StatPro Group PLC (SOG) PT Raised to GBX 169 Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for TearLab Corp (TEAR) Broadcom (AVGO) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Lowered to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Lowers Baidu Inc (BIDU) to Buy Brokerages Set Altisource Residential Corp (RESI) Target Price at $14.75 March 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Altisource Residential Corp (NYSE:RESI) have earned an average rating of “Hold” from the nine research firms that are covering the firm. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and four have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year price target among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $14.75. A number of brokerages have recently commented on RESI. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on shares of Altisource Residential Corp in a research note on Monday, February 27th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $15.00 target price on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Altisource Residential Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. JMP Securities reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Altisource Residential Corp in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on shares of Altisource Residential Corp from $14.00 to $15.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Altisource Residential Corp in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Altisource Residential Corp (NYSE:RESI) opened at 14.86 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $13.36 and a 200 day moving average of $11.61. The firm’s market cap is $797.49 million. Altisource Residential Corp has a 1-year low of $7.81 and a 1-year high of $14.92. Altisource Residential Corp (NYSE:RESI) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($1.14) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.51) by $0.63. Altisource Residential Corp had a negative net margin of 338.43% and a negative return on equity of 16.34%. The business earned $12.06 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.07 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($1.18) EPS. The business’s revenue was down 50.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Altisource Residential Corp will post ($1.36) EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: In other Altisource Residential Corp news, CEO George G. Ellison bought 20,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 3rd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $14.47 per share, with a total value of $289,400.00. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 0.12% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. GSA Capital Partners LLP purchased a new stake in Altisource Residential Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $144,000. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al purchased a new stake in Altisource Residential Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $159,000. Weiss Asset Management LP purchased a new stake in Altisource Residential Corp during the third quarter valued at about $240,000. Alpine Woods Capital Investors LLC increased its stake in Altisource Residential Corp by 38.6% in the third quarter. Alpine Woods Capital Investors LLC now owns 35,897 shares of the company’s stock valued at $391,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares during the period. Finally, OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp purchased a new stake in Altisource Residential Corp during the third quarter valued at about $474,000. 73.38% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Altisource Residential Corp Company Profile Altisource Residential Corporation is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is focused on acquiring, owning and managing single-family rental properties throughout the United States. The Company operates through the segment focused on the resolution of sub-performing and non-performing mortgages, and acquisition and ownership of rental residential properties. Receive News & Ratings for Altisource Residential Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Altisource Residential Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Culture Major Modern Art Show Is Filled with Works Taking on Donald Trump At the Whitney Biennial, a particularly biting set of pieces helps to symbolize an arts community raging against the president. By Nadja Sayej / The Guardian March 17, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: Hare Krishna / Shutterstock This week, President Trump released his “America first” federal budget plan, which intends to completely wipe out the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities. It is the first time a president has ever proposed their complete obliteration. It came a day before the opening of the Whitney Biennial – the longest-running survey of American art – casting a gloomy shadow on a group exhibition that explores the topic of funding, or its lack thereof. The 63 artists on view are co-curated by Mia Locks and Christopher Y Lew, who want to mirror this bleak era. “This biennial arrives at a time rife with racial tensions, economic inequities and polarizing politics,” they write in the introductory statement, “inviting us to pause and pose questions in a tumultuous world.” It’s a politically charged show on the state of America but without the predictable satire. Rather, this exhibition feels like a graveyard of the establishment’s broken promises with glimmers of hope from some of its suffering citizens. Part of the Occupy Museums group show. Photograph: Occupy Museums In light of arts funding cuts, the art collective Occupy Museums, which was formed in 2011 alongside Occupy Wall Street, has created a mini group show in the biennial called Debtfair. The works of 30 artists are grouped by the corporations they are in debt to; JPMorgan Chase, Navient and the FirstBank of Puerto Rico. The artworks can be bought for the artist’s monthly debt charge. What about art education, you ask? Puerto Rican artist and activist Chemi Rosado-Seijo took all the desks and chairs from a classroom from the Lower Manhattan Arts Academy and put the class inside the museum. The piece, called Salón Sala Salón, brings the high school art students to the museum for a weekly workshop, showing the importance the creative arts education in a time when its meaning is being diminished. The arts aren’t the only sector suffering funding cuts – the budget proposal wipes out thousands of jobs in health, science and social programs. New York artist Cameron Rowland’s piece Public Money shows one alternative form of funding that could pave the way for the future, social impact bonds. “The purpose is to gain a more intimate understanding of how they work,” he said. “So few people know they exist, let alone how they work, which is something that is crucial at this moment.” While there are no Trump portraits or American flags, there is a Statue of Liberty standing outside in below-zero weather. The performance, called Liberté (Liberty), has a performer holding up an unlit torch. It was created by art group Puppies Puppies, who are selling foam Liberty Island crowns downstairs in the gift shop for $5, debunking the myth that high art has to be expensive (and inaccessible). Even with holdups at airports and the looming Muslim ban, other pieces dig into the refugee crisis, like The Island, a film by Vietnamese artist Tuan Andrew Nguyen. Shot on the Malaysian island of Bidong, a former Vietnam war refugee camp, it mirrors the present refugee crisis at a time when millions of Syrian refugees have fled their homeland. While the small island accommodated 250,000 people from the 1970s to the time it shut down in 1991, America will accept no more than 50,000 refugees this year after screening each one under a microscope. During the presidential campaign, Melania Trump was called out for copying and pasting parts of Michelle Obama’s speech. Here, there is also a plagiarism spat. On Instagram, Toronto artist Maya Ben David claimed that a sculpture in the biennial by Ajay Kurian looks too similar to a character she created called Mary Jane Anthro Plane, which is featured in her video art piece MBD: Origin Story, which was shown in a gallery last year. Kurian’s sculpture, which is part of a series he called Childermass, features a figure with a red wig and a white mask, just like David’s. “The sculpture in the Whitney not only resembles my character with an airplane mask and red hair, but she is wearing layered shirts and sneakers just like in my work,” said Ben David. “I would like an apology from the artist and curators at the Whitney Museum and recognition that the character Mary Jane Anthro Plane is my creation.” An email sent to Kurian’s gallerist was not answered at the time of publishing this story. Raúl de Nieves’s Technicolor stained glass wall. Photograph: Will Ragozzino It feels like many people are being sold short, and it isn’t just Trump’s budget cuts to the arts. While his proposed Mexican-US border wall will cost billions, the current border is a point of inspiration in the show. Mexican artist Raúl de Nieves’s Technicolor stained glass wall reads Hope, while the Postcommodity art collective created a video that follows the rusty metal fence that currently divides Douglas, Arizona, and Agua Prieta, Mexico. “The border continues to mystify the American public during this administration, as it did before Trump entered,” said Postcommodity artist Cristobal Martinez, who refers to their piece as “a metaphor for the imprisonment caused by the polarizing bipartisan discourse”.   Nadja Sayej is a freelance journalist in Berlin covering art and culture. Check out her writing in the New York Times, the Economist, Paper and more at nadjasayej.com.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Trump Supporters in Rural Georgia Are Waking Up to the Cruelty of His Attack on Obamacare Sarah K. Burris / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/20/2017 - 05:56 Why Bernie Is the Most Popular Politician in America Les Leopold / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/19/2017 - 12:29 Chris Wallace Calls Out Paul Ryan on His Health Care Plan that Would Devastate Seniors with High Costs David Edwards / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/19/2017 - 08:49 ‘No One Is Safe’: Ex-North Carolina Police Chief Rips Customs Agents for Detaining Him Because of His Name Tom Boggioni / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/19/2017 - 15:14 Gorsuch Blistered in the Senate: Democrat Offers 4 Reasons Why He Should Worry All of Us, Even Trump Voters Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/20/2017 - 09:16 Report Confirms Fox News’ Napolitano Repeated Russian Media For His British Intelligence Conspiracy Theory Media Matters Staff / Media Matters Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/19/2017 - 19:22 Why Is the GOP So Excited About Pushing for a Law That Will Make Poor People Get Sicker and Die? D. Watkins / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/19/2017 - 10:08 Krugman: Republicans Love 'Personal Responsibility' Yet Won't Hold Trump Accountable Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/20/2017 - 06:17 Trump Declares 'Fake News' Before FBI Director James Comey's Testimony on Trump-Russia Connections Matthew Rozsa / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/20/2017 - 07:47 John Oliver Calls Trump's Proposed Budget the 'End Credits for America' Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/20/2017 - 03:35 Today's Top Stories Coming Soon: Trump’s Black Budget Election 2016 Most Young Adults Say Trump Presidency Is Illegitimate Media Frightbart: The View From Steve Bannon’s Propaganda Site Will Scare the Bejeezus Out of You... Which Is Its Point Belief How a Christian Movement Is Growing Rapidly in the Midst of Religious Decline Economy The Rich Pay Fewer Taxes Than the Poor, and Get More Services Activism Elections Matter: How to Bring Blue State Energy to Winnable Red State Elections News & Politics Gorsuch Is Grilled on His Extreme Positions Environment The Military Believes in Climate Change—The EPA, Sadly, Does Not News & Politics Russia Scandal Looms Big: White House Is Badly Compromised After Comey's Testimony Drugs The 5 Biggest Lies About Pot—And How to Rebut Them Culture Stephen Hawking: I Fear I May Not Be Welcome in Donald Trump's U.S. The Right Wing If Democrats Cave on Gorsuch, They’ll Be Sorry Sex & Relationships 8 Wild Innovations for Your Vagina News & Politics Tomi Lahren Suspended From The Blaze: Report News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Inside the Network Funding GMO Propaganda and PR to Cover Up Toxic Chemical Risks Elections Matter: How to Bring Blue State Energy to Winnable Red State Elections The 5 Biggest Lies About Pot—And How to Rebut Them ◀  X    Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Friday. According to Zacks, “Acadia Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of small molecule drugs for the treatment of central nervous system disorders. Their three clinical programs are ACP-103 for treatment-induced dysfunction in Parkinson’s disease, and ACP-104 and ACP-103, both for the treatment of schizophrenia. “ Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Leerink Swann reiterated a “market perform” rating and set a $29.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Vetr downgraded shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $37.64 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Needham & Company LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, HC Wainwright reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $41.25. Shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ACAD) traded down 0.99% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $37.13. 1,677,182 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $37.28 and its 200 day moving average is $30.94. The firm’s market cap is $4.51 billion. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals has a one year low of $19.32 and a one year high of $42.49. Your IP Address: In other ACADIA Pharmaceuticals news, EVP Terrence O. Moore sold 157,540 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.77, for a total value of $6,265,365.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Glenn Baity sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.00, for a total transaction of $300,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 177,340 shares of company stock valued at $6,863,874. 21.65% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of ACAD. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals during the fourth quarter valued at $145,000. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC raised its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 21.3% in the third quarter. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC now owns 5,629 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $179,000 after buying an additional 990 shares during the last quarter. IFP Advisors Inc raised its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 17.9% in the second quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 6,447 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $209,000 after buying an additional 979 shares during the last quarter. Spot Trading L.L.C bought a new position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at $245,000. Finally, Kalos Management Inc. raised its position in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 24.6% in the third quarter. Kalos Management Inc. now owns 8,850 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $282,000 after buying an additional 1,750 shares during the last quarter. 98.25% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About ACADIA Pharmaceuticals ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of medicines for central nervous system disorders. The Company’s lead drug candidate, NUPLAZID (pimavanserin), is under development for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease psychosis (PDP). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ACADIA Pharmaceuticals (ACAD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous YouGov Plc (YOU) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Monday Next » Eleni Nitsa Zuppas Sells 10,000 Shares of Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Provident Financial Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Workday Inc (WDAY) Director Michael A. Stankey Sells 78,800 Shares John W. Kuo Sells 3,876 Shares of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Stock MINDBODY Inc (MB) Insider Bradford Lee Wills Sells 8,172 Shares Carnival Corp (CCL) Upgraded to “Outperform” by William Blair Ultra Petroleum Corp. (UPL) Bonds Trading 1.3% Higher Jason Springett Sells 400,000 Shares of Alta Vista Ventures Ltd (UAV) Stock Kenneth L. Holt Sells 6,000 Shares of Rockwell Medical Inc (RMTI) Stock Insider Selling: Stepan Company (SCL) VP Sells 664 Shares of Stock Paul T. White Sells 4,407 Shares of Era Group Inc (ERA) Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Countrywide (CYWDF) to Sell Aimmune Therapeutics Inc (AIMT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: BankFinancial Co. (BFIN) Insider Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Enphase Energy Inc (ENPH) Stake Held by Third Point LLC Bobby R. Bell Sells 10,933 Shares of KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Stock WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Director Roel C. Campos Sells 6,000 Shares Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Major Shareholder Sells $8,206,000.00 in Stock Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Finish Line (FINL) Commscope Holding Company Inc (COMM) Insider Marvin S. Edwards, Jr. Sells 100,000 Shares ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes DBV Technologies SA – (DBVT) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (PROV) Insider Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock March 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PROV) insider David Weiant sold 20,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.70, for a total transaction of $374,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Shares of Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PROV) traded up 1.23% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $18.94. 59,510 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $18.78 and a 200-day moving average price of $19.38. Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. has a 1-year low of $16.81 and a 1-year high of $20.66. The stock has a market cap of $150.61 million, a P/E ratio of 21.70 and a beta of 0.13. Provident Financial Holdings (NASDAQ:PROV) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 27th. The company reported $0.18 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.08. Provident Financial Holdings had a return on equity of 5.34% and a net margin of 9.19%. The business earned $16.92 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $20.45 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.11 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 11.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Provident Financial Holdings, Inc. will post $0.72 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 8th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th were given a $0.13 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 13th. This represents a $0.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.75%. Provident Financial Holdings’s payout ratio is currently 59.77%. Your IP Address: Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Provident Financial Holdings by 85.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 45,411 shares of the company’s stock worth $888,000 after buying an additional 20,987 shares during the last quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. acquired a new position in Provident Financial Holdings during the fourth quarter worth about $303,000. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its position in Provident Financial Holdings by 7.1% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 342,300 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,921,000 after buying an additional 22,600 shares during the last quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA increased its position in Provident Financial Holdings by 68.8% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 55,410 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,120,000 after buying an additional 22,580 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its position in Provident Financial Holdings by 23.7% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 141,989 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,777,000 after buying an additional 27,224 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 59.94% of the company’s stock. Separately, TheStreet raised shares of Provident Financial Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Provident Financial Holdings currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $19.00. About Provident Financial Holdings Provident Financial Holdings, Inc is the holding company of Provident Savings Bank, F.S.B. (the Bank). The Bank is a federally chartered stock savings bank. The Company operates through two segments: Provident Bank and Provident Bank Mortgage (PBM). The Bank’s operations primarily consist of accepting deposits from customers within the communities surrounding the Bank’s full service offices and investing those funds in single-family loans, multi-family loans, commercial real estate loans, construction loans, commercial business loans, consumer loans and other mortgage loans. Receive News & Ratings for Provident Financial Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Is This the Golden Age for Financial Stocks? By Chris Lange March 16, 2017 10:30 am EDT Print Email Tweet The U.S. economy is building momentum, and a large part of this has been the financial sector. “The Big Short” guy, Steven Eisman, even said back in December that we are entering a golden age for financial stocks, considering the rate hikes that were on the horizon. One analyst took this idea and ran with it after the Federal Reserve just hiked its rates this week. The recent rate hike from the Fed might have been too late to impact the first quarter for the major banks, but it sets an optimistic outlook for the industry. Fed Chair Yellen appears to be moving away from being data dependent, with the momentum that the Trump rally has brought. As a result we might expect a few more rate hikes this year, which ultimately would benefit these major banks. Credit Suisse took this opportunity to weigh in on a couple of the major banks that stand to benefit the most from this rate hike. The brokerage firm has an Outperform rating for Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) and raised its price target slightly to $27 from $26. Credit Suisse also hiked its expectations for this megabank going forward. The firm raised its full-year 2017 earnings estimate to $1.74 per share from $1.72. Carrying through the assumed benefit of additional U.S. interest rate hikes, with reasonably conservative deposit beta assumptions, the 2018 estimate increases to $2.10 per share from $2.05. This franchise can grow, and all the more so in a rising rate environment. Better revenue growth coupled with visible operating leverage and manageable credit cost increases will be the keys to realization of franchise value. Shares of Bank of America were trading up 1% at $25.43 on Thursday. The stock has a 52-week trading range of $12.05 to $25.80 and a consensus analyst price target of $24.94. Credit Suisse has an Outperform rating for JPMorgan and raised its price target to $99 from $96. The brokerage firm commented in its report: We’ve updated our earnings model to reflect changing macro assumptions—slower loan growth (through the first half of 2017), more favorable commercial credit quality trends, and higher interest rates (the likelihood that our banks benefit from at least two rate hikes in 2017). Incorporating these changes, our full year 2017 estimate increases to $6.55 from $6.50 per share. Carrying through the assumed benefit of additional U.S. interest rate hikes, with reasonably conservative deposit beta assumptions, our 2018E increases to $7.55 from $7.40 per share. Factoring in these estimate changes, our target price increases to $99 from $96. JPMorgan’s sustained share price outperformance relies on above average and improving return on equity prospects consistent with what it has observed in recent results and what it expects going forward. JPMorgan shares were last seen up 1% at $92.71, with a consensus price target of $90.44 and a 52-week range of $57.05 to $93.98. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Fiat Chrysler Rejects Volkswagen Merger Idea, or Does It? Tesla Defies Gravity With More Capital Being Raised » Read more: Banking & Finance, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Federal Reserve, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Richest Countries in the World America's Fastest Growing Beer Brands America's Six-Figure Jobs The Most (and Least) Dependable Car Brands Beers Americans No Longer Drink Recent Monday’s Biggest Winner and Loser in the S&P500 Target, Penney’s Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Apple, Disney Lead DJIA Higher Monday Why Yelp Shares Remain a Bargain Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140 -- What's Next? The Qualcomm Merger Does Not Make NXP Semiconductors a Buy Anymore April platinum slides 1.14% to $961.30 an ounce May copper down 1.3% to $2.63 a pound Tesoro Logistics started at buy with $62 stock price target at SunTrust RH Twitter Bot Scandal Puts Further Pressure On CEO Jack Dorsey Top Research Reports for Merck, GE and Others Novartis (NVS) Announces Positive Data on Heart Failure Drug Asian shares at 21-month highs, dollar soft on Fed views Wal-Mart to launch investment arm in e-commerce push Hyundai Motor shares hit 22-month high on restructuring hope China Shares Edge Up Account Openings Decline at Wells Fargo Japan's Nikkei Falls to 1-1/2-Week Low as Softbank Slides Lawsuit Accuses Ivanka Trump Company Of Unfairly Profiting From White House Neil Gorsuch Allegedly Said Women Abuse Maternity Leave. That's A Big Problem. Stephen Hawking Teaches Piers Morgan A Valuable Lesson In Gender Equality Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items The Global Industrial Working Class - 03/21/2017 - Yves Smith Is Trump Going to Punt on H-1B Visa Reform? - 03/21/2017 - Yves Smith The Battle for Healthcare in the US - 03/21/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/20/2017 - 03/20/2017 - Lambert Strether Some Easy Straw Men: Zack Beauchamp, Sanders, Economics, and Identity Politics - 03/20/2017 - Lambert Strether Links 3/20/17 - 03/20/2017 - Lambert Strether Oil And Gas States Forced To Cut Education Spending - 03/20/2017 - Lambert Strether Will Amazon Destroy More US Jobs Than China? - 03/20/2017 - Yves Smith Uber President Resigns Unexpectedly, Citing Problems With “Beliefs and Approach to Management” - 03/20/2017 - Yves Smith 4 Charts on Wall Street’s Outsized Pay Posted on March 17, 2017 by Yves Smith Here we are, nearly ten years after the financial crisis. The financial services industry is so heavily subsidized as to not be properly considered to be private enterprise, yet even mid-level people get pay packages that would outrage any voter if an elected official made that much. But the inadequate new regulations imposed in the bust and the less attractive profit prospects resulting from the super-low rates have some bankers chafing. Big-name players have been going West to the greener pastures of Silicon Valley. By Sarah Anderson, who directs the Global Economy project at the Institute for Policy Studies and is the author of the new report Off the Deep End: The Wall Street Bonus Pool and Low-Wage Workers. Originally published at Alternet Every year, the New York Comptroller releases a big number representing the combined value of the bonuses Wall Street banks have doled out to their employees. The state government keeps track of these payouts because a really big number boosts their local tax base. And this year’s number, released March 15, is indeed gigantic: $23.9 billion. But imagine if those huge sums were channeled instead into the pockets of low-wage workers. The economy would get a much bigger bang for the buck because the poor tend to spend nearly every dollar they earn, creating beneficial economic ripple effects. The wealthy, by contrast, can afford to squirrel away more of their earnings. And so while the Wall Street bonus season may coincide with an uptick in luxury goods sales, a minimum wage hike would give America’s economy a much greater boost. A new Institute for Policy Studies report includes four dramatic charts that reveal how the increase in Wall Street bonuses has far outpaced the rise in the federal minimum wage — and how this in turn has contributed to race and gender inequality. Wall Street Bonuses v. Minimum Wage Earners Wall Street banks doled out $23.9 billion in bonuses to their 177,000 New York-based employees, which amounts to 1.6 times the combined earnings of all 1,075,000 Americans who work full-time at the current federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour. The average Wall Street bonus increased by just 1 percent last year. But the nominal value of the average bonus has grown by 890 percent since 1985, from $13,970 to $138,210. Meanwhile, the minimum wage has risen only 116 percent, from $3.35 per hour to $7.25. Adjusted for inflation, the minimum wage was nearly 3 percent lower in 2016 than in 1985, whereas the average bonus was about 343 percent higher. The Race and Gender Divide Over the past three decades, the dramatic rise in average financial industry bonuses relative to the minimum wage has contributed to racial and gender inequality. Workers at the bottom of the national wage scale are predominantly people of color and female, whereas those in Wall Street’s upper echelons are overwhelmingly white and male. At the top five U.S. investment banks (JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, and Citigroup), the share of executives and top managers who are white ranges from 84 to 87 percent and the share who are male ranges from 66 to 84 percent, according to the firms’ own reports (see sources section). By contrast, only 44 percent of minimum wage workers are white and an even smaller share, just 37 percent, are male. For Wall Street employees, annual bonuses come as an extra reward on top of their base salaries, which averaged $388,000 in 2015, the most recent year for which data are available. According to the New York State Comptroller, this is five times higher than the average salary for other New York City private sector employees. On top of their cash salary and bonuses, top Wall Street executives also typically receive massive stock options and grants, most of which are deemed fully deductible “performance-based” pay and thus fully tax-deductible for the firm. According to a 2016 Institute for Policy Studies report, the top 20 U.S. banks paid out more than $2 billion in fully deductible performance pay to their top five executives between 2012 and 2015. At a 35 percent corporate tax rate, this translates into a tax break of more than $725 million, or $1.7 million per executive per year. Wall Street Bonuses v. Low-Wage Service Workers While living wage campaigns have been successful in many cities, Oxfam and the Economic Policy Institute report that 44 percent of U.S. workers still earn less than $15 per hour. This is the wage level needed to cover basic living costs in most areas of the country, according to the National Employment Law Project. The Wall Street bonus pool was large enough in 2016 to have lifted all of America’s 3.2 million fast food prep and serving workers up to $15 per hour — and still have had $776 million left over. Or that bonus pool could have raised to $15 the hourly wage of all our nation’s 1.7 million home care aides or all of our 3.1 million restaurant servers and bartenders. Wall Street Bonus Reform Long Overdue Huge Wall Street bonus payouts also encourage the sorts of high-risk behaviors that led to the 2008 financial crisis. And yet financial regulators have still not implemented a Wall Street bonus reform law that has been on the books for nearly seven years. Section 956 of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation prohibits financial industry pay packages that encourage “inappropriate risks.” Regulators were supposed to implement this new rule within nine months of the law’s passage. In 2011, regulators issued a proposed rule that did not go far enough to prevent the type of behavior that led to the 2008 crash. As spelled out in detail in Institute for Policy Studies comments to the SEC, the proposed rule falls short in several areas, including overly lenient bonus deferrals, weak stock-based pay restrictions, and enforcement proposals that leave too much discretion to bank managers. While regulators responded to criticism by agreeing to issue a new proposal, this work was not completed before the end of the Obama administration. And now with Republican control of both Congress and the White House, there is a strong chance it will be postponed indefinitely. House Republican leadership introduced a bill in the last session to repeal most of the Dodd-Frank reform package, including the Wall Street pay provision. President Donald Trump has also vowed to “do a big number” on the landmark financial reform legislation. In the meantime, the Wall Street bonus culture that contributed to the 2008 financial crisis continues to flourish. 90021 This entry was posted in Banking industry, Free markets and their discontents, Guest Post, Income disparity, Regulations and regulators, The destruction of the middle class on March 17, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Confirming Our Chicago Meetup Next Friday, March 24 The Canadian Establishment and Prime Minister Trudeau Aim at Ousting Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland → Subscribe to Post Comments 21 comments Gman March 17, 2017 at 3:55 am So Capitalism for the poor, Socialism for the the rich continues apace then? Good to know there are some things in life we can still rely on. Reply ↓ Ignacio March 17, 2017 at 4:27 am Guillotines is what we need. Don’t we? Reply ↓ Vatch March 17, 2017 at 10:05 am We do need them. But we need to plan carefully — we also need tumbrels to get the banksters to the guillotines. We don’t want the process to be interrupted by systemic bottlenecks. An adequate supply of pitchforks could also be useful. Reply ↓ Mucho March 17, 2017 at 4:35 am Short question: what are the major arguments for saying the financial services industry is so heavily subsidized as to not be properly considered to be private enterprise? I could guess a little, but I lack the knowledge to make more specific arguments. Reply ↓ Foppe March 17, 2017 at 5:20 am All of the im- and explicit guarantees/backstops, low taxes, their TBTF status + the political unwillingness to prosecute individuals. Reply ↓ BillC March 17, 2017 at 7:01 am Not to mention their exclusive government franchise to create US dollars out of thin air (well, really someone has to invest a few computer keystrokes in the effort — unless it’s all done by algorithms now). Reply ↓ JEHR March 17, 2017 at 10:07 am Also QE1, QE2, QE3, the Twist,and the promise of Bail-Ins, Bail-Outs and Negative Interest Rates. Reply ↓ Gman March 17, 2017 at 8:00 am This doesn’t answer your questions specifically, but the crucial place to start is money creation. http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2nBPN-MKefA Don’t be put off by some of the dubious associations. It’s by no means a perfect explanation of money/debt, how it is created and by whom etc but it informs everything we see unfolding before our eyes today. Hopefully it will help you understand that we are where we are by design, not by the hand of a harsh but fair free market or even by unhappy accident. Reply ↓ Susan March 17, 2017 at 10:48 am With regard to private banks create money – unequivocally true, this struck me: “The economy would get a much bigger bang for the buck because the poor tend to spend nearly every dollar they earn, creating beneficial economic ripple effects.” Wait. What if the poor aren’t actually on a shopping spree as assumed? It’s a mystery. Maybe not. Consider: “Because they have never learned to even contemplate that perhaps people can be so deep in debt that they have nothing left to spend. Instead, their knowledge base states that if people don’t spend, they must be saving. Those are the sole two options. And so if the US government reports that 863,000 underpaid new waiters have been hired, these waiters have to go out and spend all that underpayment, they must consume. And if they don’t, that becomes The American Mystery Story.” https://www.theautomaticearth.com/2015/03/the-american-story-is-a-mystery-only-to-economists/ It is no wonder the bankers don’t want us to pay down our debts – they carry interest which feed the bankers. Considering that according to the calculations of Margrit Kennedy, 45% interest is fed to bankers with every dollar that is exchanged even when we’re just “trading” in the marketplace. https://youtu.be/QuBy3BzCXwg So yes, I can see how these bankers collect these huge bonuses since they loan/create money as debt. We’ve allowed the entire business of sovereign currency issue to become privatized as debt issue. Add tax arbitrage to the mix, and you’ve got a fine cocktail. The duplicitous bankers will simultaneously grab what assets you may have (home) with a wallop of shaming because you don’t pay your debt, yet give you the gaze of disdain when you pay off the mortgage or pay off a credit card net 30. Because – without our debt, they aren’t fed with the caviar to which they’ve become accustomed. Reply ↓ Gman March 17, 2017 at 4:26 pm Indeed. As I stated the other day, somewhat controversially it would appear with one poster not a million miles above (who did see fit to offer me some ‘helpful’ aversion therapy by providing some links on the history of debt WTF?!?) the real ‘wealth creators’ in the current debt based system, certainly in terms of volume, are the borrowers not, as we are often led to believe, the blessed few who make money in their sleep lending at no personal risk and with impunity according to demand. The debt created is a mortgage on the fruits of future labours of borrowers if you like and adds to the money supply. Central bank systems are as good as ‘privatised’ as you say. A magic money tree in which its owners, close associates and myriad of self-serving cronies have realised, particularly post 2008, they can effectively now run for maximum profit at minimal cost, in no small part thanks to ‘benign’ monetary policy, and without the genuine downtrodden, fearful ‘wealth creators’ barely raising a finger of dissent. Additionally it also helps that there are plenty of trusting and naive souls out there who actually still buy into the lie that it might have been their relatively infinitesimal excesses which bought us to where we are, and it is they who are the architects of their own misery, but unsurprisingly this fallacious narrative clearly suits some. Reply ↓ Mucho March 17, 2017 at 11:08 am Thanks for all the info! Reply ↓ PKMKII March 17, 2017 at 9:19 am So Wall St. bonuses shot up 890% during the same period that gave us the S&L crisis, Black Monday, the web 1.0 bubble burst, and then the Great Recession. Retaining the most competent employees, my tukhus. Reply ↓ oho March 17, 2017 at 10:36 am this is an unpopular opinion and gonna get me flamed—you can’t have $15/hr statutory min. wage + non-enforcement of immigration laws on employers/at the border. pick one or the other. the incentive for employers to cheat is too great. just saying. i understand if i get flamed. Reply ↓ tegnost March 17, 2017 at 10:42 am seems pretty sensible to me, and also to canada and mexico who both control their immigration, I can’t go work in either place…and then there’s the robots…. Reply ↓ wilroncanada March 17, 2017 at 1:33 pm They control their documented immigration, just as the US does. Big and small employers love undocumented immigrants in all three countries. Don’t blame other countries for your country’s failure to hold big employer scammers particularly to heel. It’s not a bug in your country; it’s a feature. Reply ↓ hoh March 17, 2017 at 1:23 pm Totally agree. On this, I’d even say I agree with Trump that we need to reign in illegal immigration, but by going after the companies who hire them, not by building some dumb wall. Reply ↓ Winston Smith March 17, 2017 at 2:54 pm And trade agreements that decimates another countries agriculture! NAFTA not only farked up things in manufacturing in the US, but for Mexican farmers as well! Reply ↓ Will S. March 17, 2017 at 1:32 pm IMHO, if we took immigration enforcement on employers more seriously there would be less need for border enforcement. Latino agricultural workers (since that’s what the popular imagination conjures in response to the term “immigrants,” not Indian engineers on H1-Bs working for Facebook) aren’t going to show up to work for starvation wages if even the starvation wages aren’t available. A while ago I saw a liberal “defense” of immigration, basically along the lines of, “Without underpaid ag workers food will cost a bunch more, so we need immigrants!” My response was “WTF, are you seriously defending what practically amounts to slave plantation owners right now?” It really shows how far the technocrats in the MSM & Dem establishment have taken us from any left ideology: their “defense of immigrants” is actually a defense of exploitative labor practices. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 17, 2017 at 4:09 pm Yes, Will. Here in Queensland, most of the banana, avocado, strawberry, mango, pineapples etc – are picked by young travellers on a working visa. They get the legal rate of about $20. Why aren’t me and other underemployed people doing this work? It is hot and hard labor, where you drink and sweat 5 kg of water. And $20 is not enough. So yes exploitative is the word Reply ↓ Expat March 18, 2017 at 4:12 am As a former Wall Street investment banker, I would cheerfully pull the lever on each and every bank and banker. They provide few necessary services and represent a gigantic drain on the productive economy. Investment banks exist only to siphon off or outright steal money from the productive part of the economy. The few useful services they provide could be done for peanuts by a handful of banks. A common contention is that there are few bad apples on Wall Street. My experience indicates that each and every employee is complicit in the basically fraudulent business they run. Secretaries and drivers all know the score even if they don’t know the details. As Lloyd Blankfein said, they are doing God’s work, but only if it’s the God of the Old Testament and the bankers are the Jews. Everyone else gets raped, pillaged and smited. My long-standing solution was, is and shall be a neutron bomb strike on Manhattan and Stamford. Reply ↓ blert March 19, 2017 at 3:47 am The actionable place to start is the Derivatives ‘market.’ ( It’s a con game. ) The biggest sub-market is the purchase of interest rate protection… in all its guises. You have four hyper-dominant players writing 99% of all such contracts. (!!!) When the Fed held down interest rates for years on end, it made writing such protection the closest thing to printing money. The con is that the players writing the protection are largely in control of interest rates — via their influence at the Fed and Treasury. This ‘game’ is the true source of Wall Street’s astounding money skim. A big rise in interest rates will, of course, blow all four institutions up. Suddenly, they’d be paying out gazzillions. This racket must be terminated. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Dead Dog on Is Trump Going to Punt on H-1B Visa Reform?We have the same 'dithering' in Australia (in... Marco on Some Easy Straw Men: Zack Beauchamp, Sanders, Economics, and Identity PoliticsRE The “who’s going to pay for it”... Marco on Some Easy Straw Men: Zack Beauchamp, Sanders, Economics, and Identity PoliticsAdding... "if Oprah or Drake or Beyoncé can... Marco on Some Easy Straw Men: Zack Beauchamp, Sanders, Economics, and Identity PoliticsHa! Thanks Chris. Great stuff. My point mentioning... Paul Greenwood on Brexit: More on the UK’s Weak Handhttp://www.europarl.europa.eu/RegData/etudes/BRIE/2016/577971/EPRS_BRI(2016)577971_EN.pdf Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (93) Banana republic (3,001) Banking industry (4,632) Brexit (44) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (562) Commodities (453) Corporate governance (318) Credit cards (158) Credit markets (3,620) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,453) Dubious statistics (574) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,751) Energy markets (503) Environment (450) Europe (617) Federal Reserve (1,265) Free markets and their discontents (1,400) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (319) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,419) Health care (385) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (942) India (15) Infrastructure (77) Investment banks (744) Investment management (493) Investment outlook (848) Japan (204) Legal (1,873) Links (3,028) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (227) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (140) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (285) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,995) Private equity (506) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,519) Regulations and regulators (3,564) Ridiculously obvious scams (433) Risk and risk management (716) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (194) Social policy (1,008) Social values (1,780) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (382) Technology and innovation (447) The destruction of the middle class (1,327) The dismal science (1,455) TPP (83) UK (112) Water Cooler (635) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Mar 20, 2017 - Page 14　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp World Business Quick Take Agencies Germany Siemens denies cover-up Siemens AG said a decision not to publish a manuscript about the company’s recent history, including some findings about a corruption scandal, was not a cover-up. German weekly Der Spiegel said Siemens had failed to honor an agreement with two historians to publish a book manuscript which has been completed since 2014. Siemens was involved in one of Germany’s biggest corporate bribery scandals. The firm was exposed as having run an elaborate bribery network, paying more than USS$1 billion in kickbacks to win contracts worldwide. Siemens denied allegations raised in the Der Spiegel report. TURKEY Credit outlook lowered Moody’s Investors Service lowered Turkey’s credit outlook, citing persistent political uncertainty after the failed coup in July last year. Moody’s reduced the outlook to negative from stable and kept its rating one notch below investment grade at “Ba1,” on par with Russia, according to a statement on Friday. Fitch Ratings ranks the nation at the same level, citing the continuing erosion of Turkey’s institutional strength and weaker growth outlook as reasons for its change. LAYOFFS Indiana factories cut jobs About 1,500 workers at three Indiana factories are still facing layoffs, despite hopes that US President Donald Trump would intervene to prevent their jobs from moving to Mexico. The first wave of 50 layoffs has already happened at United Technologies Corp’s 700-worker electronics plant in Huntington, which is slated for closure. Another 550 job cuts are expected at Carrier Corp’s Indianapolis factory, where Trump’s intervention last fall curbed job losses, but did not halt them altogether. ENTERTAINMENT Disney to pay back wages Walt Disney Co has agreed to pay US$3.8 million in back wages to 16,339 employees, including workers at its Florida theme parks whose hourly pay allegedly fell below the minimum wage after it deducted the cost of uniforms and costumes. The company also failed to compensate employees for duties performed before the start of their shifts and failed to maintain accurate payroll records, the US Labor Department said on Friday in announcing the agreement. BANKING Blankfein’s pay reduced Goldman Sachs Group Inc has reduced chief executive officer Lloyd Blankfein’s annual compensation by 27 percent, awarding him US$22 million for last year after eliminating a long-term incentive award, the New York-based firm said on Friday in its annual proxy filing. Blankfein is to become the third-highest paid CEO of the six largest US banks, falling behind JPMorgan Chase & Co’s Jamie Dimon, who received US$28 million, and Morgan Stanley’s James Gorman, with US$22.5 million. FOOD No contamination evidence Shanghai government inspectors said they found no evidence to support a Chinese television show’s claim that Muji retail stores in the city stocked food imported from areas of Japan allegedly contaminated by radiation. The city’s Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau said on Friday that it inspected food sold at Ryohin Keikaku Co’s Muji chain in Shanghai and cleared the items. China Central Television’s annual “name-and-shame” show on Wednesday night accused Muji and Japanese snack maker Calbee Inc of mislabeling items. This story has been viewed 2678 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-03-14 to 2017-03-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 2 US plans to sell Taiwan arms: reports 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 EDITORIAL: KMT’s dubious view on espionage 5 Taiwanese weightlifter promoted to Beijing Olympics gold 陳葦綾正式遞補 北京奧運舉重金牌 MORE  1 Taipei luxury hotel sorry for serving expired, moldy food 2 World’s first fluorescent frog found in Argentina 3 London begins countdown to Brexit 4 US analysts, Richard Armitage arrive 5 Phison Electronics to pay NT$14 cash dividend per share MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Brown & Brown Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carnival Corp (CCL) Upgraded to “Outperform” by William Blair Ultra Petroleum Corp. (UPL) Bonds Trading 1.3% Higher Jason Springett Sells 400,000 Shares of Alta Vista Ventures Ltd (UAV) Stock Kenneth L. Holt Sells 6,000 Shares of Rockwell Medical Inc (RMTI) Stock Insider Selling: Stepan Company (SCL) VP Sells 664 Shares of Stock Paul T. White Sells 4,407 Shares of Era Group Inc (ERA) Stock Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Countrywide (CYWDF) to Sell Aimmune Therapeutics Inc (AIMT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: BankFinancial Co. (BFIN) Insider Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Enphase Energy Inc (ENPH) Stake Held by Third Point LLC Bobby R. Bell Sells 10,933 Shares of KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Stock WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Director Roel C. Campos Sells 6,000 Shares Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) Major Shareholder Sells $8,206,000.00 in Stock Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Finish Line (FINL) Commscope Holding Company Inc (COMM) Insider Marvin S. Edwards, Jr. Sells 100,000 Shares ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes DBV Technologies SA – (DBVT) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume Following Analyst Upgrade Blue Sky Uranium Corp (BSK) Director Darren Charles Urquhart Acquires 28,000 Shares of Stock Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Norges Bank Takes Position in Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Norges Bank bought a new position in Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 1,237,487 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $55,514,000. Norges Bank owned about 0.88% of Brown & Brown at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio increased its stake in shares of Brown & Brown by 1.1% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 46,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,742,000 after buying an additional 486 shares during the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Brown & Brown during the second quarter worth $1,986,000. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC increased its stake in shares of Brown & Brown by 1.1% in the second quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 20,064 shares of the company’s stock worth $752,000 after buying an additional 214 shares during the last quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund increased its stake in shares of Brown & Brown by 2.3% in the third quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund now owns 40,180 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,515,000 after buying an additional 901 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Raymond James Trust N.A. increased its stake in shares of Brown & Brown by 1.1% in the third quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 11,765 shares of the company’s stock worth $444,000 after buying an additional 131 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.27% of the company’s stock. Shares of Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) opened at 43.76 on Friday. Brown & Brown, Inc. has a 12-month low of $34.23 and a 12-month high of $45.77. The company has a market cap of $6.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.04 and a beta of 0.73. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $43.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $41.15. Brown & Brown (NYSE:BRO) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, January 23rd. The company reported $0.42 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.01. Brown & Brown had a return on equity of 11.57% and a net margin of 14.57%. The firm earned $433.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $431.30 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.38 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that Brown & Brown, Inc. will post $1.88 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: BRO has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Brown & Brown from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. BMO Capital Markets upgraded Brown & Brown from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $37.00 to $46.00 in a report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Brown & Brown from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. Langen Mcalenn restated a “buy” rating on shares of Brown & Brown in a report on Friday, December 30th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated a “sell” rating and set a $39.00 price objective on shares of Brown & Brown in a report on Monday, January 9th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. Brown & Brown currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $37.89. About Brown & Brown Brown & Brown, Inc is a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and service company. The Company markets and sells insurance products and services in the property, casualty and employee benefits areas. It provides customers with non-investment insurance contracts, as well as other targeted, customized risk management products and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BRO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO). Receive News & Ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Tesoro Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Tesoro Co. (TSO) Stake Decreased by Numeric Investors LLC Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Numeric Investors LLC reduced its position in Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) by 92.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 6,300 shares of the company’s stock after selling 74,700 shares during the period. Numeric Investors LLC’s holdings in Tesoro were worth $551,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of TSO. Toronto Dominion Bank raised its stake in Tesoro by 67,674.6% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 503,565 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,063,000 after buying an additional 502,822 shares during the period. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in Tesoro by 164.8% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 641,815 shares of the company’s stock valued at $51,063,000 after buying an additional 399,464 shares during the period. Commonwealth Bank of Australia raised its stake in Tesoro by 44.0% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia now owns 59,872 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,764,000 after buying an additional 18,300 shares during the period. APG Asset Management N.V. raised its stake in Tesoro by 43.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 370,062 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,442,000 after buying an additional 112,827 shares during the period. Finally, TPH Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Tesoro during the third quarter valued at $1,353,000. Institutional investors own 87.89% of the company’s stock. Shares of Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) opened at 85.34 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.97 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.94 and a beta of 1.69. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $85.06 and its 200-day moving average price is $83.78. Tesoro Co. has a 52 week low of $69.49 and a 52 week high of $93.50. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.14) by $0.80. Tesoro had a return on equity of 9.07% and a net margin of 2.99%. The company had revenue of $6.65 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.12 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.83 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Tesoro Co. will post $5.71 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 28th were paid a dividend of $0.55 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, February 24th. This represents a $2.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.58%. Tesoro’s payout ratio is 35.95%. Your IP Address: Several analysts recently weighed in on TSO shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Tesoro from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $99.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Credit Suisse Group AG raised their price objective on Tesoro from $105.00 to $110.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $102.00 price objective on Tesoro and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Wells Fargo & Co raised Tesoro from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Scotiabank reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Tesoro in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fifteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $100.46. Tesoro Company Profile Tesoro Corporation (Tesoro) is an independent petroleum refining and marketing company. The Company operates through three business segments: Refining operating segment (Refining), which owns and operates refineries, and refines crude oil and other feedstocks into transportation fuels; TLLP, a publicly traded limited partnership, which includes certain crude oil and natural gas gathering assets, natural gas processing and crude oil and refined products terminaling, and transportation and storage assets, and marketing segment (Marketing), which sells transportation fuels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO). Receive News & Ratings for Tesoro Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous IFM Investors Pty Ltd Acquires New Position in Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Next » Norges Bank Takes Position in Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 21 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Du eyes compensation for customers affected by network outage Saudi Arabia leads GCC petrochem industry growth in 2016 Abu Dhabi's Aldar to further develop Yas, Reem island projects Small needn’t be a disadvantage in e-tailing in UAE Abu Dhabi's Aldar to further develop Yas, Reem island projects How to legally sublet or lease your home in Dubai Consumers: Brace for higher loan, credit card rates in UAE Top real estate tycoon appointed Dubai Holding chairman Construction to begin by end-2017 for new Al Mina project in Oman Abu Dhabi's Aldar to further develop Yas, Reem island projects Abu Dhabi's Senaat agrees $400mln revolving credit facility Saudi high-speed rail project 95% complete Oman Block 61 to boost gas output by 40% Saudi Arabia leads GCC petrochem industry growth in 2016 Algerian state energy firm Sonatrach replaces CEO Oil prices rise on talk that OPEC could extend supply cut Economic sentiment most positive in UAE among GCC peers GCC’s wealthy prefer to keep assets closer to home World bank disburses another $1bln loan to Egypt Egypt's CIB completes $40mln sale of investment unit Qatar's Ezdan Holding to meet fixed income investors ahead of dollar sukuk Islamic Development Bank mandates 5 banks for sukuk Warba Bank lists $250mln Sukuk on Nasdaq Dubai GCC Islamic banks more profitable than conventional peers Du eyes compensation for customers affected by network outage Small needn’t be a disadvantage in e-tailing in UAE Morocco signs preliminary financing agreement for $10bln tech city U.S.'s Uber ride services president quits as turmoil continues Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global VAT in UAE: Gold jewellery, tobacco to be taxed Economic sentiment most positive in UAE among GCC peers GCC’s wealthy prefer to keep assets closer to home UAE ranked happiest country in Arab World U.S. to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronic devices VAT in UAE: Gold jewellery, tobacco to be taxed Abu Dhabi's Aldar to further develop Yas, Reem island projects Economic sentiment most positive in UAE among GCC peers Lebanon sets final yield for triple-tranche US dollar deal Israel threatens to destroy Syrian air defense systems Protesters take various grieviances to the streets of Beirut Arab Monetary Fund extends new loan of $56mln to Jordan U.S. to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronic devices Morocco signs preliminary financing agreement for $10bln tech city Algerian state energy firm Sonatrach replaces CEO World bank disburses another $1bln loan to Egypt U.S. to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronic devices Norwegians count their blessings in world's happiest nation Oil prices rise on talk that OPEC could extend supply cut Iran's Khamenei criticises economy in New Year speech Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Gulf set to consolidate; labour policy may weigh on Saudi Kuwait's Al Ahli Bank mandates banks for dollar bond issue Gold hits two-week high as dollar tumbles Oil prices rise on talk that OPEC could extend supply cut Gulf set to consolidate; labour policy may weigh on Saudi Egypt accounts for 5% of Arab bourses' market cap - official Italy gives final approval to Intesa funding of Qatar's Russian oil deal Egypt to introduce stamp duty in May Kuwait's Al Ahli Bank mandates banks for dollar bond issue Lebanon sets final yield for triple-tranche US dollar deal Dollar on defensive for packed week of Fed speakers Weaker dollar helps lift oil, supply worries persist Gold hits two-week high as dollar tumbles Oil prices rise on talk that OPEC could extend supply cut Gold hits 2-wk high as Fed rate hike guidance weighs on dollar Oil prices drop on rise in U.S. drilling Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE arrests prominent activist for incitement U.S. to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronic devices Nearly 100,000 counterfeit car parts seized in 31 raids last year Qatar's new arbitration law to benefit global firms, says QFCA U.S. to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronic devices Qatar's new arbitration law to benefit global firms, says QFCA Norwegians count their blessings in world's happiest nation Saudis to tighten curbs on expats in local jobs push UAE arrests prominent activist for incitement U.S. to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronic devices Nearly 100,000 counterfeit car parts seized in 31 raids last year No recall of Crocs shoes after toddler lost toe in UAE U.S. to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronic devices Nearly 100,000 counterfeit car parts seized in 31 raids last year Qatar's new arbitration law to benefit global firms, says QFCA No recall of Crocs shoes after toddler lost toe in UAE How to legally sublet or lease your home in Dubai UAE police issue 50% discount on traffic fines Saudi residents urged to take heed of premarital screening results Thousands of Palestinians abroad to get ID card now Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports How much did Trump sons' visit to Dubai cost taxpayers? First banknotes of independent Pakistan on display in Dubai Norwegians count their blessings in world's happiest nation Weight loss app aims to trick brain Hospitals have lower death rates during surprise inspections Oman to raise tax on 'harmful products' this year Weight loss app aims to trick brain Dubai eateries can’t make false claims about healthy food Education sector employs 12% of Qatari workforce Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Tuition hike suspended for 2 years in Saudi schools The business of education and the rising school fees in Dubai How much did Trump sons' visit to Dubai cost taxpayers? First banknotes of independent Pakistan on display in Dubai Norwegians count their blessings in world's happiest nation 'The Green Sheikh': Meet the UAE royal with a passion for change U.S. to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronic devices Norwegians count their blessings in world's happiest nation GPS device to prevent false Everest claims by climbers Oman's 2040 strategy to turn it into luxury tourism destination Filmmakers invited to enter UAE contests Actor Will Smith plays tourist in Dubai Mother of the Nation Festival to have a Happiness Zone Monopoly gets a makeover Tokyo 2020 golf venue votes to admit women members Federer tops Wawrinka in all-Swiss Indian Wells final Teenager Al Merri crowned endurance champion Murray withdraws from Miami Masters due to elbow injury Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Financial Services Article financial services Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank issues $230mln Formosa bond 19 March, 2017 A view of a branch of Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank along Khalid Bin Al-Waleed Road Reuters/ Nikhil Monteiro By Tom Arnold DUBAI, March 19 (Reuters) - Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank (ADCB), the emirate's second largest bank by assets, raised $230 million through the sale of a five-year Formosa bond, its second issuance sold in Taiwan this quarter, sources told Reuters on Sunday. At least two other Gulf banks have made similar forays into the Formosa market in the past year as they look to diversify their funding sources. Formosa bonds are sold in Taiwan by foreign issuers and denominated in currencies other than the Taiwanese dollar. ADCB's five-year issue, which was placed with institutional investors, was arranged by JPMorgan Chase & Co , the sources said. Advertisement ADCB declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. Earlier this quarter, the bank raised around $750 million through a five-year Formosa bond, which was also placed with institutional investors, one of the sources said. That issue was arranged by Morgan Stanley . National Bank of Abu Dhabi raised $885 million through the sale of a 30-year Formosa bond in January after issuing a $696 million public Formosa bond in October. Qatar National Bank in July printed $330m of five-year Formosa floating-rate notes, two months after issuing three-year floating-rate notes of $1.1 billion. (Editing by Jane Merriman) ((Tom.Arnold@thomsonreuters.com; +97144536265; Reuters Messaging: tom.arnold.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Shapoorji Pallonji Appoints Cyrus Engineer as Managing Director in the Gulf 58 minutes ago Camille Saade appointed new General Manager of Villa Rotana Dubai 23 hours ago French ex-President Sarkozy joins AccorHotels' board of directors to support its international vision 2 days ago Khalidiya Palace Rayhaan by Rotana appoints new director of sales 2 days ago First Saudi Arabian woman to become a General Manager in hospitality 2 days ago  from Memac Ogilvy PR PwC Middle East welcomes Pam Jackson as Middle East region's deals leader 2 days ago Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Horizon Kinetics LLC Sells 153 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Horizon Kinetics LLC decreased its position in FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) by 6.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 2,363 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock after selling 153 shares during the period. Horizon Kinetics LLC’s holdings in FedEx were worth $440,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of FDX. Park National Corp OH acquired a new stake in FedEx during the third quarter worth $204,000. North Star Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in FedEx by 0.8% in the third quarter. North Star Asset Management Inc. now owns 33,240 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $5,806,000 after buying an additional 254 shares during the period. McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. increased its stake in FedEx by 204.0% in the third quarter. McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. now owns 10,074 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $1,760,000 after buying an additional 6,760 shares during the period. F&V Capital Management LLC increased its stake in FedEx by 1.7% in the third quarter. F&V Capital Management LLC now owns 36,660 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $6,404,000 after buying an additional 610 shares during the period. Finally, Bremer Trust National Association increased its stake in FedEx by 3.3% in the third quarter. Bremer Trust National Association now owns 2,016 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $352,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the period. 75.22% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) opened at 194.59 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $51.86 billion, a PE ratio of 28.60 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx Co. has a 12-month low of $145.00 and a 12-month high of $201.57. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $192.11 and a 200 day moving average of $183.57. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, December 20th. The shipping service provider reported $2.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.90 by $0.10. The business earned $14.90 billion during the quarter. FedEx had a net margin of 3.35% and a return on equity of 22.02%. FedEx’s revenue was up 19.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $2.58 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that FedEx Co. will post $12.01 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 13th will be issued a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 9th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.82%. FedEx’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 23.46%. Your IP Address: FDX has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on shares of FedEx in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Vetr downgraded shares of FedEx from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $199.16 price target for the company. in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $159.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $190.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of FedEx in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $233.00 price target for the company. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $199.11. In other FedEx news, EVP Robert B. Carter sold 34,580 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $191.22, for a total transaction of $6,612,387.60. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,062 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,735,795.64. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO David J. Bronczek sold 36,529 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $192.08, for a total transaction of $7,016,490.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 83,716 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,080,169.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 8.67% of the stock is owned by company insiders. FedEx Company Profile FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FDX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX). Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Biogen, Goldcorp, GoPro, Oracle, Sirius XM, Tyson Foods, Ciena and More By Jon C. Ogg March 16, 2017 8:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet Stocks, bonds, oil and gold all rose on Wednesday after the Federal Reserved delivered on the first of likely three rate hikes in 2017. Now stocks are indicated to open higher again on Thursday, with the Dow close to challenging 21,000 again. Investors know that the unrelenting bull market is eight years old. Despite it sometimes feeling long in the tooth, investors have bought up stocks on every single pullback. Those same investors also are looking for new trading and investing ideas. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while others cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Some color has been added on many of the following calls, and the consensus analyst price targets referenced are from Thomson Reuters. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Thursday, March 16, 2017: Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ: BIIB) was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform at Leerink. Morgan Stanley downgraded it to Equal Weight from Overweight. Goldcorp Inc. (NYSE: GG) was raised to Sector Perform from Underperform and the target price was raised to $17 from $15 (versus a $15.45 prior close) at RBC Capital Markets. Goldcorp has a 52-week trading range of $11.91 to $20.38 and a consensus analyst target price of $18.01. GoPro Inc. (NASDAQ: GPRO) gave revenue guidance toward the upper end of its range for the first quarter, but in some ways the period is a throwaway quarter. Still, shares were indicated up 11% at $8.17 on Thursday. Wedbush maintained its Neutral rating and said that the second half of the year will be the true indicator of demand. Citigroup raised its rating to Neutral from Sell. Oracle Corp. (NYSE: ORCL) was reiterated as Neutral but the price target was raised to $43 from $42 at Wedbush. JMP Securities raised Oracle to Market Perform from Underperform. Jefferies reiterated its Buy rating but raised its price target to $52 from $51. JPMorgan raised Oracle to Overweight from Neutral. Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI) was downgraded to Hold from Buy with a $5.50 price target (versus a $5.30 close) at Wunderlich. The 52-week range is $3.74 to $5.53, and the consensus target price is $5.18. Tyson Foods Inc. (NYSE: TSN) was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus, with the call based on mounting legal issues from the SEC investigation of Tyson and other poultry producers for alleged manipulation of a chicken pricing index. Follow @Jonogg on Twitter to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your feed. Other key analyst calls were seen in the following: Alarm.com Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: ALRM) was reiterated at Buy and the price objective was raised to $39 from $37 (versus a $30.63 close) at Merrill Lynch. The firm noted that Alarm.com’s fourth-quarter results were solid, as subscription revenues grew 21% and EBITDA margins were up 350 basis points. Credit Suisse reiterated its Outperform rating and raised its 2017 estimates. Alarm.com shares were indicated up more than 9% at $33.60 on Thursday. Pages: 1/2 « JPMorgan Out With Top Ranked Tech Networking/Hardware Stocks to Buy Wal-Mart Investing Heavily in Online Women’s Retail » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (NYSE:ABX), Biogen Idec (NASDAQ:BIIB), Ciena Corp (NASDAQ:CIEN), Clean Harbors, Inc. (NYSE:CLH), Salesforce.com (NYSE:CRM), Entergy Corp (NYSE:ETR), Goldcorp, Inc. (USA) (NYSE:GG), GPRO, Blackhawk Network Holdings (NASDAQ:HAWK), NCR Corp (NYSE:NCR), Newmont Mining Corp (NYSE:NEM), Oracle Corp. (NASDAQ:ORCL), Sirius XM Radio (NASDAQ:SIRI), Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCBI), Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN), United Therapeutics Corp (NASDAQ:UTHR), Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Richest Countries in the World America's Fastest Growing Beer Brands America's Six-Figure Jobs The Most (and Least) Dependable Car Brands Beers Americans No Longer Drink Recent Monday’s Biggest Winner and Loser in the S&P500 Target, Penney’s Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Apple, Disney Lead DJIA Higher Monday Why Yelp Shares Remain a Bargain Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why the Best Is Yet to Come for Palo Alto Networks, Inc. Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140 -- What's Next? The Qualcomm Merger Does Not Make NXP Semiconductors a Buy Anymore April platinum slides 1.14% to $961.30 an ounce May copper down 1.3% to $2.63 a pound Tesoro Logistics started at buy with $62 stock price target at SunTrust RH Twitter Bot Scandal Puts Further Pressure On CEO Jack Dorsey Top Research Reports for Merck, GE and Others Novartis (NVS) Announces Positive Data on Heart Failure Drug Asian shares at 21-month highs, dollar soft on Fed views Wal-Mart to launch investment arm in e-commerce push Hyundai Motor shares hit 22-month high on restructuring hope China Shares Edge Up Account Openings Decline at Wells Fargo Japan's Nikkei Falls to 1-1/2-Week Low as Softbank Slides Lawsuit Accuses Ivanka Trump Company Of Unfairly Profiting From White House Neil Gorsuch Allegedly Said Women Abuse Maternity Leave. That's A Big Problem. Stephen Hawking Teaches Piers Morgan A Valuable Lesson In Gender Equality Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alliance Data Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Shares Sold by Janus Capital Management LLC March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Janus Capital Management LLC lowered its position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS) by 10.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 5,527 shares of the company’s stock after selling 673 shares during the period. Janus Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Alliance Data Systems were worth $1,262,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. ValueAct Holdings L.P. boosted its position in Alliance Data Systems by 52.1% in the third quarter. ValueAct Holdings L.P. now owns 5,000,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,072,650,000 after buying an additional 1,712,090 shares in the last quarter. Ruffer LLP acquired a new position in Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth $136,114,000. Sustainable Growth Advisers LP acquired a new position in Alliance Data Systems during the third quarter worth $109,860,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth $48,066,000. Finally, Boston Partners boosted its position in Alliance Data Systems by 29.7% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 867,299 shares of the company’s stock worth $186,061,000 after buying an additional 198,361 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.75% of the company’s stock. Shares of Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS) opened at 245.01 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $237.29 and a 200-day moving average price of $223.83. The firm has a market cap of $13.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.38 and a beta of 1.65. Alliance Data Systems Co. has a 52-week low of $185.02 and a 52-week high of $251.19. Alliance Data Systems (NYSE:ADS) last released its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $4.67 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.66 by $0.01. The firm earned $1.83 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.94 billion. Alliance Data Systems had a return on equity of 54.59% and a net margin of 7.23%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 4.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $4.13 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Alliance Data Systems Co. will post $18.49 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 15th were paid a $0.52 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, February 13th. This represents a $2.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.85%. Alliance Data Systems’s payout ratio is currently 28.42%. Your IP Address: ADS has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. TheStreet cut Alliance Data Systems from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Alliance Data Systems from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $260.00 to $255.00 in a report on Friday, December 9th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Raymond James Financial, Inc. cut Alliance Data Systems from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alliance Data Systems in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Alliance Data Systems from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Alliance Data Systems currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $239.09. In other Alliance Data Systems news, insider Valueact Capital Master Fund, bought 57,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 26th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $218.56 per share, for a total transaction of $12,545,344.00. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Bryan A. Pearson sold 3,450 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $247.32, for a total value of $853,254.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders purchased 477,600 shares of company stock valued at $108,498,272 and sold 6,882 shares valued at $1,685,575. Corporate insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. Alliance Data Systems Company Profile Alliance Data Systems Corporation is a provider of data-driven marketing and loyalty solutions serving consumer-based businesses in a range of industries. The Company offers a portfolio of integrated outsourced marketing solutions, including customer loyalty programs, database marketing services, end-to-end marketing services, analytics and creative services, direct marketing services, and private label and co-brand retail credit card programs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ADS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS). Receive News & Ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Churchill China plc (CHH) to Release Earnings on Wednesday AFC Energy plc (AFC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Lucinda Riches Acquires 3,000 Shares of Crh Plc (CRH) Stock Ory Weihs Buys 110,000 Shares of XLMedia PLC (XLM) Stock Matthew Ashley Sells 40,278 Shares of National Express Group PLC (NEX) Stock Novae Group Plc (NVA) Insider Purchases £81,430.08 in Stock Robert (Bob) Holt Buys 76,977 Shares of Totally Plc (TLY) Stock Bill Currie Acquires 275,000 Shares of Eagle Eye Solutions Group PLC (EYE) Stock Insider Selling: Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Insider Sells £43,431.93 in Stock Philip Wood ACA Sells 230,841 Shares of Microgen plc (MCGN) Stock Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Morgan Stanley (MS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Oracle Co. (ORCL) Lifted to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Downgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) Lowered to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Momo Inc (MOMO) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. Impala Platinum Holdings Limited (IMPUY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Harvest Capital Credit Corp (HCAP) to Strong Sell Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd (RDY) Receives $41.90 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages March 19th, 2017 - By Doug Wharley - 0 comments Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd (NYSE:RDY) have earned an average recommendation of “Sell” from the six brokerages that are covering the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation and two have given a hold recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $41.90. Separately, TheStreet downgraded shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Your IP Address: Dr.Reddy's Laboratories (NYSE:RDY) opened at 41.49 on Thursday. The stock has a market capitalization of $6.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 48.30 and a beta of 0.53. Dr.Reddy's Laboratories has a 1-year low of $39.65 and a 1-year high of $54.73. The company has a 50-day moving average of $43.49 and a 200-day moving average of $45.57. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Fisher Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories by 9.0% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 5,696,909 shares of the company’s stock worth $264,451,000 after buying an additional 469,885 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories by 1.6% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 322,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,971,000 after buying an additional 5,009 shares during the period. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories during the fourth quarter worth $14,554,000. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories by 113.9% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 275,233 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,775,000 after buying an additional 146,578 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories by 56.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 274,172 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,727,000 after buying an additional 99,401 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 16.12% of the company’s stock. About Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited is a pharmaceutical company that is engaged in providing medicines. The Company operates in three segments: Global Generics, Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (PSAI), and Proprietary Products. The Global Generics segment includes manufacturing and marketing prescription and over-the-counter finished pharmaceutical products ready for consumption by the patient, marketed under a brand name (branded formulations) or as generic finished dosages with therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations (generics). Receive News & Stock Ratings for Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Clearwater Paper Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearwater Paper Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Novae Group Plc (NVA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Receives $176.68 Average Price Target from Analysts Coach Inc (COH) Receives $42.96 Consensus Price Target from Analysts E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €7.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €14.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Mattersight Corp (MATR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Premium Brands Holdings Corp (PBH) PT Raised to C$83.00 at BMO Capital Markets Norbord Inc (OSB) PT Raised to C$40.00 SHIN-ETSU CHEMICAL (SHECY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Ferrari (RACE) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Centene Corp (CNC) Receives $77.23 Average Target Price from Brokerages Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give adidas AG (ADS) a €201.00 Price Target Linde AG (LIN) Given a €171.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €110.00 Price Target for SAP SE (SAP) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €167.00 Price Target Empire Company Limited (EMP.A) Stock Rating Upgraded by Barclays PLC Scotiabank Increases Knight Therapeutics Inc (GUD) Price Target to C$11.00 Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Given New C$110.00 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) Receives $68.75 Average PT from Brokerages Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Clearwater Paper Corp (NYSE:CLW) has received an average rating of “Hold” from the ten analysts that are covering the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $68.75. Several equities analysts have recently commented on CLW shares. Vetr raised shares of Clearwater Paper Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. DA Davidson raised shares of Clearwater Paper Corp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. TheStreet downgraded shares of Clearwater Paper Corp from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. KeyCorp started coverage on shares of Clearwater Paper Corp in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. They issued an “equal weight” rating on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Clearwater Paper Corp from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 16th. Shares of Clearwater Paper Corp (NYSE:CLW) opened at 55.50 on Thursday. Clearwater Paper Corp has a 12 month low of $46.66 and a 12 month high of $69.75. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $58.02 and its 200 day moving average is $61.24. The stock has a market cap of $913.70 million, a PE ratio of 19.14 and a beta of 1.06. Clearwater Paper Corp (NYSE:CLW) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.82 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.06. Clearwater Paper Corp had a return on equity of 11.85% and a net margin of 2.86%. The company earned $425.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $407.08 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.75 EPS. Clearwater Paper Corp’s quarterly revenue was down 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Clearwater Paper Corp will post $3.54 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in CLW. LSV Asset Management boosted its stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp by 38.6% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 843,620 shares of the company’s stock valued at $54,556,000 after buying an additional 235,013 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $12,031,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp by 7.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,193,969 shares of the company’s stock valued at $77,214,000 after buying an additional 82,385 shares in the last quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp by 120.7% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 71,851 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,709,000 after buying an additional 39,292 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp by 1,209.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 39,221 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,536,000 after buying an additional 36,225 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 89.25% of the company’s stock. About Clearwater Paper Corp Clearwater Paper Corporation manufactures quality consumer tissue, away-from-home (AFH), tissue, parent roll tissue, bleached paperboard and pulp at manufacturing facilities across the nation. The Company is a supplier of private label tissue to retailers and wholesale distributors, including grocery, drug, mass merchants and discount stores. Receive News & Ratings for Clearwater Paper Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearwater Paper Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Receives $26.81 Average Target Price from Analysts Next » Zacks: Braskem SA (BAK) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview How to Invest in the Bond Market Now Mary Ellen Stanek focuses on adding basis points of yield and return through old-fashioned credit analysis. By Leslie P. Norton Biography March 18, 2017 1:21 a.m. ET For a levelheaded view of the bond market, you can’t do much better than to ask Mary Ellen Stanek, chief investment officer of Baird Advisors, the investment-management arm of Robert W. Baird. Stanek oversees a 48-person team that steers $50 billion in separate bond assets, including the top-rated Baird Core Plus Bond fund and six other bond mutual funds. The firm’s overall size, Stanek maintains, gives her “the flexibility to source alpha bottom-up and be extremely opinionated about each and every bond in the portfolio.” Thanks to the fund’s consistently good performance, Stanek and her team were finalists for... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Alibaba Could Become The Next Cloud Superstar Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 5 Ways to Invest in Water Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Kill the Border Adjustment Tax Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Are Investors Too Bullish About the Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Down Day for Canada Goose 2 The Fundamentals of Advisory Teaming 3 How to Guarantee Financial Freedom Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing National Fuel Gas Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Novae Group Plc (NVA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Receives $176.68 Average Price Target from Analysts Coach Inc (COH) Receives $42.96 Consensus Price Target from Analysts E.On Se (EOAN) PT Set at €7.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €14.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Mattersight Corp (MATR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Premium Brands Holdings Corp (PBH) PT Raised to C$83.00 at BMO Capital Markets Norbord Inc (OSB) PT Raised to C$40.00 SHIN-ETSU CHEMICAL (SHECY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Ferrari (RACE) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Centene Corp (CNC) Receives $77.23 Average Target Price from Brokerages Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give adidas AG (ADS) a €201.00 Price Target Linde AG (LIN) Given a €171.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €110.00 Price Target for SAP SE (SAP) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Volkswagen AG (VOW3) a €167.00 Price Target Empire Company Limited (EMP.A) Stock Rating Upgraded by Barclays PLC Scotiabank Increases Knight Therapeutics Inc (GUD) Price Target to C$11.00 Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) Given New C$110.00 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for National Fuel Gas Co. Lifted by US Capital Advisors (NFG) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet National Fuel Gas Co. (NYSE:NFG) – Analysts at US Capital Advisors lifted their Q3 2017 earnings per share estimates for National Fuel Gas in a research note issued on Wednesday. US Capital Advisors analyst B. Followill now expects that the firm will post earnings per share of $0.71 for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $0.66. US Capital Advisors also issued estimates for National Fuel Gas’ Q4 2017 earnings at $0.58 EPS. National Fuel Gas (NYSE:NFG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.04 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.17. The company had revenue of $422.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $441.48 million. National Fuel Gas had a negative net margin of 0.86% and a positive return on equity of 18.34%. The firm’s revenue was up 12.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.78 earnings per share. Your IP Address: A number of other analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of National Fuel Gas from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Scotiabank reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $60.00 price objective on shares of National Fuel Gas in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $63.25. National Fuel Gas (NYSE:NFG) opened at 60.37 on Friday. National Fuel Gas has a 12-month low of $47.49 and a 12-month high of $61.25. The company has a 50 day moving average of $59.27 and a 200-day moving average of $56.46. The stock’s market cap is $5.15 billion. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 14th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.405 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $1.62 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.68%. National Fuel Gas’s dividend payout ratio is presently -1,012.50%. In other National Fuel Gas news, Director Philip C. Ackerman sold 81,370 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.17, for a total value of $4,896,032.90. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 395,504 shares in the company, valued at $23,797,475.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Philip C. Ackerman sold 127,828 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.64, for a total transaction of $7,751,489.92. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 278,464 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,886,056.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 2.57% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of National Fuel Gas during the fourth quarter worth approximately $34,198,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of National Fuel Gas by 4.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,958,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $214,015,000 after buying an additional 181,812 shares in the last quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of National Fuel Gas by 5.6% in the fourth quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC now owns 3,054,075 shares of the company’s stock worth $172,983,000 after buying an additional 160,906 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP increased its position in shares of National Fuel Gas by 86.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 297,690 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,861,000 after buying an additional 137,641 shares in the last quarter. Finally, River Road Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of National Fuel Gas by 10.1% in the third quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC now owns 1,376,934 shares of the company’s stock worth $74,451,000 after buying an additional 126,611 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 64.97% of the company’s stock. About National Fuel Gas National Fuel Gas Company is a holding company. The Company is an energy company engaged principally in the production, gathering, transportation, distribution and marketing of natural gas. The Company operates in five business segments: Exploration and Production, Pipeline and Storage, Gathering, Utility, and Energy Marketing. Receive News & Ratings for National Fuel Gas Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Columbia Banking System Inc Issued By DA Davidson (COLB) Next » Chart Industries, Inc. (GTLS) Short Interest Update Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research FedEx Co. (FDX) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) is scheduled to be posting its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. Analysts expect FedEx to post earnings of $2.62 per share for the quarter. FedEx has set its FY17 guidance at $11.85-12.35 EPS. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, December 20th. The shipping service provider reported $2.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.90 by $0.10. The firm earned $14.90 billion during the quarter. FedEx had a return on equity of 22.02% and a net margin of 3.35%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 19.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $2.58 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect FedEx to post $12.01 EPS for the current fiscal year and $13.52 EPS for the next fiscal year. Shares of FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) opened at 194.59 on Friday. FedEx Co. has a 12-month low of $145.00 and a 12-month high of $201.57. The stock has a market capitalization of $51.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.60 and a beta of 1.14. The company has a 50-day moving average of $192.11 and a 200 day moving average of $183.57. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 13th will be issued a $0.40 dividend. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.82%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 9th. FedEx’s dividend payout ratio is presently 23.46%. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Avondale Partners reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $182.50 price target on shares of FedEx in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised FedEx from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, March 10th. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $205.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $230.00 price target on FedEx and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $190.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $199.11. Your IP Address: In other FedEx news, EVP Robert B. Carter sold 34,580 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $191.22, for a total value of $6,612,387.60. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,062 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,735,795.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO David J. Bronczek sold 36,529 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $192.08, for a total value of $7,016,490.32. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 83,716 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,080,169.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 8.67% of the company’s stock. FedEx Company Profile FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Breaking News Exclusive: Tillerson plans to skip NATO meeting, visit Russia in April - sources Exclusive: Trump administration weighing broad sanctions on North Korea - U.S. official South Korea's Park apologizes, promises cooperation in graft probe IRA street fighter turned statesman, Martin McGuinness dies aged 66 Syrian rebels launch offensive on Damascus gateway, retake ground FBI head confirms Russia election probe, says Moscow backed Trump U.S. to ban some airline passengers from carrying larger electronics Trump's Russian imbroglio prompts Republican rethink on surveillance law Republicans revamp Obamacare bill as Trump moves to promote overhaul Democrats raise doubts about Trump's high court nominee Gorsuch Tue 21 Mar 2017 - 22 Jumada II 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → US factory, consumer data boost economic outlook US factory, consumer data boost economic outlook Saturday 18th, March 2017 / 18:29 Written by Oman Observer in Business WASHINGTON: US factory output increased for a sixth straight month in February while consumer sentiment rebounded in early March, underscoring the economy’s resilience even as growth appears to have slowed significantly in the first quarter. That was supported by other data on Friday showing a gauge of future economic activity rose in February to its highest level in more than a decade. The improving outlook backs the Federal Reserve’s decision this week to raise interest rates. “First-quarter growth is likely to disappoint, but that is not the full economic story,” said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland, Pennsylvania. “There are other segments that are starting to pick up the slack.” The Fed said manufacturing production increased 0.5 per cent last month after a similar gain in January. That was the biggest back-to-back increase in three years. Rising commodity prices are boosting demand for machinery and other equipment. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 per cent of the US economy, is regaining ground as the prolonged drag from lower oil prices, a strong dollar and an inventory overhang fades. It is also benefiting from a surge in business confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to pursue business-friendly policies, including tax cuts and deregulation. “Manufacturing is set to do well for a change, after several years of lagging far behind,” said Michael Montgomery, a US economist at IHS Markit in Lexington, Massachusetts. “The sector is racking up solid growth, that is a very welcome change at beleaguered factories.” The dollar fell to a five-week low against a basket of currencies, remaining under pressure for a third straight session, after the Fed raised interest rates on Wednesday for the third time since the 2008 financial crisis, but stuck to its gradual pace of monetary policy tightening. Stocks on Wall Street were little changed, while prices for US government debt were trading higher. SENTIMENT RISES:  President Donald Trump’s pledges to boost economic growth and employment have also been embraced by Americans, leading to a jump in consumer sentiment. In a separate report on Friday, the University of Michigan said its consumer sentiment index rose 1.3 percentage points to a reading of 97.6 in early March. The survey’s measure of current conditions was the highest since 2000 as households grew optimistic about their finances. That reflects two straight months of job gains above 200,000.  While Trump’s election has buoyed confidence among households and businesses, that has not translated into a surge in either business or consumer spending as details of the administration’s economic policy remain vague. “Despite the favourable news on sentiment, real consumer spending has been looking pretty soft in recent months,” said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. In a third report on Friday, the Conference Board said its leading economic index increased 0.6 per cent in February to its highest level in over a decade. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting GDP rising at a 0.9 per cent annualised rate in the first quarter, braking after the fourth quarter’s 1.9 per cent pace. February’s solid increase in manufacturing output was insufficient to lift industrial production, which was unchanged because of a 5.7 per cent weather-driven plunge in utilities generation. Industrial production fell 0.1 per cent in January. Mining output increased 2.7 per cent last month, lifted by a 7.1 per cent surge in oil and gas well drilling. Last month, manufacturing output was boosted by a 0.8 per cent rebound in the production of motor vehicle and parts. Machinery output increased 1.1 per cent. There were also increases in the production of primary metals, fabricated metal products and nonmetallic mineral products. Computers and electronic products output rose 0.7 per cent last month. With manufacturing output accelerating, capacity utilisation — a measure of how fully factories are deploying their resources — rose 0.3 percentage point to 75.6 per cent last month, the highest since October 2015. Still, it remains 2.8 percentage points below its long-run average. “Business surveys have shown an encouraging pickup in investment plans since the election, but for now low capacity utilisation rates are providing limited urgency to ramp up capex immediately,” said Ted Wieseman, an economist at Morgan Stanley in New York. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Beijing, Saudi agree to more oil cooperation Billions of dollars in identity management → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM greetings to Namibia President HM gets message from Belarus President CBO raises capital to RO 1bn Sultanate reports 9 cases of Congo Fever Read More ... Facebook Twitter about 1 hour agoOman needs to liberalize visa regime to get more tourists @oticoman1 @asaasoman @OmanTourism /t.co/OitjJo2it1 2 hours agoOver one million #Omanis go to #UAE every year for tourism @OmanObserver omantourism @asaasoman @oticoman1 /t.co/eBbubMJKrW 2 hours ago#Oman is only sixth among tourism-ready economies in the Middle East @oticoman1 @OmanTourism @asaasoman /t.co/iteRMND6ki Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Rochester Business Journal Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Log In / Register / Signup for FREE eNewsletters Archive Search Searching   Home News Archive Previous Daily Editions In the Weekly Edition Fast Start Newsroom Contacts Submit News Editorial Calendar E-newsletters News by Industry RBJ Snap Poll On Sports Weather RBJ Extra: 2016 RBJ 75 Rochester Chamber Top 100 2015 RBJ Schools Report Card RBJ 2015 Best of the Web Alumni of Rochester Business Journal Forty Under 40 How the Snap Poll is conducted RBJ Extra: RBJ-Siena Business Leaders Survey 2015 Golisano Children's Hospital 2016 Schools Report Card Opinion Opinion Page RBJ Snap Poll Submit a Letter to the Editor Comment Policy Lists & Research About the Lists Submit a List Survey Order The Book of Lists RBJ List Center Local Stocks Rochester Giving Rochester Economic Profile Databases/Directories Resources Online UVC UNY Startup Map Photos & Multimedia Multimedia Photo Gallery Slideshows Seen Submit Photos Small Business School RBJ Slideshow: Airigami RBJ Slideshow: General Motors Components Holdings LLC RBJ Slideshow: Branca RBJ Slideshow: Zweigle's expanding RBJ Slideshow: Riedman Cos. condominiums RBJ Slideshow: StoneBrook RBJ Slideshow: Bill Gray's Regional Iceplex RBJ Slideshow: 2014 Wealth of Health Awards nominees RBJ Slideshow: New High Point building attracts CooperVision RBJ Slideshow: Fishers Ridge Bass Pro Shops RBJ Slideshow: The Tavern at Clover RBJ Slideshow: Culver Road Armory RBJ Slideshow: Jewish Senior Life RBJ Slideshow: Rochester mourns loss of Glazers Forty Under 40 - 20th anniversary RBJ Slideshow: Crisis of Poverty breakfast RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Wealth of Health event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Financial Executive of the Year award RBJ Slideshow: Garth Fagan's Signature Style RBJ Slideshow: Work to begin in fall on Sibley Building RBJ Slideshow: Toy Halls of Fame at Strong Museum RBJ Slideshow: 2015 RBJ Forty Under 40 event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Best of the Web event RBJ Slideshow: 2015 Women's Leadership Summit RBJ Slideshow: 2015 RBJ Forty Under 40 alumni event RBJ Power Breakfast: Rochester's Photonics Future 2016 Wealth of Health Awards RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Greater Rochester Awards RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Best of the Web RBJ Slideshow: 2016 Women's Leadership Summit RBJ Slideshow: 2016 ROC the Future State of Our Children RBJ Slideshow: 2016 RBJ Forty Under 40 awards Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar Sponsorships Classified Advertising Submit Legal Notice Production Services Contact Us Events Upcoming Register Nominate Past RBJ Webinars Charitable Events Calendar Health Care Achievement Awards Financial Executive of the Year Awards RBJ Power Breakfast Series: Rochester's Photonics Future Newsstand The Book of Lists Reprints and Plaques Renew or Pay Your Subscription Update Subscription Details Supplements/Directories Event Registration Retail Locations Subscribe RBJ Weekly Print Edition RBJ Digital Edition Free Six-Week Trial Subscription RBJ E-newsletters Signup Information & Services About the RBJ Contact Us Customer Service FAQ Work for RBJ Editorial Awards Staff Directory This Week Hyatt reborn in June Personal touch key advantage of independent agents Tina Baughman: Driven by an entrepreneurial spirit Repeat business drives dealership’s sales. Chiropractor Melinda Houle helps clients adjust. The Health Care Achievement Awards 2017 supplement. For Gallina, Metropolitan 'a game changer’' By ANDREA DECKERT Rochester Business Journal February 24, 2017 Andrew Gallina does not expect the Metropolitan to fade into the background.  Rather, he expects the towering building in the center city to serve as a prominent part of the Rochester skyline.  “It’s going to be a game changer down here,” said Gallina, president of Gallina Development Corp.  The firm is the owner and developer of the Metropolitan, a $35.2 million mixed-use commercial and residential project. It was formerly called the Chase Building. Gallina acquired the property in March, 2015 for nearly $5.4 million.  Gallina Development ranked fifth on the most recent Rochester Business Journal list of real estate developers, ranked by total local, nonresidential square footage. The firm owns and manages roughly 2.5 million square feet of office and warehouse space throughout Monroe County. Gallina also owns One East Avenue, Panorama Landing Business Park and Towers Airport Business Park on Scottsville Road in Chili. Gallina and his daughter, Lauren Gallina, the firm’s marketing director, recently sat down with the Rochester Business Journal to talk about the Metropolitan’s transformation and their hopes for growing downtown. An edited transcript follows:   The project ROCHESTER BUSINESS JOURNAL: What do you think of the project so far?  ANDREW GALLINA: It’s been a challenging and complex project. The new entrance is the biggest component, which finally is coming together; and we’re in the final stages of the construction. That’s very exciting, and it’s even bigger and more dominant than what we anticipated on paper. So, I think it’s going to be wonderful.  We have four or five distinct projects going on in the building at any one time. The entranceway is one big component. We’re also under renovations in the lobby. There’s new tile, a painted ceiling and we have removed the bridge to the old Midtown skyway. There’s a new security desk, elevator renovations for all eight elevators, a digital directory and we are in discussions to place a restaurant in the plaza level.  We are converting (some) floors from office to residential, market-rate apartments. Our first tenants should take occupancy April 1. We get calls every day and have a lot of interest; I think they’ll all go.  Floors 16 to 21 will have apartments and the initial plan is for condominiums on floors 22 to 26. Floors three to 15 will be office.  We are shooting for a lot of the work to be done this spring, early summer, with the front entrance loop and lobby done by then. The restaurant could open in May.  RBJ: What’s your favorite part of the project?  ANDREW GALLINA: What really grabs me is the front entrance. It’s quite a complicated arch, because it’s not only an arch; it hangs out and covers the driveway. It’s a complicated structure to build. When I saw it, I said that’s cool, let’s do that.  We worked with Hanlon (Architects P.C.) and others, and there were many variations of the design from a simple entrance to a little more elaborate to this, which is pretty much over the top. This makes a statement for the building. It’s not just an entrance; it provides a feeling as to what we’re trying to accomplish.  When we purchased the building, there was a big bridge here. We called it the bridge to nowhere because it was cut off. It wasn’t functional; it couldn’t be utilized, so we demolished that. We took it down, at no small expense, and opened up space with visions of creating a central area that would be a focal point. We designed a new bridge at grade level. Now as you enter from the new drive-up loop, you walk across this new subtly lighted bridge to the security desk, to the elevators and to the restaurant and sitting areas. RBJ: Talk about some of the challenges associated with this project. ANDREW GALLINA: I think our real challenge is the full design and engineering component. As I mentioned, it’s a very complicated arch design. We didn’t just fill in the moat around the building; we actually had to build a bridge so the driving surface was actually a bridge made out of structural steel. It’s really a unique design and challenging, from not only concept and engineering, but also from the contractors and constructability. It presented problems every step of the way.  LAUREN GALLINA: I think the other challenging part is that we’re totally changing the functionality of the building. So we’re going from a strictly commercial building to a mixed-use building and thinking about things that didn’t exist before. Things like a trash chute that goes through the entire building, a mailroom for tenants to receive packages and mail, a fitness center as an amenity space, bike storage—so things that didn’t exist here before. We really tried to modernize it in that way to have the experience of a true mixed use building. Residential units RBJ: What demographic has been inquiring about the residential units? LAUREN GALLINA: A lot of young professionals, a lot of empty nesters. It will become clearer as the leasing process moves forward. We’ve had newly divorced people, people with alternative lifestyles, show interest.  There’s a real desire to be in the heart of what’s happening, and there is a new energy down here. You feel it with some of the projects going on here; with Tower280 across the street, and the new workforce (downtown). There’s new energy happening, and I think people really want to be a part of that. I am also getting calls about condos. They are still a ways out, but I think people really have an interest in homeownership in the heart of downtown, which isn’t something that’s available right now.  RBJ: Why do you think there’s such an interest in homeownership downtown? LAUREN GALLINA: There’s a sense of pride associated with homeownership; a sense of belonging when you have a non-transient population investing their own money and stake in the ground, staying a long time, thinking about their future in that space. So it’s different than a rental unit, where you’re signing a lease year to year.  City focus RBJ: You’ve traditionally developed properties outside of the city. But over the past few years, you’ve been making more of an investment downtown. Why now? ANDREW GALLINA: I’ve been a city resident for 40 years. And I’ve always had an interest in our downtown corridor and what’s happening and how it’s coming back. For so many years (there has been) the lack of vibrancy. We talked about managing decline for years and years, and we’re finally at a tipping point at trying to manage growth, which is a difficult concept when you haven’t been there before. So it’s a very different dynamic, and the conversation is different. So just thinking in the future, I jumped in at One East Avenue. (Bank of America N.A.) wanted out of the real estate component, and I thought it was a good opportunity. Then JPMorgan (Chase & Co.) wanted to divest its real estate portfolio too (at the Chase building). They wanted to focus on banking operations, so once we started getting closer, we started to say we have to be ready, we have to develop a vision. We saw it as a great opportunity to mix it up a little bit and really rebrand this building. This was a classic (example) in managing decline. The bank was not leasing space, not investing money, was not trying to take care of the building, they were just status quo. So there’s new life, energy and investment in the building.  LAUREN GALLINA: This building is so iconic. It’s recognizable. You see it from most parts of city, and it’s exciting that we are able to put our footprint on something that’s been such an institution in the heart of downtown for so long.  Especially as a multigenerational company, we’re happy to be doing it together.  ANDREW GALLINA: Lauren, Robby and Evan (Gallina’s adult children) all work in the business, and it’s really important to get the next generation involved in leadership and the direction of the city.  I keep talking about creativity. You’ve got to be creative. We can’t rebuild the city the way it was; we need to raise the bar. We’re raising the bar here. We see that and try to push everybody to push the limits.   RBJ: There have been a number of mixed-use projects either recently developed or proposed downtown. Do you worry there are too many units to fill?  ANDREW GALLINA: With the projects in line now, I don’t think any planned now would have trouble being leased; I really don’t. The vacancy for market rate housing is very low right now. More product is coming online, but there continues to be a demand.  We have a list of well over 200 people who have interest, so I don’t think we’ll have trouble leasing our initial 28 units. As we go along, we’re trying to react to the market, and we’ll do that, but I think we’re OK for a while. I think our city is going to be OK for a while. LAUREN GALLINA: But that’s also why we kept some of the building commercial. We want that flexibility of who we are able to accommodate in the space.  People are taking notice that this is a different type of project. It’s exciting, and there is an interest and support around it. We feel embraced by everyone in terms of the positive comments and energy that have been thrown our way for doing something of this scale.  RBJ: What impact do you think the Metropolitan will have on downtown development? ANDREW GALLINA: If you look at Datto (Inc., which is expanding in the Metropolitan), why that deal is so important is because it paves the way for other high-tech companies, and other millennials, that demographic of workforce coming downtown. Hopefully that will attract others to follow suit, and that continues to be my hope. Because that’s what drives a city; people living and working downtown. And we’re doing a pretty good job of attracting the residential side, from a rental standpoint. Office occupancy is 24 percent, which is dismal, and we need to fill up some space to get this momentum going again, so the next sector focused on is condos.  Homeownership is almost nonexistent in the Inner Loop, at less than 4 percent, so that mix of residence is very important in a vibrant city, and we just don’t have that yet. We hope it’s coming. Parcel 5 RBJ: Why did you throw your hat in the ring for Parcel 5, the 1.1-acre, shovel-ready city-owned site where Midtown Plaza once stood?  ANDREW GALLINA: Where that started was simply a conversation as to what our vision would be. What would be the highest and best use of Parcel 5? Where we started was a community solution.  We have four components to that project. We’re maintaining a very sizable portion for green space, for a park. We plan to develop a two-story underground parking garage, because we have parking challenges in this downtown area. We’re addressing some of the retail and commercial space, so we can really energize Main Street in terms of retail development. Then the fourth is for-sale condos, once again addressing that need for homeownership within the Inner Loop. It wasn’t just our project. It was about what do you think would be the best, and that’s why we really focused with that project on presenting what we thought was the best option. 2/24/2017 (c) 2017 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-546-8303 or email service@rbj.net.   What You're Saying  There are no comments yet. Be the first to add yours! Post Your Own Comment  Username: Password: Not registered? Sign up now!   RBJ Headlines Board to hold health care career event OFD Foods to build $25 million facility, add 30 jobs in Henrietta Rochester doc receives Golisano Global Health Leadership Award New-car sales rev up in February Gas prices here roughly unchanged from last week More Headlines > To Do   Text Size Post A Comment eMail View All Comments Print Reprints E-mailed Commented Viewed Most Viewed Articles Rochester doc receives Golisano Global Health Leadership Award OFD Foods to build $25 million facility, add 30 jobs in Henrietta Rochester Advertising Federation holds ADDYs Semi-finalists selected for 2017 Rochester Venture Challenge Board to hold health care career event Recently Commented Articles Jacobs named editor as RBJ restructures Reconnect Rochester to host screening at the Little Wilmorite proposes project at Schoen Place Omalu isn't afraid to speak his mind about concussions Cultural diversity represented in Rochester Most Emailed Articles There have been no articles emailed within the past week Site Search Site Search RBJ   Google About RBJ  |  Advertising Opportunities  |  Contact Us  |  Customer Service  |  Copyright Notice  |  Privacy Policy  |  Work for RBJ  |  Site Map  |  RSS ©2017 Rochester Business Journal. All rights reserved.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Brexit has started to kill off jobs in London: 'We’ve already witnessed, what was a handful of jobs leaving, become hundreds. How long before we’re looking at losing thousands, even millions?' Ben Moshinsky, Business Insider UK Mar. 16, 2017, 5:50 AM 1,716 facebook linkedin twitter email print The sun is setting on the City of London Charles Clark/Business Insider LONDON – The number of new available jobs listed in the the UK's financial centre fell 17% in February year-on-year to 6,945, according to a survey by Morgan McKinley. The number of people seeking jobs dropped by a huge 38% from February 2016, while month-on-month the number of fresh open positions decreased by 23% in February. Those who did find new jobs in February got an average of a 19% pay rise. In July, the month after the June Brexit vote, the survey reported that the number of new City jobs plunged 27% while the number of people seeking them dropped 13%. "Brexit has pushed institutions into two camps," said Hakan Enver, operations director at Morgan McKinley Financial Services, adding: "On one side we’ve got the 'business as usual’ team, and on the other we have the institutions that are tired of the government’s hemming and hawing and have already begun to move jobs to other EU countries. It’s the latter group that’s contributed to the quarter drop in jobs available." Here is the chart of new jobs: Morgan McKinley "There’s a chance we’ll see a post Article 50 uptick in April, just as we did post-Brexit," he said. "But the data suggests that Brexit has had a fundamental depressing effect on City jobs. We’ve already witnessed, what was a handful of jobs leaving, become hundreds. How long before we’re looking at losing thousands, even millions?" Brexit, and the future status of London as the European Union's financial centre, has been the main focus for those entering the City's job market. Prime minister Theresa May's government has raised the possibility of a so-called "Hard Brexit," which prioritises immigration control over membership of the European single market. Such a move would also lead to the automatic loss of the City of London's EU financial passport. The loss of passporting rights would be devastating to the City of London. The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) said earlier this year that 5,500 UK companies rely on passporting rights, with a combined turnover of £9 billion.  HSBC, JPMorgan, and UBS have all warned about job relocations. Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, told Bloomberg at Davos that the bank will likely move more people than previously thought. "It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for," Dimon said. The bank employs 16,000 people in the UK.    More from Business Insider UK: ESPN anchor puts Tiger Woods on the spot and calls him out for his balding hair Here's what the future holds for ESPN Films after winning an Oscar for its O.J. Simpson documentary I used Amazon's Alexa to control a Ford Fusion and I'm convinced it's the future of driving (F) North Korea blasts US arsenal in fresh propaganda video Adobe is now officially an ad tech company (ADBE) NOW WATCH: These are the states you should live in to pay the least taxes Loading video... More: City Brexit EU Referendum Job Market Apester Poll facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Brexit has started to kill off jobs in London: 'We’ve already witnessed, what was a handful of jobs leaving, become hundreds. How long before we’re looking at losing thousands, even millions?' Brexit has started to kill off jobs in London: 'We’ve already witnessed, what was a handful of jobs leaving, become hundreds. How long before we’re looking at losing thousands, even millions?' LONDON – The number of new available jobs... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → March → Another ‘Alternative’ to Diversifying Your Portfolio Another ‘Alternative’ to Diversifying Your Portfolio March 18, 2017 at 11:00 am by Iris.xyz By J.P. Asset Management via Iris.xyz With investment returns around the world declining, investors have increasingly been looking beyond traditional asset classes to pick up incremental returns and further diversify their portfolios. That’s where the potential of alternatives comes in, says Yazann Romahi, Chief Investment Officer of Quantitative Beta Strategies at J.P. Morgan Asset Management and Lead Portfolio Manager of JPMorgan Diversified Alternatives ETF (JPHF). Once only available to institutional investors, alternative strategies are becoming more mainstream and accessible to individual investors. A new take on diversification Alternative strategies are a very important source of diversification in investor portfolios, as they can give investors access to liquid, low-cost and transparent investment styles that were previously only available through illiquid and high-cost investment vehicles. Click here to read the full story on Iris.xyz. You might also like: Using ETFs to Manage Inflation Risks Five Reasons Why You’re Not Getting Referrals 6 Money Hacks to Lighten Your Budget Less Debt? Less Leverage? It’s Practically Un-American! Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Using ETFs to Manage Inflation Risks March 20, 2017 Featured Charles Schwab Platform Provides a Clearer Picture on ETF Growth March 20, 2017 Video A Way for International ETF Investors to Keep Currency Risks in Check March 20, 2017 Currency-Hedged Listless U.S. Stock ETFs Try to Find Their Momentum March 20, 2017 Equities An Energy ETF That Warrants a Look March 20, 2017 Equities AdvisorShares Reverses Decision to Close Dividend ETF ‘DIVI’ March 20, 2017 Equities Smart Beta ETFs for Rising U.S. Interest Rates March 20, 2017 Smart-Beta Regional Bank ETF Strategy Disappoints Despite Fed Assist March 20, 2017 Equities Using ETFs to Manage Inflation Risks March 20, 2017 Featured Charles Schwab Platform Provides a Clearer Picture on ETF Growth March 20, 2017 Video A Way for International ETF Investors to Keep Currency Risks in Check March 20, 2017 Currency-Hedged Listless U.S. Stock ETFs Try to Find Their Momentum March 20, 2017 Equities An Energy ETF That Warrants a Look March 20, 2017 Equities About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Bank of America Just Proved It’s Serious About Raising Its Dividend CEO Brian Moynihan talked at length about the bank’s dividend in his latest annual letter to shareholders. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Mar 18, 2017 at 10:42AM If there was any doubt about Bank of America's (NYSE:BAC) desire to raise its dividend, then CEO Brian Moynihan's recently released annual letter to shareholders should put that doubt to rest. Moynihan mentioned the word "dividend" nine times in his letter, two of which referenced the bank's "focus on increasing" its quarterly payout. This will come as no surprise to investors who have followed Bank of America's progress since the financial crisis, when the bank was forced to cut its once-generous dividend to $0.01 per share. Soon after Moynihan took over at the beginning of 2010, he made it clear that one of his priorities was to restart the flow of capital to shareholders. Image source: Getty Images. The problem, however, was that the Federal Reserve had different ideas. It gained authority over big-bank capital plans in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act as part of the central bank's duty to oversee the industry's annual stress tests. In the inaugural test under the new legislation in 2011, Bank of America's request to increase its dividend was denied, which seems to have convinced the North Carolina-based bank to avoid asking for another increase until 2014, when it boosted its quarterly payout to $0.05 per share. It then increased it again, to $0.075 per share, two years later. BAC Dividend data by YCharts. Meanwhile, all of the other large banks, with the exception of Citigroup, have been given the go-ahead to raise their dividends on an annual basis. The net result is that Bank of America pays out half as much of its earnings to shareholders each year compared to banks like Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase. It's for this reason that one of Moynihan's top hopes for the current presidential administration, which has vowed to ease the regulatory burden on banks, is that it will remove the Fed's veto power over big-bank dividend plans. Asked at an industry conference last year what aspects of Dodd-Frank that Congress and the incoming Trump administration should revisit, Moynihan answered: For us as a company, just because of where we are, it's about capital return.... It's about getting certainly around the ability to have access to your capital return once you've met all the hurdles. And whether those hurdles move up or down because of various peoples' points of view, the issue is the industry's above them, and now we need to be able to get the capital out. Whether this actually happens remains to be seen. But even if it doesn't, given Bank of America's improving prospects, with near-record earnings in 2016 and an even better performance shaping up for 2017 thanks to rising interest rates, it seems safe to say that shareholders of the nation's second biggest bank by assets will see their quarterly dividend checks rise over the quarters and years ahead. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Mar 18, 2017 at 10:42AM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $24.44 down $0.42 (-1.69%) Read More 3 Reasons Bank of America Should Have a Very Good Year The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Bank of America Stock? Bank of America's Shares Just Crossed an Important Threshold Which Bank Has the Best Dividend Stock? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Bank of America Just Proved It’s Serious About Raising Its Dividend @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Venture Capital At Peter Thiel’s Palantir, Allegations of Theft and Deception The data mining startup blocked China’s CDH Investments from buying stock, says an unredacted lawsuit obtained by Bloomberg. by Lizette Chapman @lizette_chapman More stories by Lizette Chapman March 18, 2017, 8:00 AM EDT Peter Thiel. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg Marc Abramowitz thought he’d found kindred spirits in the founders of Palantir Technologies Inc. Like Chief Executive Officer Alex Karp and billionaire Chairman Peter Thiel, Abramowitz was a Stanford University alumnus looking to build a business empire. In 2006, Abramowitz made an investment in their then unknown startup and became a regular around the office. In recent years, Palantir has risen to be a global data mining giant with a $20 billion valuation. Abramowitz’s shares are estimated to be worth $60 million. But his relationship with the founders has turned toxic, and they now have competing lawsuits in two states. Abramowitz’s suit was filed last week in Delaware’s Chancery Court, saying Palantir thwarted his efforts to sell shares and that the company must disclose its books and records. Bloomberg has obtained an unredacted copy of the suit, which hasn’t been previously reported. It alleges that Palantir blocked a planned sale of Abramowitz’s shares to Chinese private equity firm CDH Investments Fund Management Co. and that Palantir violated an agreement with Abramowitz to provide him with quarterly financial statements and access to shareholder meetings. Palantir, which sued Abramowitz in September for attempting to claim patent ownership for the company’s work, said the new suit is without merit. It said it shouldn’t have to disclose information about its inner-workings or finances because Abramowitz’s interests are at odds with the company’s. “This lawsuit is nothing more than a blatant attempt to distract from Mr. Abramowitz’s unlawful and egregious theft of our intellectual property,” Palantir wrote in an emailed statement. Founded in 2004, Palantir is among Silicon Valley’s most highly valued and secretive companies. In addition to Abramowitz’s investment firm KT4 Partners LLC, an early backer was the venture capital arm of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. Palantir’s customers include government spy agencies around the world. It’s well-positioned to cash in on more government work thanks to Thiel’s relationship with President Donald Trump. The legal battles highlight the contentious relationships between startup investors and companies that want to maintain tight control of stockholders. Investors rarely receive financial updates and wield little influence over their ability to cash out through a stock sale, merger or initial public offering. Thiel, 49, maintains a variety of business interests, from internet, finance and energy to rocket ships. Abramowitz, 64, has his own eclectic mix of holdings. He has owned, operated or invested in a medical startup, a lumber business and a hobby-and-craft store, according to a former employer, the private equity firm Riverlake Partners LLC. Abramowitz purchased Palantir shares through his KT4 Partners from 2006 to 2008, according to the suit. He claimed contracts entitled him to quarterly financial statements and annual shareholder meetings, neither of which ever took place. This didn’t appear to bother him much at the time, because he began to frequent the startup’s Palo Alto, California, headquarters. He spent so much time at Palantir’s campus from 2010 to 2015 that he requested his own office, according to the suit filed by Palantir in September. Palantir’s trust in Abramowitz broke down after the investor filed for five patents in his name for work completed by the company, according to the September lawsuit. Palantir claimed he stole trade secrets. During the past two years, Palantir interfered in two attempts by Abramowitz’s firm to sell stock, according to his suit. KT4 Partners negotiated in May 2015 to sell preferred shares to Highbridge Capital Management LLC, once majority-owned by JPMorgan Chase Co. When Abramowitz’s group notified Palantir of the sale, Palantir dispatched an adviser to Highbridge in an attempt to persuade the firm to purchase shares directly from the company. Alexander Fishman, the adviser and a former Palantir employee, was told by a Highbridge managing partner to leave because an agreement had already been made. Palantir’s CEO personally intervened to approve the transaction after he was informed that JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon was going to contact him, the suit alleged. In December 2015, KT4 Partners and other shareholders, including early Palantir employee Rosco Hill, had negotiated the sale of hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of stock to a fund organized by TPG. The planned buyer was China’s CDH Investments, according to the unredacted court filing. Hill, who once served as “advisor to the CEO,” told Palantir about the proposed sale, and the company again dispatched the same advisory firm as before. CDH Investments backed out of the deal after that meeting, the suit said. Stuart Schonberger, managing director at CDH Investments who was involved in the proposed deal, didn’t respond to a request for comment. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up In August 2016, Palantir sought to retroactively amend the contracts with Abramowitz’s firm to remove references to financial disclosures and annual meetings, the suit said. It also tried to stipulate that incoming shareholders wouldn’t have access to such information if KT4 Partners sold its shares. A month later, Palantir filed suit. Since then, its CEO has begun to publicly entertain the idea of providing a consistent way for stockholders to cash out, including a potential IPO. The Delaware case is KT4 Partners LLC v. Palantir Technologies Inc., 2017-0177, Delaware Court of Chancery. The California case is Palantir Technologies Inc. V. Abramowitz, 16CV299476, California Superior Court, Santa Clara County (San Jose). Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Comey Deals Trump a Political Blow When He Can Least Afford It Oil Drops as U.S. Drilling Growth Threatens to Counter OPEC Cuts Italy’s Struggling Economy Has World’s Healthiest People David Rockefeller, Banker, Philanthropist, Heir, Dies at 101 Comey Confirms Russia Inquiry, Rejects Trump Wiretap Claims Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Shares Sold by Boothbay Fund Management LLC March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Boothbay Fund Management LLC reduced its stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) by 56.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 1,125 shares of the investment management company’s stock after selling 1,449 shares during the period. Boothbay Fund Management LLC’s holdings in Goldman Sachs Group were worth $269,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 35.1% in the second quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. now owns 7,269 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $1,080,000 after buying an additional 1,888 shares during the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 26.3% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 112,955 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $16,783,000 after buying an additional 23,529 shares during the last quarter. Evercore Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 10.7% in the second quarter. Evercore Wealth Management LLC now owns 2,180 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $324,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 351.6% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 599,802 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $96,730,000 after buying an additional 466,993 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First American Trust FSB boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 33.0% in the third quarter. First American Trust FSB now owns 22,825 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $3,681,000 after buying an additional 5,666 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) opened at 243.94 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $245.50 and its 200-day moving average price is $212.23. The firm has a market cap of $101.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.98 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group Inc has a 1-year low of $138.20 and a 1-year high of $255.15. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, January 18th. The investment management company reported $5.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $4.82 by $0.26. The firm had revenue of $8.17 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.80 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $4.68 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Goldman Sachs Group Inc will post $19.14 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be paid a dividend of $0.65 per share. This represents a $2.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.07%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, February 28th. Goldman Sachs Group’s payout ratio is currently 15.89%. Your IP Address: GS has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Macquarie upgraded Goldman Sachs Group from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, November 18th. Vetr cut Goldman Sachs Group from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $188.57 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, November 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Nomura cut Goldman Sachs Group from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Instinet cut Goldman Sachs Group from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $201.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company. Goldman Sachs Group presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $221.18. In other news, insider Harvey M. Schwartz sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total value of $5,849,750.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 251,256 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $58,791,391.44. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director James A. /Dc/ Johnson sold 11,600 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total value of $2,714,284.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 11,600 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,714,284. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 128,590 shares of company stock worth $30,926,594 in the last ninety days. 2.61% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is a bank holding company and a financial holding company. The Company operates through four segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. The Company’s Investment Banking segment provides financial advisory services, which include advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, spin-offs and risk management. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS). Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ancora Advisors LLC Invests $157,000 in FedEx Co. (FDX) March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ancora Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 845 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock, valued at approximately $157,000. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC increased its stake in FedEx by 21.1% in the third quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 597 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 104 shares during the last quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. increased its stake in FedEx by 15.0% in the third quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 652 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the last quarter. Brick & Kyle Associates increased its stake in FedEx by 2.2% in the third quarter. Brick & Kyle Associates now owns 664 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Coconut Grove Bank increased its stake in FedEx by 2.2% in the third quarter. Coconut Grove Bank now owns 758 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $133,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. Finally, 1832 Asset Management L.P. bought a new stake in FedEx during the third quarter worth about $160,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 75.22% of the company’s stock. Shares of FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) opened at 194.59 on Friday. FedEx Co. has a 1-year low of $145.00 and a 1-year high of $201.57. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $192.11 and its 200 day moving average is $183.57. The company has a market cap of $51.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.60 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, December 20th. The shipping service provider reported $2.80 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.90 by $0.10. The company had revenue of $14.90 billion for the quarter. FedEx had a return on equity of 22.02% and a net margin of 3.35%. The firm’s revenue was up 19.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $2.58 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that FedEx Co. will post $12.01 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 13th will be issued a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.82%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 9th. FedEx’s payout ratio is presently 23.46%. Your IP Address: A number of research analysts have weighed in on FDX shares. Deutsche Bank AG started coverage on shares of FedEx in a research report on Thursday, November 24th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Vetr raised shares of FedEx from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $206.69 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $205.00 price target on shares of FedEx and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $200.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $230.00 price target on shares of FedEx and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $199.11. In related news, CEO David J. Bronczek sold 36,529 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $192.08, for a total transaction of $7,016,490.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 83,716 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,080,169.28. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Robert B. Carter sold 34,580 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $191.22, for a total value of $6,612,387.60. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,062 shares in the company, valued at $14,735,795.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 8.67% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About FedEx FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FDX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX). Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Presidency Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Ryan puts speakership on the line with Obamacare blitz Trump's winning SCOTUS move? Staying out of it White House squeezes GOP hard-liners as Obamacare vote nears 5 things to watch as Gorsuch gets grilled Brat: ‘There’s primaries coming’ off Obamacare repeal Is Russiagate a Conspiracy Theory? GOP assault on Obamacare rattles workers in California's 'gig economy' The health-care law's unraveling is expected to shake workers in non-permanent jobs around the country, but probably no place is more affected than the Golden state. By Victoria Colliver 03/18/17 07:18 AM EDT Updated 03/17/17 06:10 PM EDT Those working for online on-demand companies like TaskRabbit, AirBnB and ride-sharing services get the most attention, but make up a relatively small percentage of the independent, non-employee workforce. | Getty Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print SAN FRANCISCO — Republican plans to scrap Obamacare and roll back its Medicaid expansion are sending tremors through the burgeoning "gig economy" — and nowhere more so than in California. With the Silicon Valley and on-demand companies like Lyft and Uber in its backyard, the Bay Area will be a laboratory for determining whether repeal efforts shift employment away from temporary jobs and startups into more traditional employment — potentially dampening innovation. Story Continued Below As goes California, so might go the rest of the nation in an economy increasingly built around temporary jobs, freelance gigs, part-time work and entrepreneurial ventures — arrangements that typically lack health care and other benefits. A new report by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office showing the number of uninsured people growing by 24 million in a decade under the GOP plan to repeal the health law fuels concerns that more Americans will suffer "job lock" — meaning they won't leave their jobs for fear of losing health coverage. As a result, the repeal plan could stifle entrepreneurship and small business creation widely credited with driving economic growth. “Lawmakers who dream of gutting the Affordable Care Act do not seem to care about its importance to small business owners, particularly those who are solo entrepreneurs," John Arensmeyer, founder and CEO of Small Business Majority, wrote in a Health Affairs blog post. "What these politicians fail to understand is that the health care law is the first meaningful insurance reform available to entrepreneurs in decades. In fact, for many self-employed business owners, their firms would not exist without it.” Concerns over health benefits hang over Lisa Nieves' dreams of starting her own business. The Oakland, Calif., resident, who was covered under Obamacare's Medicaid expansion most of the past two years, is trying to open a worker-owned cafe and wants to cover her prospective employees as well as herself. The law's repeal could spur her to put her plans on hold. “If Obamacare gets repealed, I’m anxious. What do I do?” she said. “Right now, there is just so much instability. I don’t know how that will shift the market and what that will mean for health insurance costs in terms of small businesses ... This could be the thing that deters us from moving forward.” White House Trump’s media diet causes global heartburn By Matthew Nussbaum Republicans have argued that Obamacare, in fact, may discourage people from entering the workforce because insurance subsidies decrease as incomes rise. “We don't want federal tax law or tax credits to ever encourage a person not to advance, not to get a raise, not to take a job,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said last week. But the Republicans’ tax credits for insurance could have a similar effect, making households lose subsidies as income rises until they phase out at $75,000 for individuals and $150,000 for families. Sam Altman, who runs the Silicon Valley startup incubator Y Combinator, credits the ACA with helping a lot of founders start their companies. “The Affordable Care Act is far from perfect — for one thing, I think health insurance should be entirely separate from employment — but I hate the thought of losing it without a replacement for people who will lose insurance,” he wrote in a blog post, in which he shared the stories of startup founders who used Obamacare to get health insurance while taking the inherently risky step of starting their companies. It's tough to determine whether Obamacare directly contributed to an individual’s decision to start their own business or leave a full-time job to become an entrepreneur. What is clear is that the self-employed have taken advantage of the new ACA marketplaces. Figures released this year by the U.S. Treasury Department shortly before President Donald Trump took office showed one in five people who enrolled in the Obamacare marketplaces in 2014 were small business owners or self-employed, or both. These enrollees were nearly three times as likely to purchase ACA coverage as other workers. There are between 54 million and 68 million independent workers in the labor force, defined as any individual “who can move between jobs fluidly and who has multiple employers or clients over the course of the year,” in a McKinsey Global Institute study published last fall. The software company Intuit predicts that will be part of the “contingent workforce” by 2020. Those working for online on-demand companies like TaskRabbit, AirBnB and ride-sharing services get the most attention, but make up a relatively small percentage of the independent, non-employee workforce. Trump cracks the whip on Obamacare, fueling GOP momentum The cohort grows bigger when other types of independent workers are factored in — the budding entrepreneurs, sole proprietors, dog walkers and graphic designers and writers who freelance for many companies. Some work part-time as employees, but also earn a significant share of their income from independent work. Such arrangements leave the individuals shut out of employer-sponsored health insurance because they aren't full-time workers. Instead they typically obtain coverage through the Obamacare health exchanges, a spouse's health plan, privately purchased insurance or government payers including Medicaid. Workers younger than 26 can now remain on their parents’ policy under the ACA. “The Affordable Care Act was a very important step in making health care available for people who do not have coverage through a job. The ability to get health coverage has always been a barrier in the U.S. to entrepreneurship,” said Ken Jacobs, who runs the University of California, Berkeley Labor Center for Research and Education. Gauging the size of the independent workforce is tough, because there’s no one, clear definition of who makes up that population. UC Berkeley labor researchers are working on a study to get a handle on the size of the independent workforce — those who don’t receive W-2 forms from an employer and, instead, file 1099 tax forms. What’s clear is that this segment of the workforce is growing. A JPMorgan Chase Institute study last year found a 47-fold increase in the number of people nationwide earning income in the gig economy between 2012 and 2015. San Francisco, where many of these large on-demand companies are based, has the largest percentage of workers earning income from these on-line platforms — at 5.1 percent, according to the study. Many of these workers have moved from their parents' plans into a market where there are no coverage caps and applicants can’t be rejected for pre-existing conditions. While they may be struggling with rising rates, they don’t recall the sky-high premium spikes that fueled the Obamacare debate in 2009. And despite Obamacare’s flaws, they’re worried their post-ACA options could be worse. “A lot of these people came of age during the ACA,” said Andy Slavitt, former acting administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. “The very idea they can’t do these things and get health insurance is just starting to dawn on them.” Congress Freedom Caucus aligns with Bannon in risky Obamacare gambit By Rachael Bade, Tara Palmeri and Kyle Cheney Micah Weinberg, president of the Bay Area Council Economic Institute, called repealing Obamacare without an adequate program to replace it “an economic disaster waiting to happen.” “Entrepreneurs aren’t just people working in VC-backed startups. There are lots of entrepreneurs across the region, state and nation making, at least in the initial phases, only a few thousand dollars,” Weinberg said. In San Francisco, a 40-year-old making $30,000 a year receiving $3,800 a year in subsidies under the ACA would get $3,000 in assistance in 2020 under the Republican plan, according to an analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation. In Santa Cruz County, the drop is even more steep — from $5,490 to $3,000, for a 45 percent decline. In Alameda County, which includes Oakland, the 40-year-old would see a 11 percent reduction under the House proposal compared to the current law. Graham Gardner, 33, was able to quit his job last year to work full time building the company he founded a year earlier, Civil Labs, an Oakland enterprise that allows young people to experience entrepreneurship through real and simulated activities. Gardner bought insurance with the help of subsidies through the state’s exchange, Covered California. But he was surprised to discover his income had dropped so low at times he qualified for Medi-Cal, the state’s Medicaid program. Changes to the health law that would replace subsidies with less generous tax credits strikes him as inherently anti-business — and an irony considering President Donald Trump's pro-business stance. “Any barrier to allowing someone to pursue their dream seems like a barrier to greater innovation and business activity in our communities,” Gardner said. Gig workers could be even more at risk. Dana Bigelow left his San Francisco tech job after his mother got sick to care for her full time. He makes money as a “dasher” — working as a driver for the food delivery service DoorDash. “While the flexibility and variety is great, I needed to purchase health insurance and the Affordable Care Act helped me do that,” Bigelow said in an archived posting on the Health and Human Service Department's web site, which was removed after Trump took office. POLITICO Huddle A preview of the day's congressional news — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Still, health care may not be a dealbreaker that ACA backers would like people to think it is. The lack of data on this population makes it difficult to determine how many independent workers have health coverage, and how they get it. Harry Campbell, a part-time Lyft and Uber driver who runs TheRideShareGuy.com, a blog and podcast for on-demand drivers, conducted a survey this year of about 1,150 drivers and found that health coverage wasn’t among the drivers’ top concerns. More than a quarter of drivers — 26.5 percent — said they got health insurance through another job, which supports the theory that many people drive on the side to supplement their income. The second-highest percentage at 16.4 percent said they were covered through a spouse while 15 percent were on Medicare. Just over 10 percent said they bought coverage through the Obamacare exchanges, and 12.7 percent were uninsured. “The thing a lot of drivers value about working for Uber is that flexibility, and it’s that flexibility that allows them to be doing other entrepreneurial activities,” said Campbell, 30, of Los Angeles. “In L.A., there are a lot of actors. It’s a cliche, but it’s true.” But health insurance still was a key concern for Campbell. Having access to coverage allowed him leave his job three years ago as an engineer for Boeing to drive and manage his ride-sharing blog full time. “The one thing I was pretty worried about — it wasn’t a necessarily a deal breaker, but was one of the top concerns — was health insurance,” Campbell said. He and his wife are insured through a policy they bought on the Covered California exchange. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Authors: Victoria Colliver vcolliver@politico.com This story tagged under: Uber Republicans California Obamacare Affordable Care Act Airbnb Listen to today's flash briefing POLITICO Playbook's must-listen rundown on what's driving the day in Washington. Hosted by Jake Sherman and Anna Palmer. Play | Read | Sign Up Now Show Comments Most Read FBI’s Trump-Russia probe knocks White House on its heels Ivanka Trump set to get West Wing office as role expands Trump blasts 'fake news' CNN's polls Clinton camp unloads on Comey Comey confirms FBI probe into Trump-Russia collusion Ryan puts speakership on the line with Obamacare blitz Why Trump Can’t Let Go of His Bogus Wiretapping Claim 5 takeaways from Comey’s Trump takedown Trump Still Hasn't Done Very Much Time, People pull out of White House Correspondents' Dinner party Politico Magazine Tillerson Bumbles Around Asia By Ely Ratner The Politics of Being Chuck Berry By David Cohen The Most Abused Press Secretary in History By John A. Farrell Why Trump Can’t Let Go of His Bogus Wiretapping Claim By James D. Robenalt More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Mar 212017 E- Edition Newspaper Mar 21, 2017 Last Updated at 11:17 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Over 1,400 migrants rescued at sea arrive in Italy Trump talks Supreme Court and criminals in Kentucky Spain's 'Fallas' festival ends with burning of giant sculptures BP’s gas project in Oman expected to deliver 1.5b cubic feet of natural gas per day WATCH: 100% tax increase on unhealthy products in Oman Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage United States government may ban carry-on electricals on flights Tanfeedh Handbook to be made public soon 'Be alert, focused while driving on wet roads in Oman' In Pictures: Heavy rain falls in Oman Update: Oman lashed by heavy rain   OmanPride: Steph McQuaid popularises Gaelic football in Oman OmanPride: Chef Salim Al Kalbani, putting the essence of Oman on a plate OmanPride: Salman Al Fazari, Oman’s first male makeup artist breaking barriers OmanPride: Althaf Abdul, passion for wildlife photography OmanPride: Shihab Al Riyami’s plans for Oman’s volleyball future World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at age 101 in New York Syrian army regains ground in Damascus as rebels retreat FBI's Comey says no evidence of Trump wiretap claim, confirms probe Will move court against 'electronic voting machines tampering' in 2-3 days: Mayawati Russia strikes deal with Syrian Kurds to set up base-Syrian Kurdish militia Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Shapoorji Pallonji appoints Cyrus Engineer as MD in the Gulf region Muscat bourse announces list of Sharia-compliant companies Crude oil to trade below $60 this year as high stocks persist Vodafone, Idea agree on merger to create India's mobile leader Bank Muscat trading pulls down Muscat index Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Cricket: Australia's Smith says Handscomb, Marsh repaid his faith Cricket: India's Kohli rues soft ball, denies under-bowling Ashwin Motorsport: Oman’s Soomar, Al Qasimi eye podium places at Ras Al Khaimah Rally Horse racing: Royal Cavalry’s Maisoor triumphs at UAE Arabian Derby Football: Suarez suspension an advantage for Brazil, says Casemiro Opinion Elimination of Racism Day What a Macron presidency would mean for France Rebuilding the world’s forests The return of industrial strategy Soul searching in South Korea Technology Oman technology: The Lord of the Rings, the Battle for Middle Earth Oman technology: All about Snapguide Extend the life of your new smartphone Oman technology: All about Guides by Lonely Planet Oman technology: Far Cry 4, The Himalayas Mission Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Oman dining: When desserts are less indulgent Oman dining: This weekend eat South American Brunch at Asado, Sheraton 5 Easy kitchen hacks Have put my heart and soul into 'Viceroy's House': Huma Amitabh Bachchan strains his neck again   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Omani slang: Different words for “let’s go” Weekend Events 16th, 17th, 18th March, 2017 Learn kathak dance in Muscat Meet Oman's own parkour player Try Latin cuisine at Rumba Lattina in Muscat Business US factory, consumer sentiment data boost economic outlook March 18, 2017 | 1:39 PM by Reuters February's solid increase in manufacturing output was insufficient to lift industrial production, which was unchanged because of a 5.7 per cent weather-driven plunge in utilities generation. — Bloomberg file picture x February's solid increase in manufacturing output was insufficient to lift industrial production, which was unchanged because of a 5.7 per cent weather-driven plunge in utilities generation. — Bloomberg file picture   Sharelines US factory, consumer sentiment data boost economic outlook #US factory, consumer sentiment data boost #economic outlook Washington: US factory output increased for a sixth straight month in February while consumer sentiment rebounded in early March, underscoring the economy's resilience even as growth appears to have slowed significantly in the first quarter. That was supported by other data on Friday showing a gauge of future economic activity rose in February to its highest level in more than a decade. The improving outlook backs the Federal Reserve's decision this week to raise interest rates. "First-quarter growth is likely to disappoint, but that is not the full economic story," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland, Pennsylvania. "There are other segments that are starting to pick up the slack." The Fed said manufacturing production increased 0.5 per cent last month after a similar gain in January. That was the biggest back-to-back increase in three years. Rising commodity prices are boosting demand for machinery and other equipment. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 per cent of the US economy, is regaining ground as the prolonged drag from lower oil prices, a strong dollar and an inventory overhang fades. It is also benefiting from a surge in business confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to pursue business-friendly policies, including tax cuts and deregulation. "Manufacturing is set to do well for a change, after several years of lagging far behind," said Michael Montgomery, a US economist at IHS Markit in Lexington, Massachusetts. "The sector is racking up solid growth, that is a very welcome change at beleaguered factories." The dollar fell to a five-week low against a basket currencies, remaining under pressure for a third straight session, after the Fed raised interest rates on Wednesday for the third time since the 2008 financial crisis, but stuck to its gradual pace of monetary policy tightening. Stocks on Wall Street were little changed, while prices for US government debt were trading higher. Sentiment rises President Donald Trump's pledges to boost economic growth and employment have also been embraced by Americans, leading to a jump in consumer sentiment. In a separate report on Friday, the University of Michigan said its consumer sentiment index rose 1.3 percentage points to a reading of 97.6 in early March. The survey's measure of current conditions was the highest since 2000 as households grew optimistic about their finances. That reflects two straight months of job gains above 200,000. While Trump's election has buoyed confidence among households and businesses, that has not translated into a surge in either business or consumer spending as details of the administration's economic policy remain vague. "Despite the favorable news on sentiment, real consumer spending has been looking pretty soft in recent months," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. In a third report on Friday, the Conference Board said its leading economic index increased 0.6 per cent in February to its highest level in over a decade. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting GDP rising at a 0.9 per cent annualised rate in the first quarter, braking after the fourth quarter's 1.9 per cent pace. February's solid increase in manufacturing output was insufficient to lift industrial production, which was unchanged because of a 5.7 per cent weather-driven plunge in utilities generation. Industrial production fell 0.1 per cent in January. Mining output increased 2.7 per cent last month, lifted by a 7.1 per cent surge in oil and gas well drilling. Last month, manufacturing output was boosted by a 0.8 per cent rebound in the production of motor vehicle and parts. Machinery output increased 1.1 per cent. There were also increases in the production of primary metals, fabricated metal products and nonmetallic mineral products. Computers and electronic products output rose 0.7 per cent last month. With manufacturing output accelerating, capacity utilization — a measure of how fully factories are deploying their resources — rose 0.3 percentage point to 75.6 per cent last month, the highest since October 2015. Still, it remains 2.8 percentage points below its long-run average. "Business surveys have shown an encouraging pickup in investment plans since the election, but for now low capacity utilisation rates are providing limited urgency to ramp up capex immediately," said Ted Wieseman, an economist at Morgan Stanley in New York. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Business Crude oil to trade below $60 this year as high stocks persist Vodafone, Idea agree on merger to create India's mobile leader Bank Muscat trading pulls down Muscat index Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Shapoorji Pallonji appoints Cyrus Engineer as MD in the Gulf region Muscat bourse announces list of Sharia-compliant companies PREVIOUS ARTICLE Bullish trend continues NEXT ARTICLE German steel workers to get 4% wage hike by 2018 Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Chevron Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chevron Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Edgewood Management LLC Has $652,000 Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Edgewood Management LLC cut its position in shares of Chevron Co. (NYSE:CVX) by 4.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 5,539 shares of the company’s stock after selling 230 shares during the period. Edgewood Management LLC’s holdings in Chevron were worth $652,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Williams Jones & Associates LLC boosted its stake in Chevron by 96.1% in the second quarter. Williams Jones & Associates LLC now owns 219,040 shares of the company’s stock worth $22,962,000 after buying an additional 107,345 shares in the last quarter. Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund acquired a new stake in Chevron during the second quarter worth $7,977,000. Kentucky Retirement Systems acquired a new stake in Chevron during the second quarter worth $16,801,000. KAMES CAPITAL plc boosted its stake in Chevron by 3.0% in the second quarter. KAMES CAPITAL plc now owns 174,470 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,288,000 after buying an additional 5,030 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mason Street Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Chevron during the second quarter worth $26,612,000. Institutional investors own 62.50% of the company’s stock. Shares of Chevron Co. (NYSE:CVX) opened at 107.68 on Friday. The stock’s market cap is $203.85 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $111.42 and a 200-day moving average price of $109.05. Chevron Co. has a one year low of $92.25 and a one year high of $119.00. Chevron (NYSE:CVX) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, January 27th. The company reported $0.22 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.64 by $0.42. The firm earned $31.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $35.24 billion. Chevron had a negative net margin of 0.43% and a positive return on equity of 1.26%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned ($0.31) earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Chevron Co. will post $4.60 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 10th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 16th were given a $1.08 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 14th. This represents a $4.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.01%. Chevron’s payout ratio is currently -1,600.00%. Your IP Address: CVX has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Vetr cut Chevron from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $106.05 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Independent Research GmbH upgraded Chevron from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Chevron in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Macquarie upgraded Chevron from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $90.00 to $130.00 in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Chevron to a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, December 18th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $117.49. In other Chevron news, insider Pierre R. Breber sold 45,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $111.80, for a total value of $5,031,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.40% of the company’s stock. Chevron Company Profile Chevron Corporation (Chevron) manages its investments in subsidiaries and affiliates, and provides administrative, financial, management and technology support to the United States and international subsidiaries that engage in integrated energy and chemicals operations. The Company operates through two business segments: Upstream and Downstream. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CVX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Chevron Co. (NYSE:CVX). Receive News & Ratings for Chevron Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chevron Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview How to Invest in the Bond Market Now Mary Ellen Stanek focuses on adding basis points of yield and return through old-fashioned credit analysis. By Leslie P. Norton Biography March 18, 2017 1:21 a.m. ET For a levelheaded view of the bond market, you can’t do much better than to ask Mary Ellen Stanek, chief investment officer of Baird Advisors, the investment-management arm of Robert W. Baird. Stanek oversees a 48-person team that steers $50 billion in separate bond assets, including the top-rated Baird Core Plus Bond fund and six other bond mutual funds. The firm’s overall size, Stanek maintains, gives her “the flexibility to source alpha bottom-up and be extremely opinionated about each and every bond in the portfolio.” Thanks to the fund’s consistently good performance, Stanek and her team were finalists for... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Alibaba Could Become The Next Cloud Superstar Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 5 Ways to Invest in Water Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Kill the Border Adjustment Tax Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Are Investors Too Bullish About the Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Down Day for Canada Goose 2 The Fundamentals of Advisory Teaming 3 How to Guarantee Financial Freedom Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Horizon Global Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Horizon Global Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts BNP Paribas Reaffirms Underperform Rating for Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) PT Raised to GBX 260 Prudential plc (PRU) Stock Rating Upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. South32 Ltd (S32) Price Target Cut to GBX 153 Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Zacks: J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $132.50 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Mitcham Industries, Inc. (MIND) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) to Announce ($0.24) Earnings Per Share Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by GMP Securities Serco Group plc (SRP) Earns Hold Rating from Shore Capital Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research RigNet Inc (RNET) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set BP plc (BP) PT at $511.33 Brokerages Set Apache Co. (APA) PT at $61.72 Zacks: Aradigm Co. (ARDM) Given $26.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Vuzix Co. (VUZI) Rating Reiterated by Chardan Capital aTyr Pharma Inc Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.49) Per Share (LIFE) Prudential plc (PRU) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Given “Buy” Rating at Citigroup Inc Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Horizon Global Corp (HZN) Stock Price Up -2.6% After Insider Buying Activity Posted by William Strong on Mar 18th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Horizon Global Corp (NYSE:HZN)’s share price was up 2.6% during mid-day trading on Thursday following insider buying activity. The stock traded as high as $14.54 and last traded at $14.07, with a volume of 325,283 shares trading hands. The stock had previously closed at $14.44. Specifically, CFO David G. Rice bought 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $14.41 per share, with a total value of $57,640.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 59,589 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $858,677.49. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO A Mark Zeffiro bought 10,800 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $13.57 per share, for a total transaction of $146,556.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have acquired a total of 16,900 shares of company stock worth $233,709 in the last three months. Insiders own 0.73% of the company’s stock. A number of research analysts have commented on HZN shares. Bank of America Corp started coverage on shares of Horizon Global Corp in a research report on Tuesday. They set a “neutral” rating and a $18.00 target price on the stock. Roth Capital set a $23.00 target price on shares of Horizon Global Corp and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Horizon Global Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Seaport Global Securities downgraded shares of Horizon Global Corp from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $16.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co began coverage on shares of Horizon Global Corp in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued a “market perform” rating on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. Horizon Global Corp currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $20.83. The stock’s market cap is $345.25 million. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $17.95 and a 200 day moving average price of $20.64. Horizon Global Corp (NYSE:HZN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 9th. The company reported ($0.37) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.12) by $0.25. Horizon Global Corp had a net margin of 1.39% and a return on equity of 208.56%. The firm earned $183.61 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $169.15 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.06 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 51.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that Horizon Global Corp will post $0.93 earnings per share for the current year. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of HZN. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Horizon Global Corp during the fourth quarter worth $10,099,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Horizon Global Corp by 1.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 190,860 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,803,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares during the period. Numeric Investors LLC raised its position in Horizon Global Corp by 209.3% in the fourth quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 311,743 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,482,000 after buying an additional 210,943 shares during the period. SECOR Capital Advisors LP purchased a new position in Horizon Global Corp during the third quarter worth $489,000. Finally, Bank of Montreal Can raised its position in Horizon Global Corp by 1,835.1% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 7,276 shares of the company’s stock worth $145,000 after buying an additional 6,900 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 63.97% of the company’s stock. Your IP Address: About Horizon Global Corp Horizon Global Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of a range of custom-engineered towing, trailering, cargo management and other related accessory products serving the automotive aftermarket, retail and original equipment (OE) channels. The Company operates through two segments: Cequent Americas and Cequent APEA. Receive News & Ratings for Horizon Global Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Horizon Global Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Vina Concha y Toro SA (vco) to Issue Dividend of $0.08 on March 27th Next » ProShares UltraPro QQQ ETF (TQQQ) Short Interest Down 22.4% in February Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature J&J Supplants Apple as Barron’s Most Respected Company Tech giant falls to third, as Berkshire Hathaway takes No. 2 spot. By Vito J. Racanelli Biography June 4, 2016 Baby powder and band-aids beat iPhones this year in the eyes of professional investors. In other words, Johnson & Johnson, renowned for household brands as well as prescription drugs and medical devices, knocked Apple from its perch atop... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Alibaba Could Become The Next Cloud Superstar Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 5 Ways to Invest in Water Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Kill the Border Adjustment Tax Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Are Investors Too Bullish About the Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Why Some Advertisers Are Walking Out on Google Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Down Day for Canada Goose 2 The Fundamentals of Advisory Teaming 3 How to Guarantee Financial Freedom Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Which way will gold go? Nobody's quite certain Asian shares at 21-month high, dollar soft on less hawkish Fed Gold slips on technical selling; Fed stance lends support NPCI hires cybersecurity consultants to protect systems D-Mart should do good for long-term investors: Dharmesh Mehta, Axis Capital Nikkei falls to 1-1/2-week low as Softbank slides, financials drag CL Educate IPO crosses halfway mark, subscribed 59% Gold price today: Check out price trends and market outlook Top ten intraday trading ideas for afternoon trade for Tuesday, 21 March 2017 Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 12:50 PM | 21 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,420-98.58 NIFTY 50 9,103-23.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,421-84.00 USD/INR 65.29-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex slips over 100 pts, Nifty tests 9,100; Divi's Lab cracks 15%, Idea 5% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW EM stocks extend their best week in 8 months; US dollar, stocks fall By Bloomberg | Updated: Mar 18, 2017, 12.10 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » volatility | Gold | global markets | Federal Reserve | commodities | bonds Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 By Jeremy Herron, Aline Oyamada and Cecile Gutscher Treasuries posted a weekly advance spurred by the Federal Reserve’s signal it’s in no rush to lift rates. Emerging-market stocks extended their best week in eight months, while U.S. equities and the dollar fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note slipped below 2.50 percent, resuming a slide sparked by a dovish tone from the U.S. central bank. The S&P 500 Index pared a weekly gain, and developing-nation shares rose a sixth day. Oil prices posted their first weekly advance this month after Saudi Arabia’s Energy Minister told Bloomberg News the kingdom may prolong production cuts. U.S equity volatility rose amid a quarterly event known as quadruple witching, when futures and options contracts on indexes and individual stocks expire. While momentum faded on Friday, global stocks recorded the best week since January after the Fed raised its benchmark lending rate a quarter point without accelerating the timetable for future hikes. U.S. policy makers’ reticence to speed up tightening is prompting investors to ditch the dollar in favor of higher-yielding currencies, while the most tranquil markets in two years are spurring a hunt for returns in riskier landscapes. Volatility is extending its retreat after a series of central bank policy decisions passed without incident and the Dutch election results eased concern about the rise of European populism. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s G7 Volatility Index fell 7.5 percent Thursday to the lowest since November 2014. One-month implied volatility for the Euro Stoxx 50 Index has dropped this week and trades near its lowest level since July of the same year. Here are the main moves in markets: Stocks The S&P 500 fell 0.1 percent to 2,378.25 at 4 p.m. in New York. The index is up 0.2 percent in the week. The Stoxx Europe 600 Index ended 0.2 percent higher as it notched a weekly gain of 1.4 percent. The MSCI Emerging Markets Index rose 0.3 percent, bringing its rally for the week to 4.3 percent, outpacing a 1.3 percent advance for the MSCI All-Country World Index. Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index slipped 0.1 percent, pushing its rout in the week to 1.3 percent, most since July 2016. The euro fell 0.3 percent versus the dollar to $1.0737, while the yen traded at 112.68. Commodities West Texas Intermediate gained less than 0.1 percent to settle at $48.78 a barrel and Brent was little changed at $51.76. Gold posted its first weekly advance this month. Bonds The yield on 10-year U.S. Treasuries fell four basis points to 2.4987 percent. French yields for bonds of the same duration climbed two basis points to 1.109 percent, while German bunds fell one basis point to 0.43 percent. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Prepare Yourself For The Coming Age Of Digital Labor. KPMG.. KPMG Here's How Much A Online Business Degree Program Should Cost Business Degree Sponsored Listings Download the White Paper And Learn to Benchmark Key Metrics IntacctMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 3 Ways to Treat RA LiveStrong for Healthline Discover How To Share Your Appreciation During Multiple Sc.. AboveMS Find Out For Yourself If These Are The Most Flattering Jea.. Chico's Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo National Health Policy is futuristic: PM Narendra Modi Hotel operators, investors keen on buying Taj Mansingh hotel READ MORE ON » volatility | Gold | global markets | Federal Reserve | commodities | bonds To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Some D-Mart IPO investors will make money only if it lists at 50% premium D-Mart promoter makes spectacular debut, lists at 102% premium over issue price Ten stocks in focus on Tuesday, 21 March 2017 Experiences of IBM, Accenture show share buybacks will help valuation of HCL Tech, TCS D-Mart parent Avenue Supermarts to list its shares on bourses on March 21 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vivendi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSB) J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Rating Reiterated by Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Increases Prudential plc (PRU) Price Target to GBX 1,900 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) PT Raised to GBX 300 at HSBC Holdings plc Zacks: Jounce Therapeutics Inc (JNCE) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Erie Indemnity Company (ERIE) Given Average Rating of “” by Analysts Zacks: Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Zacks: Immune Design Corp (IMDZ) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Earns Buy Rating from FinnCap Orchard Funding Group PLC (ORCH) Rating Reiterated by FinnCap GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Upgraded at Morgan Stanley Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Unico American Co. (UNAM) to Release Earnings on Thursday Five Below Inc (FIVE) Rating Reiterated by Loop Capital Deutsche Lufthansa AG (DLAKY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) to “Hold” Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Vivendi SA (VIV) Receives €20.01 Average Price Target from Analysts March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) have been given an average recommendation of “Hold” by the fifteen analysts that are presently covering the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12-month price target among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is €20.01 ($21.28). A number of brokerages recently weighed in on VIV. Deutsche Bank AG set a €22.00 ($23.40) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. BNP Paribas set a €21.00 ($22.34) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €24.30 ($25.85) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. S&P Global set a €20.00 ($21.28) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €19.70 ($20.96) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) opened at 17.13 on Wednesday. The stock has a market cap of €21.57 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.13. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €16.97 and a 200-day moving average price of €17.77. Vivendi SA has a one year low of €14.87 and a one year high of €20.09. Your IP Address: About Vivendi SA Vivendi SA is engaged in media and content businesses. The Company’s segments include Universal Music Group (UMG), Canal+ Group, Vivendi Village, New Initiatives and Corporate. Its UMG segment is engaged in the sale of recorded music (physical and digital media), exploitation of music publishing rights, as well as artist services and merchandising. Receive News & Ratings for Vivendi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Banking & Finance Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading China eases licensing requirements for foreign banks  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Banking & Finance China eases licensing requirements for foreign banks Measures a clear signal the regulator is granting more breathing room to foreign banks, as they compete in a market dominated by domestic lenders PUBLISHED : Saturday, 18 March, 2017, 9:03am UPDATED : Saturday, 18 March, 2017, 9:03am Comments:   Zheng Yangpeng Maggie Zhang Share PrintEmail China’s banking regulator has eased licensing rules for foreign-owned banks on investment banking services in the country, and their investment into domestic banking institutions, in an continued effort to further open up the nation’s financial sector and allow more Chinese firms to do business overseas. The new measures were a clear signal that the regulator is granting more breathing room to foreign banks in the mainland, as they compete in a marketplace dominated by domestic lenders, market watchers said. China Banking Regulatory Commission(CBRC) said that wholly-owned foreign bank operations, joint ventures and their branches can cooperate with their parent groups overseas to assist Chinese companies expand globally through overseas bond sales, IPOs, mergers and acquisitions, and other financing activities. They can also invest in some domestic financial institutions, said a notice posted on its official website. Commentators said the moves mean that effectively for the first time officials were giving regulatory support to overseas banks operating in the mainland China to cash in on overseas activities of businesses in the country. Without administrative pre-approval, foreign banks can now underwrite treasury bonds, and offer custodian and financial advisory services. Previously, they had to report to the regulator in advance when carrying out such business. It will give foreign banks more levers in generating revenue in fighting against the dominance of domestic players Ren Zhiyi, a partner at law firm Fangda Partners The new rules mean they can now speed up their business operations with a post-reporting mechanism that allows them to report to the regulator five days after transactions are completed. “It will give foreign banks more levers in generating revenue in fighting against the dominance of domestic players,” said Ren Zhiyi, a partner at law firm Fangda Partners. “It’s a signal of support for their development, and could act as a concrete accelerator for them.” However, it remains unclear exactly what effect the new measures will have on foreign banks’ new investments in Chinese banking institutions, as many appear more focusing on generating cash from existing business, rather than expanding into new sectors, he said. JP Morgan Chase China said it welcomed the new rules, and that it would further “strengthen communications with the regulator” on how they could have a “long-lasting’ impact on the bank’s business”. The US bank set up a locally incorporated bank in the mainland in 2007. By the end of last year, foreign banks had set up 39 locally-incorporated entities in China, 121 local subsidiaries and 166 China representatives, the CBRC said. Yang Yue, a banking analyst at China Zheshang Bank, said the new rules could certainly help give foreign banks an edge in differentiating themselves in a highly competitive market. “Foreign banks as a whole have shown a lukewarm performance in China, whether in terms of asset scale, client base, profitability or market influence, despite decades of development,” said Yang. “Yet they still enjoy a competitive edge in certain businesses and regions, such as cross-border financial services, private banking and risk control.”   Most Popular Viewed 1 Sales boom on first of a two-day sale of 1,000 apartments 2 Does broken Dick Clark deal mark end of China’s Hollywood binge? 3 Why Hong Kong is not yet ‘Asia’s World City’ 4 Job cuts expected as Cathay Pacific aims to slash management costs 5 China still banking on ‘irreplaceable’ central bank chief Shared 1 Does broken Dick Clark deal mark end of China’s Hollywood binge? 2 Job cuts expected as Cathay Pacific aims to slash management costs 3 Why Hong Kong is not yet ‘Asia’s World City’ 4 Sales boom on first of a two-day sale of 1,000 apartments 5 Beijing rolls out harshest ever home down payment levels Commented 1 Why Hong Kong is not yet ‘Asia’s World City’ 2 Does broken Dick Clark deal mark end of China’s Hollywood binge? 3 Sales boom on first of a two-day sale of 1,000 apartments 4 First grade-A site in 20 years to go on sale in Central 5 Beijing rolls out harshest ever home down payment levels       You may also like China Can China leapfrog US in scramble for world’s best aircraft carrier? 16 Mar 2017 - 10:59am 44 Safe baby revolution: Technology empowers women from conception through pregnancy and beyond In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong John Tsang extends his poll lead over Carrie Lam 16 Mar 2017 - 10:16am 51 [SCMP Archive] Are you sitting comfortable? Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School China Chinese premier calls on Trump to work with China 16 Mar 2017 - 9:30am 2 Hong Kong Hong Kong airport ranks fifth in world again as Singapore places first 16 Mar 2017 - 5:27am 25 China Massive parade tipped for PLA’s 90th birthday 16 Mar 2017 - 12:14am 30 Asia Watch: Hapless BBC dad breaks silence on hilarious TV interview 15 Mar 2017 - 11:19pm 13 Hong Kong Who won the big Hong Kong chief executive debate? 15 Mar 2017 - 5:34pm 35 Hong Kong Police break loan shark syndicate preying on domestic helpers 14 Mar 2017 - 8:44pm 8 Hong Kong How body language reveals Xi’s lack of confidence in CY Leung 15 Mar 2017 - 8:43am 27 Hong Kong Could Hong Kong make it a crime to insult police? 14 Mar 2017 - 2:30pm 129 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Business Home LBoard PAS has no right to impose conditions, says Dr Mahathir Nawar Firdaws Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US US stocks pressured by trade-war worries AFP | March 18, 2017 The broad-based S&P 500 dipped 0.1% to close at 2,378.21, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index was essentially flat at 5,901.00. NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks finished modestly lower Friday as worries about international trade hung over the first meeting between President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. At a White House press conference with Merkel, Trump denied he was an isolationist, but pledged to fight for “fair” trade with Germany and other countries. Merkel said she favored “win-win” trade agreements. Meanwhile, finance ministers and central bankers from major economies were looking for reassurance from US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin at the G20 meeting in Germany, following Trump’s tough rhetoric. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended a quiet session down 0.1% at 20,916.68. The broad-based S&P 500 dipped 0.1% to close at 2,378.21, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index was essentially flat at 5,901.00. Large gainers in the blue-chip index included Boeing and McDonald’s, while banks JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs both declined. Amgen slumped 7.0% after it released clinical data that showed its Repatha drug, in concert with other treatments, reduced the chance of a major cardiovascular event by 20 percent. Analysts said the finding was solid, but a bit underwhelming given lofty expectations for the drug. Tiffany rose 3.0 % after reporting a three percent decline in fourth quarter net income to $158 million that translated into $1.45 per share, beating expectations by seven cents. Adobe Systems advanced 4.1% as it reported a 36.3% rise in first-quarter earnings to $398.4 million on record revenues thanks to growth in cloud-oriented software. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story How bosses can help workers get healthy Immigration judges headed to 12 US cities to speed deportations ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Some China Forest City purchasers in limbo Beli rumah deposit RM1, nantikan ‘kejutan’… Look who’s hoovering inside that AirAsia plane Forget Perak, Mahathir calls for debate on new date, new… Opposition government will collapse even if it wins, says… Nazri: This is no police state, says debate still on AirAsia’s own Britney Spears fires up Twitter with… Malaysia 4th happiest place to be in Asia Ini bukan negara polis, Nazri bertegas teruskan debat Dr M ‘I’ll never give it a rest, Pua tells Johari on… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Opposition now victims of their own strategy Sudahkah universiti di Malaysia penuhi 5 ciri kehebatan? Much ado about makan-makan The ineffectiveness of moral policing Authorities do not understand tourism Great patriots emerge during crisis More... FMT Bahasa Kekalahan Nik Abduh – cara ahli PAS ajar pemimpin mesra Umno? Datuk Seri dan 11 invididu didakwa merusuh di pusat hiburan 3 memo kepada PM tak terjawab, teksi demo lagi, temui pembangkang Jika rugi, saya anggap Rumah Impian amal jariah, kata Sultan Johor ‘Superman’ direman 4 hari hina Najib, Rosmah Tony Pua persoal masih tiada juruaudit SRC selepas Deloitte More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 31 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Business leaders in the news Read about Michiganders changing jobs and earning promotions and accolades. Post to Facebook Business leaders in the news Read about Michiganders changing jobs and earning promotions and accolades.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2n9S42f {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Business leaders in the news Detroit Free Press 12:07 a.m. ET March 19, 2017 Read about Michiganders changing jobs and earning promotions and accolades. The newest addition to the Lawrence Technological University campus is the $16.9-million A. Alfred Taubman Engineering, Architecture, and Life Sciences Complex. (Photo: Lawrence Technological University) 31 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE ■Krysta Coleman was named director of alumni relations for Lawrence Technological University in Southfield. She is a Lawrence Tech graduate, with a bachelor’s degree. She also has a master’s degree from Western Michigan University. Before joining Lawrence Tech, she was assistant director of the Michigan State University department of student life. She also has been interim assistant director of campus programming at WMU. ■Kristine Barann and Joseph Vig were appointed to the MBT Financial Corp. board in Monroe. Barann is a certified public accountant and president of Baker College of Allen Park. She also has been the college’s vice president of finance. She has 25 years of finance, consulting and managerial experience. She also was business manager for Trenton Public Schools, finance director for the city of Allen Park and manager with a regional public accounting firm. She was appointed to the MBT board’s audit and compensation committees. Vig is principal and CEO of J.S. Vig Construction, a commercial construction company in Taylor. Previously, he was associate broker at Collier International. He is a board member and past president of Meadowbrook Country Club and past president of Taylor Rotary. He is chairman of the Northville Township Economic Development & Brownfield Redevelopment board and past chairman of the Southern Wayne County Regional Chamber. He was appointed to the MBT board’s loan review and compensation committees. ■John Schlinker joined Secrest Wardle’s Lansing office as a partner. Previously, he was chief deputy treasurer and general counsel in Ingham County; chief deputy prosecuting attorney in Genesee County, and was appointed to the Michigan parole board. He also has been an adjunct professor of law at Michigan State University College of Law and Western Michigan University Thomas M. Cooley Law School. ■Aurora Consulting in Traverse City acquired Hudak Consulting Group, based in Silicon Valley. ■Anson Smuts joined O’Keefe, a Bloomfield Hills financial advisory firm as a senior associate. Previously, he worked for Floyd Advisory, a consulting firm with offices in New York and Boston. Smuts has a bachelor’s degree from the University of Cape Town in South Africa and a master’s degree from Fordham University. He also has advanced certificates in financial econometrics and data analysis, and emerging markets and risk analysis from Fordham University. He is a member of the Institute of Management Accountants and the National Association of Certified Valuators and Analysts. He is a certified management accountant and a certified valuation analyst. ■Jenny Tatsak, was named chair of business communications at Walsh College. In addition to her role as professor of business communications, she will oversee the business communications department and lead the executive success center. She received a doctorate in communication from Wayne State University and also has degrees from Eastern Michigan University. ■Kristin Garstka was promoted to human resources manager of Ghafari Associates in Dearborn. Before joining Ghafari, she worked at Hino Motors Manufacturing U.S.A. as senior human resource specialist and public relations administrator. She has a bachelor’s degree from Central Michigan University and certifications from the Human Resource Certification Institute and the Society of Human Resource Management. She is a member of Junior Chamber International and is associate financial director and treasurer for the Michigan Jaycees. ■Yueyang Zhang joined Bodman in Troy as a staff attorney. She is a graduate of Wayne State University Law School, where she was membership chair of the Michigan Asian Pacific American Bar Association and a vice president of the Asian Pacific American Law Student Association. She had internships with Chief Judge Gerald Rosen and with Judge Gershwin Drain. She also worked as a student attorney with the Wayne Law Business and Community Law Clinic. She earned a Silver Key certificate and a Rakow scholarship. ■Donald Orlandoni joined Butzel Long in Detroit. Orlandoni represents companies and individuals in complex business and commercial matters. Before he became a lawyer, Orlandoni worked in the automotive and pharmaceutical industries. He received a law degree from Wayne State University, where he was assistant editor of the Wayne Law Review. He received a bachelor’s degree from the U.S. Naval Academy. ■Schostak Brothers & Co., a full-service commercial and residential real estate company based in Livonia, was named outstanding large business of the year by the Livonia Chamber of Commerce. The award recognizes a Livonia-based company with at least 50 employees that has a record of business excellence and community contributions. ■Lisa Fort, senior tax manager of Plante Moran, and Jeramey Lynch, vice president at J.P. Morgan, were named to the Board of Directors of Accounting Aid Society. Fort began her career with Coopers & Lybrand and then went on to start her own business focused on tax compliance, tax resolution, and the service of nonprofit clients. She has held various leadership roles throughout the community. She recieved a bachelor’s degree from the University of Michigan. Lynch is the investment team lead for J.P. Morgan Private Bank of Michigan. Prior to joining J.P. Morgan, he was an investment specialist, and then a regulatory field auditor for the National Futures Association. He received a undergraduate degree from Michigan State University. ■John Rakolta Jr., chairman and CEO of Walbridge, was named the winner of a lifetime achievement award from the Urban Land Institute Michigan. During Rakolta’s tenure, Walbridge grew from a regional construction firm with annual sales of $40 million to a global constructor with sales of about $1.5 billion. He also co-chairs the Coalition for the Future of Detroit School Children. 31 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2n9S42f
Log In 0 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Couple takes Alzheimer’s curves as they come Thursday Mar 16, 2017 at 2:01 AM By Karen Berkowitz, Chicago Tribune HIGHLAND PARK, Ill. — Cheryl Levin-Folio can’t anticipate every new milestone of memory loss as she and her husband, Michael Folio, navigate his Alzheimer’s disease. Sometimes quick thinking comes in handy, as it did when Michael forgot one day to take off his clothes before stepping into the shower. Rather than correct her husband, Cheryl joined him in the shower with her clothes on for a laugh. “I think the next time we should take our clothes off,” she gently told him. “I made light of it,” she said. “I never correct him. That’s not fair to Michael.” In the five years since Michael Folio was diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer’s at age 56, the Highland Park couple has adapted their daily routine many times over. They’d been together for years, but married less than four months, when they received the diagnosis. Michael had experienced confusion at home that prompted a referral to a neurologist. Less than five percent of the 5.1 million Americans with Alzheimers’s disease are early onset patients diagnosed before the age of 61, according to the National Institute on Aging. After digesting the devastating news, the couple resolved to be proactive in preserving their quality of life, as they had been throughout their careers. Levin-Folio immersed herself in the literature. She made sure they followed a Mediterranean diet, worked together on stimulating puzzles and kept up their exercise regimen. “What works one day, may not work the next day,” Levin-Folio acknowledged. “It is really a matter of being flexible and able to adapt to a situation.” When her husband was no longer able to use a cell phone, they switched to FaceTime, which provides a visual context for the conversation. Rather than give up restaurant dining to avoid unfamiliar settings or awkward scenes, they now dine earlier, choose quieter locations and frequently dine at a tennis-club restaurant where they are known. “There is a familiarity that is important to Michael,” Levin-Folio said of their decision to join the club. She said she knows that if Michael gets up from his seat to use a restroom and makes a wrong turn, there’s a knowing staff member to guide him. Levin-Folio carries with her a supply of laminated cards that read, “Thank you for understanding. My husband has Alzheimers.” She’s found people appreciate the gesture, which can head off an inappropriate remark. She’s had success keeping him socially engaged with activities that play into long-term memory. When Levin-Folio noticed positive results from his music therapy sessions, she increased the schedule to three times a week. “I was watching him become more free-flowing with his words after doing music,” she said, of the sessions with therapist Noah Plotkin. “I leave them one on one and it’s a jam session.” She said the sessions shift from “Take Me Out to the Ball Game” to a John Lennon song. He does not look at lyrics and the words are free-flowing. “It’s very rewarding for Michael, but it’s equally rewarding for me to hear him relive those days of when he played in a band in high school,” Levin-Folio said. Once a week, Michael works out with a trainer at the local Equinox athletic club, focusing on football drills familiar from his years as a high school and college athlete. “Those things that work, he does more of,” she said, noting he is bowling and playing bocce more, while still playing golf and tennis. The milestones of memory loss are coming more frequently these days. He no longer walks the couple’s two golden retrievers by himself, and he has been known to wander. He wears a watch linked with his wife’s iPhone so she always knows his whereabouts — a better safeguard than were his cell phone GPS used for tracking, she said. “He might leave his phone behind, but he always puts on his watch. It’s instinct,” she said. Levin-Folio has written a book called “The 24-Hour Rule: Living with Alzheimer’s” to share the strategies she and Michael have developed to stay active and engaged. “When I started looking to put together a routine for Michael, there was nothing available that said what to do to preserve his time,” Levin-Folio said. “All of these strategies we have put together have kept Michael engaged — status quo — for five years.” Levin-Folio was a real estate executive with JP Morgan Chase when she met Michael, who spoke at a business conference she was attending. At the time they met, he had recently spun off a division of Home Depot into a separate company, she said. The title of the book, “The 24-Hour Rule,” is drawn from a philosophy Folio followed throughout his business career. Levin-Folio first heard him speak of it at a business meeting. “We use the idea in our day-to-day lives, and never needed it more than when we first had to face that diagnosis,” Levin-Folio wrote in the book’s introduction. “When something bad happens to you, you have one day — and one day only — to be sad about it, angry or whatever,” she wrote. “After that, nothing good will come of wallowing in it. You’ll just waste whatever energy you have to move forward.” About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services New Subscriptions Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the Editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story Ideas Alerts Email Alerts Text Alerts Advertise Advertise With Us Products & Services Ad Rates Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. southcoasttoday.com ~ 25 Elm Street, New Bedford, MA 02740 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime and Courts Death Notices and Obituaries Education News Columnists Nation & World Weather Politics and Elections Shareable Databases Towns New Bedford Dartmouth and Westport Acushnet and Fairhaven Tri-town and Wareham Freetown, Lakeville and Middleboro Sports SouthCoast Varsity Sports columnists Pro sports College sports Patriots Red Sox SouthCoast In Action Auto Racing Opinion Our View Your View and Letters Business Real Estate New Bedford fisheries Agriculture Entertainment Calendar Coastin' Dining Out Movies Living Neighbors Lifestyle Columnists SouthCoast Cooks Religion SouthCoast Pets Health Home and Garden Travel Obits More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs The Advocate The Chronicle The Gazette The Spectator The Spirit Special Reports Contests TV Guide Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber E-Edition Manage Your Subscription Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Virtu Financial makes offer to buy trading firm KCG Holdings Rick Baert | March 16, 2017 11:56 am | Updated 4:51 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart Emerging markets debt ETFs gaining assets View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top-Performing Money Managers: Fixed Income View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO 2016 Excellence & Innovation Awards: A talk with BlackRocks Katie Nedl View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Jerry Brown travels to Trump’s town to look for ‘common Napa police identify 2 on force who shot man dead Democrats, GOP at odds over FBI’s probe of Russia’s role in SFPD car involved in SOMA collision News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Martin McGuinness, Irish rebel turned politician, dies at 66 Chicago-based group brings smiles to deaf Syrian children High court nominee to face daylong questioning in Senate In Republican 'burbs, Georgia election centers on a Democrat Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Season ends for Cal women in 40-point loss at Baylor Splash Brothers power Warriors to rout of Thunder Dallas Braden, Jonny Gomes could do A’s TV studio work Brittany McPhee, Alanna Smith lead Stanford women to Sweet 16 Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Popular dog food brand issues recall Uber exec drops off, Samsung’s Bixby debuts, and ‘Beauty’ Company offering employees $10,000 to leave Bay Area Amid turbulence at Uber, president resigns A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do MØ, Tei Shi offer evening of forward-thinking pop The latest from Dear Abby Cable Car documentary at Balboa Theatre Roxie celebrates Spike Lee’s 60th birthday Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Mandela Foods Co-operative set to expand into larger West Oakland Smitten Ice Cream opens March 23 with "Pay What You'd Like" event Glena's in Dogpatch opens for dinner The French Laundry moves to ticket system Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis St. Patrick's Day in San Francisco through the years: Nobody does Growing algae bloom in Arabian Sea tied to climate change Getaway: Floor-to-ceiling luxury awaits in 36th floor penthouse Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Barn transforms riverfront in West Sacramento The Latin-flavored cuisine of Woodland Insider: Good times brewing in Yolo Clarksburg AVA the little wine-growing region that could Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Three pretty East Bay homes under $1M—and one made the cover of Hot Property: Serene views accompany soothing design in Claremont Donald Olsen-designed custom-build with lap pool and Mt. Tam Presidio Heights mansion finally sells after 10 months on the Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Latest Impreza debuts Subaru’s Global Platform Architecture Chevy Caprice is a tribute to family history Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Should you take a counteroffer? Small talk has a big impact on your career Find a new job faster by changing your attitude Learn good lessons from a bad job Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Wells-Fargo-leaders-reaped-lavish-pay-as-scandal-11010690.php Wells Fargo leaders reaped lavish pay as scandal unfolded By Stacy Cowley Published 5:48 pm, Friday, March 17, 2017 Wells Fargo and its leaders have expressed much contrition about the bank’s misdeeds, which included setting up as many as 2 million bank accounts without customers’ consent. Top executives have surrendered more than $90 million in compensation, fired employees at all levels and vowed to clean house. But the top executives — particularly the current chief executive officer and his predecessor, who retired under pressure in October — still took home lavish sums last year, according to a regulatory filing last week. The San Francisco company’s former CEO, John Stumpf, realized pretax earnings of more than $83 million by exercising vested stock options, amassed during his 34 years at the bank, and receiving payouts on certain stock awards. That is more than double the $41 million in unvested stock awards that Stumpf forfeited because of the bank’s sales scandal. In a quirk of timing that might raise some questions, one month before regulators announced penalties against Wells Fargo over its long-running fake accounts scheme, Stumpf exercised 1.5 million options, a significant chunk of his vested holdings. “He took his winning tickets to the window while the window was still open,” said Brian Foley, an executive compensation consultant who analyzed Stumpf’s transactions. “He forfeited a significant sum, but ... what he walked away with was even more significant.” Stumpf did not sell any of his shares. After surrendering a large chunk to cover taxes and the cost of converting his options, he retained those that remained. Directly and through trusts, he now owns 2.5 million Wells Fargo shares, an estimated 800,000 shares more than he held a year ago. His stake is valued at $147 million. Wells Fargo’s rules limit how many shares its executive officers can sell, but the restrictions on Stumpf will expire a year after his retirement. A Wells Fargo spokesman declined to comment on Stumpf’s stock transactions. The bank’s new leader, Tim Sloan, also received a pay bump last year despite giving up his cash bonus and some stock awards. Sloan collected compensation of around $13 million, up from the $11 million he took home a year earlier. The details of Wells Fargo’s executive compensation are infuriating to some shareholder activists, who have been calling for major reforms. At next month’s annual shareholders meeting, the bank’s top executives will confront disgruntled investors, including an order of nuns who say they are embarrassed to call Wells Fargo their bank, and Gerald Armstrong, who has held the bank’s stock for nearly 50 years and thinks the “lap dogs” on the bank’s board need to be replaced by a “growling Doberman.” The nuns, members of Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia, want to see Wells Fargo commit to “real, systemic change in culture, ethics, values and financial sustainability,” said Sister Nora Nash, the order’s director of corporate social responsibility. At next month’s meeting, to be held in Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla., shareholders will vote on a proposal from the sisters asking the bank for a full accounting on the “root causes” of its fraudulent activity, and the steps being taken to prevent future misdeeds. Wells Fargo’s board opposes the proposal, which Nash called a disappointment. “We believe that we will get a strong yes vote from shareholders,” she said. The AFL-CIO supports the resolution. “We think this issue is so material to investors that it’s deserving of a hearing at the shareholder meeting,” said Brandon Rees, deputy director of the AFL-CIO’s investment office. Wells Fargo said it is preparing to disclose more information about its misdeeds. Next month, the bank’s board plans to release the results of its internal investigation into the wrongdoing, which prompted the firing of about 5,300 rank-and-file workers over the past few years. While the investigators’ findings have not yet been made public, Wells Fargo has begun to act on them. Four senior executives — including the former chief risk officer of the bank’s retail banking division and two regional presidents — were ousted last month after being accused of wrongdoing. The company released no details on their actions. “We are taking decisive steps,” said Mark Folk, a Wells Fargo spokesman. “We are focused on making things right for our customers, fixing the problems and building a better Wells Fargo.” Wells Fargo has been in turmoil since its admission in September that during the course of several years, employees trying to meet aggressive sales quotas had opened as many 2 million fraudulent accounts. The company paid $185 million to settle cases brought by two federal regulators and the Los Angeles city attorney and refunded $3.2 million to customers who were charged fees on unauthorized accounts. But several other investigations are continuing, including criminal inquiries by the Justice Department and several state attorneys general. The scandal has reverberated throughout the banking industry. The Financial Consumer Agency of Canada said this week that it would review banks’ practices in light of reports that employees at TD Bank, under pressure to meet sales targets, had opened accounts without customers’ consent. Some activists see the Wells Fargo scandal as a fresh sign, in the aftermath of the financial crisis, that the largest banks have grown too big to manage. A proposal submitted by Bartlett Naylor, financial policy advocate at Public Citizen, asks Wells Fargo’s stockholders to consider breaking up the bank. The company’s sales scandal, he said, illustrates that “senior officials either directed the fraud or were incapable of preventing it.” Naylor, a longtime critic of large banks, does not expect his proposal to draw much support. A similar proposal he initiated at JPMorgan Chase last year “did worse than the opponent in a North Korean election,” he acknowledged. (Fewer than 3 percent of JPMorgan’s shareholders voted for it.) And Republicans in Washington are clamoring for less stringent oversight and fewer regulatory restraints on big banks, not more, and moving to reverse the Obama administration’s wave of stronger regulations. Subtler moves could also work in Wells Fargo’s favor: The Labor Department, which began an investigation last year into the bank’s treatment of its employees, has stopped publicizing its enforcement actions and fines. Warren Buffett, the billionaire investor who is the bank’s largest shareholder, believes the crisis will fade, with little lasting damage. “I don’t think, in terms of the earning power of the company in five years from now, it’s material,” he said in a recent interview with CNBC. Buffett is not the only investor feeling bullish. Wells Fargo’s shares closed at a record high of $59.73 this month. Stacy Cowley is a New York Times writer. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Ban aimed at electronics in cabins of some US-bound flights NASA emerges unscathed from Trump budget cuts Link suspected between ALS and head trauma from football Napa police identify 2 on force who shot man dead Thief stealing wallets of women who look like her SFPD car involved in SOMA collision Man nabbed in Mexico for homicide at Monterey’s Cannery Row Season ends for Cal women in 40-point loss at Baylor Spring breakers chant 'Build that wall!' during Cancun cruise SF may blacklist construction companies that bid on wall Trump's terrible, horrible, no good, very bad Twitter day 'I'm pro-choice,' says Tomi Lahren Katy Perry says she 'prayed the gay away' as a youth LGBT community worries about hate crime prosecutions The French Laundry moves to ticket system Bauer: Why restaurant reservations should be pre-paid M&R: SF Girls Chorus cancels big trip, blames Trump Next step for Trump resistance: Get organized, fight burnout TODAY'S TOP PICKS Trump Jr. lumberjack pic makes lasting online impression Tom Hanks to appear in SF for 826 Valencia benefit El Niño is still bringing strange wildlife to NorCal shores Most Popular 1 Spring breakers chant 'Build that wall!' during Cancun cruise 2 Woman, 56, dies after drinking toxic tea from SF Chinatown shop 3 Trump's terrible, horrible, no good, very bad Twitter day 4 Company offering employees $10,000 to leave Bay Area 5 Thief stealing wallets of women who look like her, then using... 6 Church and Market Safeway no longer open 24 hours 7 The French Laundry moves to ticket system 8 Splash Brothers power Warriors to rout of Thunder 9 'I'm pro-choice,' says Tomi Lahren: 'Stay out of my guns, and... 10 Cheerios' attempt to save bees backfired massively THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
