Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Portland General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Portland General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ag Growth International’s (AFN) Hold Rating Reiterated at TD Securities Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Issued By SunTrust Banks Bacanora Minerals Ltd Com (BCN) Insider Jamie Strauss Acquires 27,000 Shares Redrow plc (RDW) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 23rd Nuverra Environmental Solutions Inc (NESC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Thursday Zacks: Standex Int'l Corp. (SXI) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Brokerages Enerplus Corp (ERF) Raised to C- at TheStreet Globant SA (GLOB) Upgraded at TheStreet Rice Energy Inc (RICE) PT Set at $31.00 by Scotiabank Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Cut by Seaport Global Securities salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Vetr Inc. Liberum Capital Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Real Estate Investors PLC. (RLE) Insider Buying: Creightons plc (CRL) Insider Acquires £11,730 in Stock Laurence Keen Purchases 7,000 Shares of Hollywood Bowl Group PLC (BOWL) Stock Investar Holding Corp (ISTR) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.02 on April 28th Computer Sciences Co. (CSC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 27th E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.70 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank AQR Capital Management LLC Has $5,823,000 Stake in Portland General Electric Company (POR) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AQR Capital Management LLC reduced its stake in shares of Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR) by 7.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 134,390 shares of the company’s stock after selling 11,109 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Portland General Electric Company were worth $5,823,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. UBS Group AG boosted its position in shares of Portland General Electric Company by 820.3% in the third quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 587,706 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25,030,000 after buying an additional 523,843 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Portland General Electric Company by 12.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,495,138 shares of the company’s stock valued at $148,857,000 after buying an additional 383,895 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Portland General Electric Company by 11.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,605,353 shares of the company’s stock valued at $110,962,000 after buying an additional 277,820 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Portland General Electric Company by 37.5% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 907,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $39,300,000 after buying an additional 247,400 shares during the period. Finally, Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Portland General Electric Company during the third quarter valued at about $9,729,000. 94.37% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR) opened at 45.00 on Monday. Portland General Electric Company has a 52-week low of $37.77 and a 52-week high of $46.05. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.00 billion, a PE ratio of 20.83 and a beta of 0.31. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $44.06 and its 200 day moving average is $42.95. Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 17th. The company reported $0.68 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.64 by $0.04. Portland General Electric Company had a net margin of 9.64% and a return on equity of 7.99%. The firm earned $524 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $529.73 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.57 earnings per share. Portland General Electric Company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Portland General Electric Company will post $2.26 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 17th. Investors of record on Monday, March 27th will be given a dividend of $0.32 per share. This represents a $1.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.84%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 23rd. Portland General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 62.44%. Your IP Address: POR has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Bank of America Corp cut shares of Portland General Electric Company from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $39.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Portland General Electric Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $44.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Portland General Electric Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, December 31st. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on shares of Portland General Electric Company from $39.00 to $41.00 and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Wolfe Research cut shares of Portland General Electric Company from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and four have assigned a hold rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Sell” and a consensus price target of $42.67. In related news, insider Maria M. Pope sold 10,838 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.07, for a total transaction of $477,630.66. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 11,425 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $503,499.75. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 0.47% of the company’s stock. Portland General Electric Company Company Profile Portland General Electric Company (PGE) is an electric utility company. The Company is engaged in the generation, wholesale purchase, transmission, distribution and retail sale of electricity in the state of Oregon. The Company also sells electricity and natural gas in the wholesale market to utilities, brokers and power marketers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding POR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR). Receive News & Ratings for Portland General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Portland General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBS This Morning What Fed rate hike means for consumers 60 Minutes - Entertainment New Kid on the Street 60 Minutes - Business You're Fired Newsmakers Fighting Famine CBS This Morning New info on London attack CBS This Morning Overnight raids after London attack CBS This Morning Investigation into London attack CBS This Morning GOP health care bill in jeopardy CBS This Morning New surveillance claims CBS This Morning Trump associates links to Russia? CBS This Morning JFK's fascination with Adolf Hitler CBS This Morning Stopping vehicle terror attacks CBS This Morning Closing the GOP health deal? CBS This Morning Gorsuch SCOTUS confirmation hearing CBS This Morning North Korea's latest missile test CBS This Morning Electronics ban on planes CBS This Morning Dramatic rescue in South CBS This Morning Fighting ISIS in western Mosul CBS This Morning Search for missing teen, ex-teacher CBS This Morning Cadillac subscription plan Health - Wednesday Tomb of Jesus restored CBS This Morning Rare color footage of Hoover family CBS This Morning Alphabet execs Schmidt & Rosenberg CBS This Morning #SunriseThisMorning photos CBS This Morning Sen. Graham on Judge Gorsuch CBS This Morning Matt Damon & Gary White on Water.org Health - Wednesday Clothing microfiber pollution Sunday Morning Remembering Chuck Berry Money 3 kinds of tax credits you could qualify for Money New rules could mean lower life insurance rates Money Most Americans die in debt -- $62K of it, on average Money Would the GOP health care plan increase out-of-pocket costs? Money Buying a home in 2017? Prepare for battle Money Sweet-spot cities for good pay and affordable homes Money David Rockefeller, billionaire philanthropist, dead at 101 Money Here's the cash buffer you need to survive Money Your wallet will suffer if this agency is gutted Money Not much saving going on in Health Savings Accounts Money Little-known tax credit can deliver a 60 percent return Money Trump's shift on auto-fuel rules hits more than your gas bill By Aimee Picchi MoneyWatch March 20, 2017, 6:00 AM Here's the cash buffer you need to survive Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email “Income volatility” and “unexpected expenses” are somewhat of an oxymoron -- they’ve become so commonplace it’s hard to consider them rare. The financial ups-and-downs of American families are prompting new research into how households cope with these swings, as well as how they affect those who are unprepared to handle a sudden hit. Family income and spending fluctuate by about 30 percent from month to month, which translates into an unplanned expense of $1,300 for middle-income households, according to research from the JPMorgan Chase Institute.  Such swings can wreak havoc on family budgets, especially for those without a lot of wiggle room. Financial advisers typically recommend that Americans sock away about six months of income in case of a job loss or other emergency, but considering that most adults can’t afford a $500 emergency expense, that’s likely to be out reach for many.  A smaller cash cushion can serve as a buffer for those times when a medical bill or dip in income stresses your budget, said Diana Farrell, chief executive officer of the JPMorgan Chase Institute. “You wouldn’t worry about it if it happened in a month where your income dips when you spend less, but they aren’t correlated,” Farrell said of income swings and expenses. “So we’re trying to understand how much cash you need in a buffer to cover that level of volatility.”  The everyday cash buffer necessary to weather income volatility and unexpected expenses, by age group and income.  JPMorgan Chase Institute JPMorgan’s research is based on de-identified data from Chase customers, and it includes samples ranging from 100,000 to 1 million customers. The data provides insights into how consumers actually earn and spend, compared with self-reported survey data, which can be inaccurate because it’s based on memory and expectations. The everyday cash buffer needed by families peaks between the ages of 35 to 44, when it reaches $2,400 for middle-income families.  The highest-income families -- those who earn more than $104,600 per year -- need their largest buffer when they’re between the ages of 35 to 54. At at that point, they should have $5,300 on hand to cover the typical ebbs and flows of income and expenses.  Interestingly, young workers start their careers with fairly similar needs for their cash buffers, the research found. The lowest-income workers should have $1,400 in their everyday cash buffer, compared with $2,700 for the highest-income workers in the 18 to 24 age group. But by the time workers reach old age, the dispersion is far wider.  The reason? Young workers have more similar expenses, partly because they’re relatively healthy as a group and are also finding their first jobs and apartments. Older Americans are much less alike, given a wider variety of health issues and living arrangements.  “The experience of old people is much more dispersed,” Farrell said. “You have more variety in expenses and in income than you would have in any other age group. If you think about the experiences of old age, some people live in homes with their children, some in retirement homes.” Play Video CBS Evening News Credit card agreements confusing customers The average American household has about $6,000 in credit card debt. Many people are getting hammered by high interest rates, partly because they... Farrell recommends that households keep their everyday cash buffer in a savings account. She said households should still aim to have an emergency savings account of the three to six months of income recommended by financial experts. Those assets could be kept in money market funds, certificates of deposit or other vehicles that are slightly less liquid than a bank account.  What happens if a household doesn’t have the assets on hand to cover an emergency expense or income dip? It’s not always pretty, according to the bank’s data.  An emergency medical expense typically sets a household back by $2,089, and most families are still feeling the impact 12 months later, with liquid assets about 2 percent lower and credit card debt 9 percent higher.   “People scramble to pull together whatever they can, but they don’t recover for at least a year after,” Farrell said. “For those who don’t have the ability to pay, they in fact go into medical debt.” While it may seem impossible to save even the cash buffer that JPMorgan recommends, fintech services have sprung up that aim to help consumers understand their month-to-month volatility and sock away a little extra money. Those include Earn, which is a nonprofit service for working families that provides incentives for saving $20 per month, and Meet Albert, which analyzes financial data to provide recommendations for saving money.  “Between taxes, deductions, overtime and bonuses,” said Farrell, “most people are bouncing around, but they don’t necessarily have an understanding of that.”  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Jobless claims jump but labor market stays strong Verizon, AT&T pull ads from Google over extremist videos Obamacare's uncertain future has hospitals on hold Live where Greta Garbo did in NYC, for $6 million Can Sears survive? Some experts are skeptical Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 10 homes you can buy for $500,000 5 cars that deliver the best value over 5 years 69348 Views 9 things to know about selling a home in spring 2017 2484 Views America's 11 highest paying careers in 2017 9 ways drones are changing real estate Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends 7 Inflation-Resistant High-Payout Stocks As inflation edges up, income investors should be aware of its effect on valuations. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography Updated March 18, 2017 1:22 a.m. ET For income investors, including those holding dividend-paying stocks, inflation can be a threat. That hasn’t been the case in recent years in the U.S., which has seen muted inflation, but it’s increasing. As of February, the consumer price index had risen 2.7% in the preceding 12 months, its fastest pace in five years. “We just haven’t... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gemfields PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gemfields PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Sprint Corp (S) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Wedbush Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) VP Xianzhi Sean Fan Sells 84,375 Shares Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nike Inc (NKE) Given Buy Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Adient PLC (ADNT) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Melco Crown Entertainment Ltd (MPEL) Receives Neutral Rating from Wells Fargo & Co OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Director Buys $16,932.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (ETH) Director Buys 840 Shares of Stock Navios Maritime Holdings Inc. (NM) Debt Trading 1.1% Higher Lennar Co. (LEN) Debt Trading 2.6% Lower Insider Selling: Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) EVP Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Insider Sells 4,200 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) to “Buy” Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Gemfields PLC (GEM) PT Lowered to GBX 48 March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Gemfields PLC (LON:GEM) had its price target cut by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 53 ($0.65) to GBX 48 ($0.59) in a report released on Thursday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 5.21% from the stock’s current price. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Macquarie restated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 110 ($1.34) price target on shares of Gemfields PLC in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Peel Hunt raised their price target on Gemfields PLC from GBX 78 ($0.95) to GBX 93 ($1.14) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Panmure Gordon raised their price target on Gemfields PLC from GBX 61 ($0.75) to GBX 64 ($0.78) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, November 17th. FinnCap reduced their price target on Gemfields PLC from GBX 100 ($1.22) to GBX 95 ($1.16) and set a “corporate” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 85 ($1.04) price target on shares of Gemfields PLC in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Gemfields PLC presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 77.75 ($0.95). Gemfields PLC (LON:GEM) opened at 45.3751 on Thursday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 247.72 million. Gemfields PLC has a one year low of GBX 31.00 and a one year high of GBX 57.50. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 46.37 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 48.03. Your IP Address: Gemfields PLC Company Profile Gemfields plc is a supplier of colored gemstones. The Company operates through five segments: Zambia, which includes emerald and beryl mining activities; Mozambique, which includes ruby and corundum mining activities; UK, which includes sales of cut and polished gemstones, marketing, technical and administrative services; Faberge, which includes wholesale and retail sales of jewelry and watches, and Other, which includes new projects and traded auctions. Receive News & Ratings for Gemfields PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gemfields PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cooper Tire & Rubber Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (CTB) Upgraded to “Overweight” by JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research note released on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has $51.00 price target on the stock, up from their previous price target of $47.00. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Cooper Tire & Rubber Co from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. KeyCorp initiated coverage on Cooper Tire & Rubber Co in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. They issued an overweight rating for the company. Finally, FBR & Co reissued a positive rating and issued a $48.00 price objective on shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $39.80. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) opened at 43.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $39.20 and its 200-day moving average is $37.55. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co has a 1-year low of $29.29 and a 1-year high of $44.13. The stock has a market cap of $2.26 billion and a P/E ratio of 9.53. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co (NYSE:CTB) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, February 17th. The company reported $1.28 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.34. The company earned $783.89 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $767.36 million. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co had a return on equity of 23.13% and a net margin of 8.17%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.04 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Cooper Tire & Rubber Co will post $3.78 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be issued a dividend of $0.105 per share. This represents a $0.42 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.98%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 28th. Cooper Tire & Rubber Co’s dividend payout ratio is 9.86%. In other Cooper Tire & Rubber Co news, VP Stephen Zamansky sold 14,041 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.37, for a total transaction of $566,835.17. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 0.80% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Royce & Associates LP increased its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 156.4% in the fourth quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 1,860,142 shares of the company’s stock valued at $72,267,000 after buying an additional 1,134,598 shares in the last quarter. Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co during the third quarter valued at about $40,594,000. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co during the fourth quarter valued at about $29,062,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 17.3% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,598,352 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,946,000 after buying an additional 382,459 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Cooper Tire & Rubber Co by 90.3% in the third quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. now owns 719,513 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,356,000 after buying an additional 341,408 shares in the last quarter. 90.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Cooper Tire & Rubber Company is a manufacturer and marketer of replacement tires. The Company specializes in the design, manufacture, marketing and sales of passenger car, light truck, medium truck, motorcycle, and racing tires. The Company operates through four segments: North America, Latin America, Europe, and Asia. Receive News & Ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cooper Tire & Rubber Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan Islamabad Punjab Sindh Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Balochistan Gilgit Bultistan Azad Jammu & Kashmir World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Leading psychiatrists follow Top-Dog Bankers’ guide to career advancement By:   Bruce E. Levine 20-Mar-17 1243 Top News Zardari expresses outrage over NAB case against him 23-Mar-17 604 KARACHI: Former president Asif ... President, PM urge nation to work for unity on Pakistan Day 23-Mar-17 490 ISLAMABAD: President Mamnoon H ... It should not be surprising that cynicism is increasingly the US national pastime, as we regularly observe top-dog bankers avoiding criminal prosecution for crimes they preside over, and we see prominent professionals-including psychiatrists-gaining career advancement after disgraceful actions. First, a quick review of the recent career arc of Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan. In 2013 alone, JPMorgan paid out nearly $17 billion to settle claims with the federal government against JPMorgan's sale of fraudulent mortgage-backed securities and other illegal practices. After settling with the government, Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan during the time these illegal practices took place, was rewarded by JPMorgan with a 74 percent pay raise, bringing his yearly compensation to $20 million. As U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren put it, "Now, you might think that presiding over activities that resulted in $17 billion in payouts for illegal conduct would hurt your case for a fat pay bump, but according to The New York Times, members of the JPMorgan board of directors thought that Jamie Dimon earned the raise, in part-and I'm quoting here-'by acting as chief negotiator as JPMorgan worked out a string of banner government settlements.' " Banker scoundrels aren't the only big shots whose careers continue to ascend following reprehensible conduct. The following is a career update for some of the members of the "Psychiatry Hall of Shame," including the group excoriated in the 2008 Congressional investigations, and another psychiatrist who conducted studies aimed at inducing psychosis-experiments that appeared to run counter to the Nuremberg Code of research ethics. Before updating psychiatry's prominent national figures, first a prominent local psychiatrist in Cincinnati, where I live. In 2014, Melissa Delbello became Chair of the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Neuroscience at the University of Cincinnati, and earlier this year, she was listed by Cincinnati Magazine as one of Cincinnati's "top psychiatrists." This despite the fact that in 2008, Delbello was rebuked by a U.S. Senator on the Senate Floor following a New York Times exposé about her. In 2008, Delbello was included in a Congressional investigation on psychiatrists violating federal and university regulations in their receipt of large sums of money from drug companies. An appalled U.S. Senator Charles Grassley told Americans how Delbello, in response to a reporter's question about the money that she received from a drug company, had said: "Trust me, I don't make much." Delbello claims that she was misquoted by the New York Times reporter, but not in dispute is the fact that she had failed to accurately report her outside income in 2003 and 2004 from AstraZeneca, the manufacturer of the antipsychotic Seroquel, a drug which Delbello had done research on in 2002. The Times recounted how Delbello, in a 2002 published paper, reported that Seroquel in combination with Depakote is more effective for the treatment of adolescent bipolar mania than Depakote alone; but Delbello later acknowledged that this study-which had become an influential one in dictating prescription practice-was not conclusive. Grassley took to the Senate floor to talk about DelBello, "I am going to report on the actions of one physician to explain how industry payments to medical experts can affect medical practice," and he reported how Seroquel manufacturer AstraZeneca had paid her over $238,000 (far more than she had reported). Concluding his Senate speech about Delbello, Grassley said: "This situation is unfortunate on so many levels. It is unfortunate for the University of Cincinnati that relied on the representations of its faculty; it is unfortunate for patients who once believed that their doctor was not for sale; and it is unfortunate that we are in a day and age where a bill promoting transparency for millions and millions of dollars going from big drug companies to American doctors is necessary." But conflicts of interest in psychiatry remain "ethical" with "proper" disclosure. So, in 2015, Delbello co-authored a study with lead author Holland Detke, an employee and stockholder of the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly, with Delbello herself receiving support from Eli Lilly, and with a disclosure following the article references stating: "This research was funded by Eli Lilly and Co." Published in a professional journal that influences prescribing practices, the study conclusion was that an effective treatment for children age 10 to 17 diagnosed with bipolar disorder was the combined used of the antipsychotic Zyprexa and the antidepressant Prozac, both drugs manufactured by-you guessed it-Eli Lilly. In the 2010 documentary Goldman Sachs: Power and Peril, John C. Whitehead, former Goldman Sachs Chair, asserts, "It's not whether a conflict of interest exists that is important. It's how you deal with it." If you can follow the "Whitehead Guide" and convince yourself that you are so extraordinary that you can transcend a flagrant conflict of interest, then career advancement in banking-and psychiatry-becomes quite easy. Melissa Delbello, currently Chair of the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Cincinnati and a Cincinnati Magazine "top psychiatrist," is small potatoes compared to psychiatrist Joseph Biederman. Biederman is currently at Massachusetts General Hospital for Children, where he is the Chief of Clinical and Research Programs in Pediatric Psychopharmacology and Adult ADHD, with his current bio stating: "Dr. Biederman has also been selected every year since its inception into The Best Doctors in America compilation of the best physicians in the country." In 2009, the New York Times reported the following: "Dr. Biederman-who was director of the Johnson & Johnson Center for Pediatric Psychopathology Research at Massachusetts General Hospital, in Boston-is in the middle of two controversies: one involves the use of antipsychotic drugs in children, and the other relates to conflicts of interest in medicine." In the first controversy/scandal, the Times reported that Biederman, "an influential Harvard child psychiatrist told the drug giant Johnson & Johnson that planned studies of its medicines in children would yield results benefiting the company." Biederman's second controversy/scandal was exposed in the 2008 Congressional investigation of psychiatry. The New York Times reported about Biederman, "He is the world's most prominent advocate of diagnosing bipolar disorder in even the youngest children and of using antipsychotic medicines to treat the disease, but much of his work has been underwritten by drug makers for whom he privately consults . . . . Dr. Biederman earned at least $1.6 million in consulting fees from drug makers from 2000 to 2007 but failed to report all but about $200,000 of this income to university officials." Other big-shot psychiatrists such as Charles Nemeroff and Alan Schatzberg were also nailed by Congress in 2008, but have also more than landed on their feet. Nemeroff, who the New York Times reported earned more than $2.8 million in consulting arrangements with drug makers from 2000 to 2007 and failed to report at least $1.2 million of that income to his university and violated federal research rules; but by 2011, Forbes ran the following article about Nemeroff: "How An Ethically Challenged Researcher Found A Home at the University of Miami, and Nemeroff has remained at the University of Miami where he currently is the Chair of the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences, and Director of the University of Miami Center on Aging. And in 2008, Congressional investigators also discovered that then president-elect of the American Psychiatric Association, Alan Schatzberg of Stanford University, had $4.8 million stock holdings in a drug development company; but this did not stop Schatzberg in 2009 from becoming Director of the Stanford Mood Disorders Center. Then there is Jeffrey Lieberman, who in 2013 became president of the American Psychiatric Association. Lieberman, along with several other prominent psychiatrists, was exposed in the Boston Globe by investigative journalist Robert Whitaker in 1998 for conducting experiments on people diagnosed with schizophrenia in the expectation of worsening symptoms. From the 1970s through the early 1990s, influential psychiatrists, including Lieberman, conducted experiments on patients diagnosed with schizophrenia, who were administered psychostimulants with the expectation that these drugs would be "psychotogenic" (induce symptoms of psychosis), and this deterioration in fact occurred. The Nuremberg Code of research ethics, established after the horrific human experiments by doctors in Nazi Germany, states that medical experiments on human subjects "should be so conducted as to avoid all unnecessary physical and mental suffering and injury." However, in 1987, Lieberman conducted a study in which patients previously diagnosed with schizophrenia but who had stabilized were given methylphenidate (Ritalin) until psychotic symptoms reappeared; and in a 1990 study co-authored by Lieberman, the introduction states, "In order to examine the relationship of psychotogenic response to psychostimulants and acute treatment response in treatment-naïve, first-episode psychotic patients, we administered intravenous methylphenidate to first-episode patients." In Whitaker's Boston Globe 1998 series within the segment "Testing Takes Human Toll," he interviewed Lieberman, who acknowledged that induced symptoms are sometimes, in his words, "scary and very unpleasant." Inducing scary and unpleasant symptoms in vulnerable human beings did not prevent Lieberman from becoming president of the American Psychiatric Association from 2013 to 2014, and getting a book deal from Little, Brown. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus COPY CODE SNIPPET sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Contact us Privacy Policy TERMS AND CONDITIONS © 2016 Dailytimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Crocs Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Crocs Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) GSA Capital Partners LLP Reduces Stake in Crocs, Inc. (CROX) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet GSA Capital Partners LLP cut its position in Crocs, Inc. (NASDAQ:CROX) by 26.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 73,230 shares of the company’s stock after selling 26,874 shares during the period. GSA Capital Partners LLP owned 0.10% of Crocs worth $502,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Crocs by 13.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,201,352 shares of the company’s stock worth $51,471,000 after buying an additional 758,404 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Crocs by 7.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,137,108 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,638,000 after buying an additional 359,239 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its position in Crocs by 7.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,622,735 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,131,000 after buying an additional 109,721 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its position in Crocs by 19.9% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 1,542,459 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,802,000 after buying an additional 256,055 shares during the period. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in Crocs by 141.5% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 1,390,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,535,000 after buying an additional 814,400 shares during the period. 89.19% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Crocs, Inc. (NASDAQ:CROX) opened at 6.80 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $6.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $7.58. Crocs, Inc. has a 1-year low of $6.26 and a 1-year high of $12.54. The firm’s market cap is $501.09 million. Crocs (NASDAQ:CROX) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The company reported ($0.58) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.35) by $0.23. Crocs had a negative net margin of 4.35% and a negative return on equity of 10.92%. The business had revenue of $187.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $189.40 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned ($1.01) earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 10.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Crocs, Inc. will post ($0.04) EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of research analysts have recently commented on CROX shares. B. Riley started coverage on shares of Crocs in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $8.00 target price for the company. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $6.00 target price on shares of Crocs in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $7.00 target price on shares of Crocs and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Monness Crespi & Hardt cut shares of Crocs from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Crocs from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $10.58. About Crocs Crocs, Inc is engaged in the design, development, manufacturing, across the world marketing and distribution of casual lifestyle footwear and accessories for men, women and children. The Company’s segments include Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe. The Americas segment consists of the product sales in the North and South America geographic regions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CROX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Crocs, Inc. (NASDAQ:CROX). Receive News & Ratings for Crocs Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Crocs Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Stake Boosted by GSA Capital Partners LLP Next » Janus Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Thu, Mar 16 2017. 05 58 PM IST States on borrowing binge bad news for Narendra Modi and Indian bonds With an ever-rising supply of debt that offers yields higher than sovereign notes, borrowing by states threatens to overshadow that by the Centre Subscribe to our newsletter. Subhadip SircarKartik Goyal Narendra Modi plans to borrow a net Rs4.2 trillion in the coming year. Photo: PTI Mumbai: Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government is finding itself pitted against an unlikely competitor as it pursues bond investors to finance the budget deficit: Indian states. With an ever-rising supply of debt that offers yields higher than sovereign notes, borrowing by state administrations threatens to overshadow that by the federal government, according to Edelweiss Asset Management Ltd and HDFC Standard Life Insurance Co. That complicates matters for Modi, whose promise of fiscal discipline has lured foreigners to local bonds after a four-month hiatus. Increased competition from states is also bad news for the sovereign-debt market, which saw benchmark notes in February post their biggest monthly loss since 2013, after policy makers in Asia’s third-largest economy signalled an end the monetary easing cycle. There is also a growing risk that, unless state deficits are pared, their debt levels could quickly get on to “an explosive path,” JPMorgan Chase & Co. said in a February report. ALSO READ: People’s Bank of China raises borrowing costs in step with Fed “There’s an increasing amount of concern over the states’ bond supply and the time when it will overtake government bond supply is not far away,” said Dhawal Dalal, chief investment officer for debt at Edelweiss Asset. “Concern about the health of the states is also something that worries market participants.” Working together, India’s 29 states combined would form a bloc that has a bigger economy than the whole of sub-Saharan Africa, more members than the European Union, and twice the population of North America. Net borrowing by states will rise 12% to Rs3.8 trillion ($58 billion) in the next financial year, after an estimated 30%-surge to 3.4 trillion in the fiscal year ending this 31 March, according to ICRA Ltd. Modi plans to borrow a net 4.2 trillion rupees in the coming year. “The disproportionate market focus on central finances masks the fact that India’s fiscal centre-of-gravity has rapidly moved from the centre to the states,” Sajjid Chinoy and Toshi Jain, economists at JPMorgan Chase, wrote in the report. Borrowing by states is poised to overtake the centre’s by 2018-19, they said. Financial stress Why are the states borrowing so much? Revenue losses suffered on account of Modi’s shock currency recall in November and higher wages for staff have strained their finances, according to ICRA, the local unit of Moody’s Investors Service. ALSO READ: BJP’s win in assembly polls has implications for bilateral ties: Chinese media “The consolidation of recent years seem to be coming apart,” said Aditi Nayar, principal economist at ICRA in Gurgaon. “Servicing of debt related to the power sector-restructuring” is another factor contributing to the worsening state finances. Borrowing costs reflect the stress. States sold 10-year debt at an average cut-off yield of 7.89% at an auction Tuesday, versus 7.15% at the 10 January sale. Similar-maturity sovereign bonds paid 6.78% in Mumbai Thursday, indicating that the yield spread has widened to more than 100 basis points. The historical mean is 40-50 basis points, according to JPMorgan. That’s an impending challenge for Modi even as he celebrates his party’s resounding victories in just-concluded state elections, including in Uttar Pradesh, India’s largest. While higher yields and the implicit sovereign guarantee are a draw with investors, the securities are hardly a match for government bonds when it comes to liquidity. That’s partly why foreign investors, who were granted access to state debt in late 2015, have largely stayed away from the sector. Investment by global funds stands at Rs14.8 billion, data from the National Securities Depository Ltd show. That’s just seven percent of the Rs210-billion limit available to them. “We buy state bonds only for portfolios where liquidity risk is not a concern, because the yield offered is close to top-rate corporate bond,” said Badrish Kulhalli, Mumbai-based fixed-income manager at HDFC Standard Life. “The extra supply of state bonds means the government bond yield curve will also steepen.”Bloomberg Subhadip SircarKartik Goyal Topics: Sate borrowing Indian bonds Narendra Modi Indian debt sovereign debt market More From Livemint READ MORE Govt removes 1% tax on cash purchase above Rs2 lakh Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives First Published: Thu, Mar 16 2017. 05 58 PM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Air Canada (AC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Howden Joinery Group Plc’s (HWDN) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Keras Resources PLC (KRS) Given “Corporate” Rating at Northland Securities IQE plc (IQE) Price Target Increased to GBX 69 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Franks International NV’s (FI) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Trevena Inc (TRVN) Earns Buy Rating from Cowen and Company Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Given New $140.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Price Target Increased to $16.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Brokers Issue Forecasts for Fate Therapeutics Inc’s FY2021 Earnings (FATE) Qualys Inc (QLYS) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $2,945,000 in First Bancorp (FBP) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of First Bancorp (NYSE:FBP) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 439,550 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,945,000. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in First Bancorp by 45.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,595,165 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,095,000 after buying an additional 1,744,292 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in First Bancorp by 6.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 3,832,029 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,927,000 after buying an additional 235,450 shares in the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its position in First Bancorp by 25.5% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 867,363 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,510,000 after buying an additional 176,220 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its position in First Bancorp by 0.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 537,514 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,795,000 after buying an additional 5,047 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its position in First Bancorp by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 25,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $135,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 84.24% of the company’s stock. Shares of First Bancorp (NYSE:FBP) opened at 5.98 on Friday. First Bancorp has a 52-week low of $2.52 and a 52-week high of $7.05. The company has a market capitalization of $1.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.91 and a beta of 2.11. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $6.40 and a 200 day moving average of $5.95. First Bancorp (NYSE:FBP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.11 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.09 by $0.02. First Bancorp had a net margin of 14.23% and a return on equity of 5.33%. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.07 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that First Bancorp will post $0.41 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: Several analysts have commented on FBP shares. Citigroup Inc started coverage on shares of First Bancorp in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $7.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of First Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $7.75 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. First Bancorp Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FBP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First Bancorp (NYSE:FBP). Receive News & Ratings for First Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview Oakmark’s Bill Nygren Likes Financials and Techs Oakmark fund’s co-manager likes Citigroup, Franklin Resources, Intel, Amazon, MasterCard, and Google. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography November 29, 2014 The playbook never changes that much for Bill Nygren, co-manager of the Oakmark fund. Emphasizing fundamental research and patience, he looks for undervalued stocks that can overcome their discounts. (The fund’s annual turnover is 19%, versus an average of 61% for Morningstar’s large-cap blend category.) However, Nygren isn’t afraid to make a few tweaks. Following a big upswing in equity prices since the market bottomed in 2009, the Chicago-based manager is finding few attractive companies that sport a single-digit price-earnings multiple. So he has added some growthier names like Google (ticker: GOOGL), which... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Don't Miss: How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Sharky's true tales of Shark Tank Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to fix five Windows 10 headaches Windows Server on ARM laptops is for Azure only The ultimate guide to strategic tech partners Vendor health check: Salesforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Vertical IT Retail IT IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? The Zen of Retail Tech By Evan Schuman, star Influencer, Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | Mar 20, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinion Chase's MCX tech buy will take time to pay off — time that it may never get MCX had to be a bargain for Chase, but a bargain is a bargain only if the value is greater than the cost, no matter how low that cost Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: JP Morgan Chase More like this Walmart Pay vs. Apple Pay: Hardware age dictates all Isis CTO accuses retailers of turning off NFC and smartcard payment tech Merchant sites open door to Visa fraud Video MWC 2017: Top phones get a new lease on life When JPMorgan Chase on March 10 acquired MCX’s payment technology to help with Chase Pay, it likely received a bargain. After all, it’s hard to envision an entity in a weaker negotiating position these days than MCX, which has already surrendered on delivering its own payment system. But a bargain is a bargain only if the value is greater than the cost, no matter how low that cost. The MCX technology is based on QR codes, and even Walmart’s Walmart Pay is struggling with the same issues that have routinely plagued not-so-easy-to-scan-the-first-time QR codes. But it’s not the technology that attracted Chase. It’s the customers that are already prepared to accept it as payment. The only thing that MCX did well was to corral some of the nation’s largest retailers into becoming members. Walmart led off, followed by Target, 7-Eleven, Kohl’s, ShopRite, Publix, Wendy’s, Wawa, CVS, Meijer, Michael’s, Dunkin’ Donuts, Lowe’s, Sunoco, Best Buy, Mobil and quite a few more. Granted, just because most of those chains were ready to accept MCX doesn’t mean they still are. But it’s a start, and the one thing that Chase Pay needs more than anything else right now is merchants accepting it. Apple was smart to launch Apple Pay only after it had a decent number of major brands willing to accept it for payments. Shoppers with the latest iPhones wanted to at least try this new NFC payment method. If they hadn't been able to find any local merchants that accepted it, the momentum would have been halted before it began. With Chase Pay, which launched about four months ago, many Chase shoppers across the country struggle to find any physical store where it is accepted. Its “available now” merchant list is short. It claims Best Buy and Starbucks, but it appears to be only at select stores, and calls to stores in several states couldn’t find one where it was accepted. To be precise, I couldn’t find one where a store associate — the people at the POS — thought they could accept Chase Pay. And without associate training and awareness, few customers will be able to successfully use it. Chase Pay also theoretically will be accepted at LevelUp merchants, but only in three cities: Dallas, Denver and Boston. Chase spokesperson Maribel Ferrer added in an email that "other places we have announced and are in different stages are Atom Tickets, Parkmobile, HMS Host, Shell, Phillips 66, Walmart, ShopRite and The Fresh Grocer stores — supermarkets that are part of the Wakefern cooperative." In other words, none of those places accept Chase Pay yet. Chase Pay also says that it is accepted on various online sites. But the value-add in online is very different. The advantage for the customer is mostly found using the payment method in-store. Online payments today are fairly effortless, especially after the initial setup. And therein lies the problem. Shoppers who saw the MCX technology announcement and thought it meant that they could suddenly use Chase Pay in that rich list of retail chains that were once active with MCX will find themselves disappointed. Oddly, Chase Pay doesn't even embrace all Chase cards. Limiting itself to every card issued from just Chase would be restrictive, but doable. Given that only some Chase payment cards are payment options for Chase Pay further limits its viability. Don't forget that shoppers want something as close to "one payment method for all merchants" as possible. Having to use Walmart Pay in Walmart and Target Pay in Target is bad enough, but using Chase Pay only for some of its payment cards is frustrating. To be fair, none of these payment options is effective today. Apple Pay accepts far more cards and is accepted at a decent sliver of merchants, but can only be used with one brand of phone — iPhones, and only iPhones new enough to support NFC. Walmart Pay will work on a far larger number of phones from any handset maker, merely requiring the ability to host apps and have a decent camera to shoot the QR code. But it's restricted to just one merchant. In theory, Chase Pay could deliver the best of both worlds, offering itself for almost all phones and all merchants who accept Chase payment cards. But I'd argue that it launched far too soon, long before it could deliver either — including even supporting all of its own payment cards. The ability to be accepted at that wonderful list of MCX member retailers is intriguing, but only on paper. Chase Pay may have the best potential today, but it also has the worst immediate reality. Given that it was announced last year, that's remarkably far from good. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Retail IT Mobile & Wireless Evan Schuman has covered IT issues for a lot longer than he'll ever admit. The founding editor of retail technology site StorefrontBacktalk, he's been a columnist for CBSNews.com, RetailWeek, Computerworld and eWeek. Evan can be reached at eschuman@thecontentfirm.com and he can be followed at twitter.com/eschuman. Follow Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources Benchmark Tool Sponsored BitSight Interactive Benchmark White Paper Connecting Financial Services' Hybrid IT Infrastructure Solution Center Sponsored Connect, Protect, and Manage Your Mobile Fleet Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Lake: Harnessing the Power of Unstructured Data White Paper Optimize Your Enterprise Data Warehouse with Hadoop Go Top Stories Wozniak on robots, design and Apple's origins More than 40 years after founding Apple Computer, Steve Wozniak has a lot to say about the early days... iPhone, Mac owners: How to stymie hackers threatening to wipe devices Hackers claiming to have hundreds of millions of iCloud credentials have threatened to wipe date from... Mingis on Tech: A dive into Windows 10 Creators Edition and the future of OSes Coming soon to a PC near you: Windows 10 Creators Edition. But what comes after that in the years ahead... Microsoft is playing Windows hardball Lucky us. Microsoft will no longer be supporting older Windows on newer processors. Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. It’s hard to be great when your computer isn’t Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inteliquent Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inteliquent Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Public Sector Pension Investment Board Has $550,000 Stake in Inteliquent Inc (IQNT) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Public Sector Pension Investment Board held its position in Inteliquent Inc (NASDAQ:IQNT) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 24,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Public Sector Pension Investment Board owned about 0.07% of Inteliquent worth $550,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Inteliquent by 8.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,541,459 shares of the company’s stock valued at $41,019,000 after buying an additional 196,105 shares in the last quarter. Intrust Bank NA acquired a new position in Inteliquent during the third quarter valued at $171,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Inteliquent by 2.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,264,913 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,416,000 after buying an additional 33,331 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in Inteliquent by 7.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 735,345 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,870,000 after buying an additional 52,675 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Inteliquent by 23.6% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 18,732 shares of the company’s stock valued at $302,000 after buying an additional 3,575 shares in the last quarter. 87.97% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Inteliquent Inc (NASDAQ:IQNT) opened at 22.90 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $22.90 and a 200 day moving average price of $20.76. Inteliquent Inc has a 52-week low of $14.56 and a 52-week high of $23.67. Your IP Address: Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut Inteliquent from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Inteliquent presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $22.67. Inteliquent Company Profile Inteliquent, Inc is a provider of voice telecommunications services primarily on a wholesale basis. The Company offers its services using an all-Internet Protocol (IP) network, which enables to deliver connectivity for a range of media, including voice, and data and video. The Company’s solutions enable carriers and other providers to deliver voice traffic or other services where they do not have their own network. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IQNT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Inteliquent Inc (NASDAQ:IQNT). Receive News & Ratings for Inteliquent Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inteliquent Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Two Harbors Investment Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Two Harbors Investment Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock State Street Corp Buys 107,660 Shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp (TWO) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp (NYSE:TWO) by 2.0% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 5,361,504 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 107,660 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Two Harbors Investment Corp were worth $46,750,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $28,407,000. Citadel Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp by 126.4% in the third quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC now owns 2,059,973 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $17,572,000 after buying an additional 1,149,912 shares in the last quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc raised its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp by 37.6% in the third quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc now owns 1,960,000 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $16,719,000 after buying an additional 535,600 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp by 30.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,244,717 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $19,147,000 after buying an additional 518,917 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its position in shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp by 8.2% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 6,313,469 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $53,854,000 after buying an additional 478,897 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 70.02% of the company’s stock. Two Harbors Investment Corp (NYSE:TWO) opened at 9.63 on Monday. Two Harbors Investment Corp has a 52 week low of $7.56 and a 52 week high of $9.66. The stock has a market cap of $3.36 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.53 and a beta of 0.56. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $9.11 and a 200 day moving average price of $8.76. Two Harbors Investment Corp (NYSE:TWO) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.24. Two Harbors Investment Corp had a net margin of 55.77% and a return on equity of 9.19%. The company earned $112.87 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $104.14 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.20 earnings per share. Two Harbors Investment Corp’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Two Harbors Investment Corp will post $0.99 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 27th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a $0.25 dividend. This represents a $1.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 10.38%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This is an increase from Two Harbors Investment Corp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.24. Two Harbors Investment Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 105.49%. Your IP Address: Several equities analysts recently weighed in on TWO shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Two Harbors Investment Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. FBR & Co restated a “hold” rating and issued a $9.00 price target on shares of Two Harbors Investment Corp in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $9.54. In other Two Harbors Investment Corp news, CFO Brad Farrell sold 28,901 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.58, for a total value of $247,970.58. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 446,327 shares in the company, valued at $3,829,485.66. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Mary Kathryn Riskey sold 3,190 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $8.61, for a total transaction of $27,465.90. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 56,229 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $484,131.69. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 65,696 shares of company stock valued at $569,368 in the last 90 days. 0.96% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Two Harbors Investment Corp Company Profile Two Harbors Investment Corp. is a real estate investment trust. The Company is focused on investing in, financing and managing residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS), residential mortgage loans, mortgage servicing rights (MSR), commercial real estate and other financial assets. The Company’s target asset classes include Agency RMBS collateralized by fixed rate mortgage loans, adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM) loans or hybrid mortgage loans, including mortgage pass-through certificates, collateralized mortgage obligations, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation gold certificates, the Federal National Mortgage Association certificates, the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae) certificates, to-be-announced forward contracts, and interest-only and inverse interest-only securities; Non-Agency RMBS, including both senior and mezzanine RMBS, and floating and fixed rate commercial real estate loans. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TWO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Two Harbors Investment Corp (NYSE:TWO). Receive News & Ratings for Two Harbors Investment Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Two Harbors Investment Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Thursday 23 March 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Finance & Capital Market   » Story Cunha (left) and Sattout celebrate the landmark transaction. Asar helps Kuwait set up debut $8bn issue KUWAIT, 3 days ago Al Ruwayeh & Partners (Asar), a leading corporate law firm said it had acted as law counsel to Kuwait, acting through the Ministry of Finance and represented by the Kuwait Investment Authority, for the establishment of its Global Medium Term Note (GMTN) Programme and Kuwait's inaugural dual-tranche $8-billion issuance. One of the region’s top tier law firms, Asar said the Notes were offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A and Regulation S and were admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange. According to Asar, the proceeds from the issuance will be utilized for Kuwait’s expected funding needs for this fiscal year. Citigroup Global Markets, HSBC Bank and JP Morgan Securities acted as the arrangers and joint lead managers, while Citigroup Global Markets, Deutsche Bank, London Branch, HSBC Bank, JP Morgan Securities, Standard Chartered Bank and Watani Investment Company (NBK Capital) acted as dealers. Clifford Chance advised Kuwait as to English law and United States law. Ibrahim Sattout, a partner at Asar, said: "We are delighted to have been involved in the establishment of Kuwait’s GMTN Programme and its dual-tranche inaugural issuance thereunder." "We have a long and established history of acting as Kuwait law counsel in high quality debt capital market transactions, and this sovereign bond issuance is no exception," he stated. John Cunha, a partner at Asar, dubbed it as a landmark transaction in Kuwait. "We are particularly happy to see that it was so well received by global investors. Asar has a long established history of acting on precedent setting bond issuance transactions and this current transaction is no exception," he observed. With dedicated offices in Kuwait and Bahrain coupled with its associated offices and relationships, Asar provides clients across an extensive range of industry sectors with bespoke, practical legal advice and support for their business activities in Kuwait, Bahrain, across the GCC and beyond. The firm has been consistently rated as the leading corporate and commercial law firm in Kuwait by reputable legal guides such as the International Financial Law Review (IFLR), Chambers Global Guide, and the Legal 500. In 2016, Asar was awarded with the IFLR National Law Firm of the Year Award; an award which Asar has been delighted to receive for the 8th consecutive year.-TradeArabia News Service Tags: Kuwait | issue | Asar | More Finance & Capital Market Stories Oman rating balances assets against oil reliance IDB urges adoption of its PPP model Falcon names new chairman, board members UAE’s Beehive enlists SRB for Sharia functions EFG Hermes concludes advisory on $105m IPO Bahraini firm eyes BMB stake Dubai Ruler launches UAE Centennial 2071 plan Euromoney to launch first Emirates Conference in Sharjah New CEO for Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia ADIB launches new class of branch DIFC issues public consultation on new companies law UAE personal loans increase to $95.27bn in Feb Lankan group secures $35m funding from ME banks Etisalat Academy hosts seminar on Blockchain technology UAE is new hub for entrepreneurs says report Alkhabeer Capital posts 6pc growth in net income Kuwait’s Warba Bank lists sukuk on Nasdaq Dubai Instability, oil price main concern for HNWIs PwC welcomes Jackson as region’s deals leader Insurance premiums set to grow in GCC: report Shaikh Ahmed named new GFH chairman Qinvest, ex-Barclays CEO to buy oldest UK stock broker Dubai Chamber to open India office in Mumbai Dubai non-oil foreign trade hits $347bn in 2016 Emirates NBD unit launches India equity fund Gulf sovereign Eurobonds to hit $33bn in 2017 UAE launches VAT, excise awareness sessions Sico UAE becomes Nasdaq Dubai member UAE non-oil exports hits $35bn in nine months FGB, NBAD directors discuss key merger issues Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Berkeley Group Holdings PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Monday. BKG has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Peel Hunt dropped their price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 4,580 ($56.00) to GBX 4,370 ($53.43) and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Shore Capital restated a “hold” rating on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a research report on Friday. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 2,790 ($34.11) to GBX 3,175 ($38.82) and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,559 ($43.51) price target (down previously from GBX 3,876 ($47.39)) on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity boosted their price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 2,750 ($33.62) to GBX 3,170 ($38.76) and gave the stock a ” buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. Berkeley Group Holdings PLC presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 3,232.82 ($39.53). Shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG) opened at 3144.00 on Monday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 4.33 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 2,913.95 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 2,703.44. Berkeley Group Holdings PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 2,015.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 3,390.00. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 24th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be paid a GBX 85.24 ($1.04) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a dividend yield of 2.96%. Your IP Address: Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Company Profile The Berkeley Group Holdings plc is a holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in residential-led, mixed-use property development. Its segments include Residential-led mixed-use development and Other activities. Its brands include Berkeley, which creates medium to large-scale developments in towns, cities and the countryside, encompassing executive homes, mixed use schemes, riverside apartments, refurbished historic buildings and urban loft spaces; St George, which is involved in mixed use sustainable regeneration in London; St James, which handles projects that embrace private residential development, commercial property, recreational and community facilities; St Edward, which offers residentially led developments, and St William. Receive News & Ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Alimentation Couche Tard Inc (ATD.B) PT Lowered to C$76.00 at Scotiabank Next » Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) PT Lowered to C$62.00 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Money Last Modified: Mon, Mar 20 2017. 01 00 PM IST World’s biggest hedge fund joins pivot to local emerging bonds Local debt has turned a corner this year, providing more than double the returns of dollar-denominated developing-country bonds Subscribe to our newsletter. Lianting TuCarrie HongNarae Kim Investors have pumped $4.5 billion into domestic debt this year, EPFR Global data show, as they look past the threat of US policy tightening and President Donald Trump’s protectionist rhetoric. Photo: Reuters Hong Kong: The world’s largest publicly traded hedge fund is finding better value in local-currency bonds compared with their hard-currency equivalents, which have become a crowded trade. Local debt has turned a corner in 2017, providing more than double the returns of dollar-denominated developing-country bonds after delivering losses over the past three years, Bloomberg Barclays indexes show. “On the hard currency side, we think there is a lot of complacency,” said Lisa Chua, portfolio manager for emerging-market debt for Man GLG, a unit of London-based Man Group. “On the local-currency side, medium term we think there is value there. We think a lot of risk around Trump has been priced in over the medium term.” Man Group joins BNP Paribas Investment Partners and JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s private bank division in turning bullish on local-currency credit. Investors have pumped $4.5 billion into domestic debt this year, EPFR Global data show, as they look past the threat of US policy tightening and President Donald Trump’s protectionist rhetoric. Overseas funds have rapidly boosted their overweight positions in Brazil and Russia the past six months amid gradual gains for Indonesia, according to a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. survey. Analysts are forecasting gains for more than half of the emerging-market currencies tracked by Bloomberg by the end of this year, and BNP Paribas Investment Partners also predicts the dollar will depreciate against most of the developing-nation currencies in 2017. The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark lending rate a quarter percentage point last week, without accelerating the timetable for future increases. The “Fed’s rates hikes are already priced in, so there’s no additional strength for the dollar, and emerging-market currencies look very cheap at the moment,” said Jean-Charles Sambor, deputy head of emerging-market fixed income at BNP Paribas Investment Partners. “The bull run of the dollar for the last couple of years—this trend might have been over at the end of 2016.” In Asia, BNP Paribas Investment Partners likes Indonesian and Indian local sovereign credits, as well as some local-currency bonds from banks or quasi sovereigns, such as in Russia. Sambor also expects Brazil’s real and the Mexican peso will appreciate further and lure inflows into those markets in the longer run. “EM has been sold off for many years and people have very light positions on EM bonds,” Ben Sy, head of fixed income, currencies and commodities at JPMorgan’s private-banking unit in Asia. “I am sure some funds will go to local currency because it is still one of the less crowded asset classes and the carry is still very decent.” Bloomberg Lianting TuCarrie HongNarae Kim Topics: bonds hedge funds Donald Trump Federal Reserve More From Livemint READ MORE Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade First Published: Mon, Mar 20 2017. 01 00 PM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Man Group Joins Pivot to Local-Currency Emerging Market Debt by Lianting Tu More stories by Lianting Tu , Carrie Hong More stories by Carrie Hong , and Narae Kim @nkim132 More stories by Narae Kim March 20, 2017, 1:24 AM EDT March 20, 2017, 6:18 AM EDT Trump risk priced in to developing-nation debt: Man Group BNP Paribas Investment likes Indonesian and Indian notes When it comes to emerging-market sovereign debt, Man Group Plc is going local. The world’s largest publicly traded hedge fund is finding better value in local-currency bonds compared with their hard-currency equivalents, which have become a crowded trade. Local debt has turned a corner in 2017, providing more than double the returns of dollar-denominated developing-country bonds after delivering losses over the past three years, Bloomberg Barclays indexes show. “On the hard currency side, we think there is a lot of complacency,” said Lisa Chua, portfolio manager for emerging-market debt for Man GLG, a unit of London-based Man Group. “On the local-currency side, medium term we think there is value there. We think a lot of risk around Trump has been priced in over the medium term.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Man Group joins BNP Paribas Investment Partners and JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s private bank division in turning bullish on local-currency credit. Investors have pumped $4.5 billion into domestic debt this year, EPFR Global data show, as they look past the threat of U.S. policy tightening and President Donald Trump’s protectionist rhetoric. Overseas funds have rapidly boosted their overweight positions in Brazil and Russia the past six months amid gradual gains for Indonesia, according to a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. survey.   Analysts are forecasting gains for more than half of the emerging-market currencies tracked by Bloomberg by the end of this year, and BNP Paribas Investment Partners also predicts the dollar will depreciate against most of the developing-nation currencies in 2017. The Federal Reserve raised its benchmark lending rate a quarter percentage point last week, without accelerating the timetable for future increases. The “Fed’s rates hikes are already priced in, so there’s no additional strength for the dollar, and emerging-market currencies look very cheap at the moment,” said Jean-Charles Sambor, deputy head of emerging-market fixed income at BNP Paribas Investment Partners. “The bull run of the dollar for the last couple of years -- this trend might have been over at the end of 2016.” In Asia, BNP Paribas Investment Partners likes Indonesian and Indian local sovereign credits, as well as some local-currency bonds from banks or quasi sovereigns, such as in Russia. Sambor also expects Brazil’s real and the Mexican peso will appreciate further and lure inflows into those markets in the longer run. He believes the risk of the Fed being seen as hawkish is limited. On China, the world’s biggest emerging market, Man Group’s Chua expects the nation’s currency “will probably need to continue to depreciate,” but it’s unlikely to be extreme. “EM has been sold off for many years and people have very light positions on EM bonds,” Ben Sy, head of fixed income, currencies and commodities at JPMorgan’s private-banking unit in Asia. “I am sure some funds will go to local currency because it is still one of the less crowded asset classes and the carry is still very decent.” (Updates with Sambor’s view on the Fed in seventh paragraph.) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help

SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Brazilian airline Azul sets IPO pricing terms March 17, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Brazilian airline Azul has priced its IPO of 72 million shares at between $18.02 and $21.81 per share. Azul plans on listing the stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “AZUL.” Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Bradesco Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James & Associates Inc and Santander Investment Securities Inc will serve international underwriters. Azul’s backers include include TPG Growth. PRESS RELEASE SÃO PAULO –(BUSINESS WIRE) Azul S.A., or Azul, announced today that it has commenced an initial public offering pursuant to which Azul is offering 63,000,000 preferred shares and certain selling shareholders are offering 9,000,000 preferred shares, for a total of 72,000,000 preferred shares, in a global offering consisting of (i) an offering of preferred shares in Brazil by the Brazilian underwriters, and (ii) a concurrent international offering of preferred shares, including in the form of American depositary shares, or ADSs, in the United States and elsewhere outside of Brazil by the international underwriters. Each ADS represents three preferred shares. The selling shareholders intend to grant the international underwriters and Brazilian underwriters an option to purchase for a period of 30 days beginning on the date hereof up to the first day of trading of the preferred shares on the BM&FBOVESPA for 10,800,000 additional preferred shares at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discount to cover options to purchase additional preferred shares. The total amount of preferred shares offered in the global offering, including preferred shares represented by ADSs (but excluding preferred shares that may be sold pursuant to the underwriters’ option described above), may be increased by up to 20%, representing 14,400,000 additional preferred shares, including in the form of ADSs to be sold by the selling shareholders upon the agreement of the selling shareholders, Brazilian underwriters and the international underwriters. We anticipate that the initial public offering price will be between R$19.00 and R$23.00 per preferred share and between US$18.02 and US$21.81 per ADS, calculated at the exchange rate of R$3.1636 per US$1.00 at March 14, 2017. The international offering is made in the United States pursuant to registration statements filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Preferred shares are being offered in Brazil in a public offering expected to be authorized by the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários). The closings of the international and Brazilian offerings are conditioned upon each other. Application has been made to list the ADSs on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “AZUL” and to list the preferred shares on the Level 2 (Nível 2) segment of the São Paulo Stock Exchange (BM&FBOVESPA S.A.—Bolsa de Valores Mercadorias e Futuros) under the symbol “AZUL4.” Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Bradesco Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Santander Investment Securities Inc., will collectively act as international underwriters with respect to the offering of the ADSs and, together with Safra Securities LLC, as agents on behalf of the Brazilian underwriters with respect to the offering of preferred shares sold outside of Brazil not in the form of ADSs. A copy of the preliminary prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: +1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free); Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, by telephone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at [email protected] ; and Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Attention: Steven M. Hurwitz, 767 Fifth Avenue 50th Floor, New York, NY 10153, by telephone at + 1 (212) 710-6734, or by email at [email protected] Banco Itaú BBA S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Brasil, Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., Deutsche Bank S.A. – Banco Alemão, BB – Banco de Investimento S.A., Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Banco J.P. Morgan S.A., Banco J. Safra S.A. and Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A. will act collectively as Brazilian underwriters with respect to the sale of preferred shares in the public offering in Brazil. About Azul Azul is the largest airline in Brazil in terms of departures and cities served, with 784 daily departures serving 102 destinations, creating a network of 203 non-stop routes as of December 31, 2016. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, BBH Capital, Morgan Stanley are hiring by Eamon Murphy Sealed Air nears sale of Diversey Care to Bain Capital, say sources: Reuters by Reuters News B Capital hires five and promotes one by Iris Dorbian CD&R-backed Brand and Odyssey-backed Safway to merge by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: IAC, StepStone, Barings are hiring by Eamon Murphy Flow raises $13 mln from Bain Capital Ventures by Luisa Beltran Platinum Equity to acquire Staples’ Australia and New Zealand business by Iris Dorbian Marlin Equity racks up $3.25 bln for two funds by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing TJX Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Five Below Inc (FIVE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS PVH Corp (PVH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Pacific Crest Initiates Coverage on JD.Com Inc (JD) Gulfport Energy Co. (GPOR) Lowered to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) CEO John L. Higgins Sells 4,000 Shares KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Major Shareholder David L. Hatcher Sells 9,000 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Major Shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech Buys 30,000 Shares of Stock 6.1% Stake of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. – (PLYA) Maintained by Abu Dhabi Investment Authority Insider Selling: Stock Yards Bancorp Inc (SYBT) CEO Sells 938 Shares of Stock Stanley A. Askren Sells 2,764 Shares of HNI Corp (HNI) Stock Insider Selling: Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Director Sells 3,603 Shares of Stock Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Citigroup Inc Muenchener Rckvsngs Gslscft Mncn AG -ADR (MURGY) Downgraded to “Mkt Perform” at Sanford C. Bernstein Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Upgraded to Buy at Northcoast Research Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carador Income Fund PLC (CIFU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Given Buy Rating at TD Securities TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Takes Position in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Assenagon Asset Management S.A. acquired a new position in shares of TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund acquired 481,010 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock, valued at approximately $36,138,000. TJX Companies makes up about 0.7% of Assenagon Asset Management S.A.’s portfolio, making the stock its 7th largest position. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. owned about 0.07% of TJX Companies at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new position in TJX Companies during the fourth quarter worth $227,702,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in TJX Companies by 28.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,526,285 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $1,011,496,000 after buying an additional 2,996,299 shares during the last quarter. Two Sigma Advisers LP bought a new position in TJX Companies during the third quarter worth $202,524,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company bought a new position in TJX Companies during the third quarter worth $192,116,000. Finally, Viking Global Investors LP bought a new position in TJX Companies during the fourth quarter worth $98,564,000. 87.65% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX) opened at 79.22 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $77.22 and its 200-day moving average price is $76.05. TJX Companies Inc has a 52 week low of $71.50 and a 52 week high of $83.64. The stock has a market capitalization of $52.08 billion, a PE ratio of 22.90 and a beta of 0.70. TJX Companies (NYSE:TJX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The apparel and home fashions retailer reported $1.03 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.00 by $0.03. TJX Companies had a return on equity of 53.12% and a net margin of 7.00%. The firm earned $9.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.45 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.99 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that TJX Companies Inc will post $3.91 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on TJX shares. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised TJX Companies from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and set a $97.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research cut TJX Companies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Cowen and Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $87.00 price objective on shares of TJX Companies in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $77.00 price objective on shares of TJX Companies in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 price target on shares of TJX Companies in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. TJX Companies currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $84.84. In other TJX Companies news, EVP Michael Macmillan sold 21,180 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.50, for a total transaction of $1,662,630.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 148,820 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $11,682,370. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 0.30% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. TJX Companies Company Profile The TJX Companies, Inc (TJX) is an off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the United States and across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Canada and TJX International. T.J. Maxx and Marshalls chains in the United States are collectively the off-price retailer in the United States with a total of approximately 2,163 stores. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TJX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX). Receive News & Ratings for TJX Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous 6,438,604 Shares in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Acquired by Norges Bank Next » Inphi Co. (IPHI) Shares Sold by Putnam Investments LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amphenol Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amphenol Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Numeric Investors LLC Has $558,000 Stake in Amphenol Co. (APH) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Numeric Investors LLC increased its position in Amphenol Co. (NYSE:APH) by 38.3% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 8,300 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,300 shares during the period. Numeric Investors LLC’s holdings in Amphenol were worth $558,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of APH. Capital World Investors increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 15.0% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 24,821,636 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,611,421,000 after buying an additional 3,240,341 shares during the period. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 5.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11,968,382 shares of the company’s stock worth $804,263,000 after buying an additional 610,698 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 3.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,445,094 shares of the company’s stock worth $613,364,000 after buying an additional 283,421 shares during the period. Janus Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 8,333,069 shares of the company’s stock worth $560,026,000 after buying an additional 362,717 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Amphenol by 2.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,329,412 shares of the company’s stock worth $345,985,000 after buying an additional 147,924 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 96.70% of the company’s stock. Shares of Amphenol Co. (NYSE:APH) opened at 71.34 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $21.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.33 and a beta of 0.86. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $69.33 and a 200-day moving average price of $66.91. Amphenol Co. has a one year low of $54.94 and a one year high of $71.98. Amphenol (NYSE:APH) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $0.75 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.72 by $0.03. The company earned $1.65 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.61 billion. Amphenol had a return on equity of 23.73% and a net margin of 13.09%. Amphenol’s quarterly revenue was up 12.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.63 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Amphenol Co. will post $2.91 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 11th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 20th will be given a dividend of $0.16 per share. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.90%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 16th. Amphenol’s payout ratio is 24.52%. Your IP Address: A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on APH shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Amphenol from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their target price on Amphenol from $69.00 to $71.00 and gave the stock a “top pick” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $80.00 target price on shares of Amphenol in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Amphenol currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $76.00. Amphenol Company Profile Amphenol Corporation (Amphenol) is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of electrical, electronic and fiber optic connectors, interconnect systems, antennas, sensors and sensor-based products, and coaxial and specialty cable. The Company operates through two segments: Interconnect Products and Assemblies, and Cable Products and Solutions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding APH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Amphenol Co. (NYSE:APH). Receive News & Ratings for Amphenol Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amphenol Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan Out With Top Ranked Tech Networking/Hardware Stocks to Buy By Lee Jackson March 16, 2017 8:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet Two sub-sectors of technology that have performed very well recently are the networking equipment and information technology hardware arenas, and with good reason. After solid fourth-quarter reports, a ton of focus remains on cloud storage and computing and on mergers and acquisitions deals. Bottom line, investors have moved more capital toward the top stocks. In a new research report, JPMorgan makes the case that while some of the optical names underperformed, they are expected to recover, as a real slowdown in the silo is very unlikely. The firm also has ranked its top picks in the networking/hardware areas, and while there is only one change in the top five, all look like solid buys now for more aggressive accounts. All are rated Overweight and here ranked from 1 to 5. Viavi Solutions This smaller capitalization company remains in the number one slot and has solid upside potential. Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ: VIAV) is a global provider of network test, monitoring and assurance solutions to communications service providers, enterprises and their ecosystems, supported by a worldwide channel community including Viavi Velocity Solution Partners. The company delivers end-to-end visibility across physical, virtual and hybrid networks, enabling customers to optimize connectivity, quality of experience and profitability. Viavi is also a leader in high-performance thin film optical coatings, providing light management solutions to anti-counterfeiting, consumer electronics, automotive, defense and instrumentation markets. The analysts noted in their report: We continue to see material upside to Viavi’s earnings from 3D sensing in the new iPhone as well as ongoing restructuring. We also believe accretive consolidation deals are a possibility. The JPMorgan price target for the stock is $11, and the Wall Street consensus target is $10.56. The shares closed Wednesday at $9.90. Juniper Networks This solid technology stock has been on a long roller-coaster ride for investors over the past two years. Juniper Networks Inc. (NYSE: JNPR) is a provider of high-performance network infrastructure to service providers and enterprises. Key products include IP-based routers for service provider core and edge networks, security solutions and high-end enterprise routing equipment. Juniper’s products support converged data, voice, video and wireless applications across extended networks. The company reported strong fourth-quarter numbers but guidance was below expectations on gross margin pressures and higher operating expenses. Top analysts feel that new switches and routers should ramp up on cloud demand while other businesses like telecom and security stabilize. Shareholders are paid a 1.41% dividend. JPMorgan has a $32 price target, and the consensus price objective is $28.43. The shares closed most recently at $28.30. Pages: 1/2 « Facebook Native Videos Generate 1,000% Higher Share Rate Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Biogen, Goldcorp, GoPro, Oracle, Sirius XM, Tyson Foods, Ciena and More » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Ciena Corp (NASDAQ:CIEN), Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE:JNPR) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Baidu and Tencent Just Invested in this Electric Vehicle Maker Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Silgan Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Silgan Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2,339,000 Position in Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet New York State Teachers Retirement System continued to hold its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 45,700 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System owned about 0.08% of Silgan Holdings worth $2,339,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 9.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 6,889,466 shares of the company’s stock valued at $352,602,000 after buying an additional 582,820 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 0.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,893,366 shares of the company’s stock valued at $298,145,000 after buying an additional 53,213 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 5.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,548,167 shares of the company’s stock valued at $78,322,000 after buying an additional 74,205 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 16.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,277,256 shares of the company’s stock valued at $64,616,000 after buying an additional 182,496 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Silgan Holdings by 0.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,229,062 shares of the company’s stock valued at $62,178,000 after buying an additional 4,189 shares in the last quarter. 74.27% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Silgan Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN) opened at 61.20 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $3.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.00 and a beta of 0.57. The company’s 50 day moving average is $60.02 and its 200 day moving average is $53.17. Silgan Holdings Inc. has a 12-month low of $47.16 and a 12-month high of $61.38. Silgan Holdings (NASDAQ:SLGN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.48 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.48 by $0.00. The firm earned $805.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $814.52 million. Silgan Holdings had a net margin of 4.25% and a return on equity of 25.75%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 2.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.48 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Silgan Holdings Inc. will post $3.23 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 16th will be given a $0.18 dividend. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.18%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, March 14th. This is a boost from Silgan Holdings’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. Silgan Holdings’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 26.67%. Your IP Address: SLGN has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Silgan Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. BMO Capital Markets upgraded shares of Silgan Holdings from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $65.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Silgan Holdings from an “underperform” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Barclays PLC lifted their target price on shares of Silgan Holdings from $54.00 to $55.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $54.71. Silgan Holdings Company Profile Silgan Holdings Inc (Silgan) is a manufacturer of rigid packaging for shelf-stable food and other consumer goods products. The Company operates through three segments: metal container, closures and plastic container. The Company’s products include steel and aluminum containers for human and pet food and general line products; metal, composite and plastic closures for food and beverage products, and custom designed plastic containers and closures for personal care, food, healthcare, pharmaceutical, household and industrial chemical, pet care, agricultural, automotive and marine chemical products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SLGN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Silgan Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN). Receive News & Ratings for Silgan Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Silgan Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cantab Capital Partners LLP Has $331,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Next » U.S. Bancorp (USB) Stake Raised by Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Electronics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Air Canada (AC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Howden Joinery Group Plc’s (HWDN) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Keras Resources PLC (KRS) Given “Corporate” Rating at Northland Securities New York State Teachers Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New York State Teachers Retirement System held its stake in Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 35,890 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System owned approximately 0.25% of Universal Electronics worth $2,317,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 8.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 992,691 shares of the company’s stock worth $73,916,000 after buying an additional 73,391 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 108.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,420 shares of the company’s stock worth $999,000 after buying an additional 6,985 shares during the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 20.7% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 21,129 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,573,000 after buying an additional 3,625 shares during the last quarter. KBC Group NV increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 39.7% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 12,844 shares of the company’s stock worth $956,000 after buying an additional 3,652 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Smith Asset Management Group LP increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 1.8% in the third quarter. Smith Asset Management Group LP now owns 2,213 shares of the company’s stock worth $165,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 90.71% of the company’s stock. Shares of Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC) opened at 68.05 on Friday. Universal Electronics Inc has a 52-week low of $52.90 and a 52-week high of $80.42. The company has a market cap of $979.24 million, a P/E ratio of 49.31 and a beta of 1.78. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $65.76 and a 200-day moving average price of $68.29. Universal Electronics (NASDAQ:UEIC) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.70 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.70. Universal Electronics had a return on equity of 16.85% and a net margin of 4.05%. The firm earned $160.10 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $164.41 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.91 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Universal Electronics Inc will post $3.63 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of research firms recently weighed in on UEIC. TheStreet downgraded Universal Electronics from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Universal Electronics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Lake Street Capital dropped their target price on Universal Electronics from $78.00 to $71.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, Universal Electronics presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $75.38. Universal Electronics Company Profile Universal Electronics Inc (UEI) develops control and sensor technology solutions and manufactures a line of pre-programmed and universal remote control products, audio-video (AV) accessories, and intelligent wireless security and automation components. The Company’s offerings include pre-programmed universal infrared (IR) and radio frequency (RF) remote controls that are sold primarily to subscription broadcasting providers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), retailers, and private label customers, and integrated circuits, on which its software and universal device control database is embedded, sold primarily to OEMs, subscription broadcasting providers, and private label customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UEIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC). Receive News & Ratings for Universal Electronics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cray Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cray Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Air Canada (AC) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Howden Joinery Group Plc’s (HWDN) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Keras Resources PLC (KRS) Given “Corporate” Rating at Northland Securities Public Sector Pension Investment Board Maintains Position in Cray Inc. (CRAY) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Public Sector Pension Investment Board maintained its stake in shares of Cray Inc. (NASDAQ:CRAY) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 28,700 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Public Sector Pension Investment Board owned 0.07% of Cray worth $594,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Cray by 84.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 988,992 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,281,000 after buying an additional 453,089 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Cray by 206,026.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 441,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,383,000 after buying an additional 440,896 shares during the last quarter. Capital Research Global Investors increased its position in Cray by 7.3% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 4,272,068 shares of the company’s stock worth $100,564,000 after buying an additional 289,081 shares during the last quarter. Mairs & Power INC increased its position in Cray by 7.8% in the third quarter. Mairs & Power INC now owns 3,081,521 shares of the company’s stock worth $72,539,000 after buying an additional 223,585 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in Cray by 27.1% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 967,099 shares of the company’s stock worth $22,766,000 after buying an additional 205,918 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 86.32% of the company’s stock. Cray Inc. (NASDAQ:CRAY) opened at 20.80 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $831.73 million, a P/E ratio of 80.00 and a beta of 1.25. Cray Inc. has a 12-month low of $16.10 and a 12-month high of $43.40. The company has a 50 day moving average of $19.82 and a 200-day moving average of $20.59. Cray (NASDAQ:CRAY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $1.38 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.24 by $0.14. The business earned $346.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $346.79 million. Cray had a net margin of 1.69% and a return on equity of 2.64%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 29.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.79 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Cray Inc. will post ($0.14) earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. TheStreet raised shares of Cray from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Cray from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $25.00 price objective on shares of Cray in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $35.67. About Cray Cray Inc is engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing the high performance computing (HPC) market, primarily categories of systems known as supercomputers. The Company’s segments include Supercomputing, Storage and Data Management, Maintenance and Support, and Engineering Services and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CRAY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cray Inc. (NASDAQ:CRAY). Receive News & Ratings for Cray Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cray Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Q2 Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Q2 Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) PT at $3,348.30 Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital FinnCap Boosts Quixant PLC (QXT) Price Target to GBX 415 Beaufort Securities Reiterates “Speculative Buy” Rating for Solo Oil PLC (SOLO) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Primo Water Co. Issued By Barrington Research (PRMW) First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Receives $29.35 Average PT from Analysts Carlsberg A/S (CABGY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages BNP Paribas SA (BNP) PT Set at €66.00 by Citigroup Inc Barclays PLC Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €171.00 Price Target Canadian Metals Inc Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share (CME) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Jamba, Inc. Issued By Wedbush (JMBA) Richard P. Teets, Jr. Sells 140,295 Shares of Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Stock Eugene F. Reilly Sells 70,000 Shares of Prologis Inc (PLD) Stock Chromadex Corp (CDXC) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Stock Rating Upgraded by Wells Fargo & Co Impala Platinum Holdings Limited (IMPUY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sinclair Pharma PLC (SPH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Enquest Plc (ENQ) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €83.00 Price Target Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $2,952,000 in Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Q2 Holdings Inc (NYSE:QTWO) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 101,443 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,952,000. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 85.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,258,617 shares of the company’s stock valued at $93,392,000 after buying an additional 1,497,182 shares during the period. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 50.7% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 41,896 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,201,000 after buying an additional 14,086 shares during the period. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 4.8% in the third quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC now owns 2,170,256 shares of the company’s stock valued at $62,200,000 after buying an additional 99,910 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 8.0% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 262,017 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,342,000 after buying an additional 19,508 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Q2 Holdings by 5.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,969,449 shares of the company’s stock valued at $56,445,000 after buying an additional 102,163 shares during the period. 93.68% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Q2 Holdings Inc (NYSE:QTWO) opened at 36.00 on Friday. Q2 Holdings Inc has a 52 week low of $21.51 and a 52 week high of $37.58. The company’s market cap is $1.46 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $34.15 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.64. Your IP Address: QTWO has been the topic of several recent research reports. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $35.00 price target on shares of Q2 Holdings in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Q2 Holdings in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Craig Hallum set a $45.00 price target on Q2 Holdings and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. BTIG Research reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Q2 Holdings in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Loop Capital initiated coverage on Q2 Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. They set a “buy” rating and a $36.00 target price on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $36.50. In other Q2 Holdings news, major shareholder Adams Street Partners Llc sold 325,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.00, for a total value of $11,375,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director James Offerdahl sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $29.65, for a total value of $29,650.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 9,043 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $268,124.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 461,535 shares of company stock valued at $15,979,969 in the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 38.10% of the company’s stock. Q2 Holdings Company Profile Q2 Holdings, Inc is a provider of secure, cloud-based virtual banking solutions. The Company enables regional and community financial institutions (RCFIs) to deliver a range of virtual banking services. The Company delivers virtual banking solutions across online, mobile, voice and tablet channels. The Company’s solutions are the point of interaction between its RCFI customers and their account holders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding QTWO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Q2 Holdings Inc (NYSE:QTWO). Receive News & Ratings for Q2 Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Q2 Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Roundtable ETF Roundtable: How to Play This Brave New Market Donald Trump’s win doesn’t change the big issues facing investors, say four investment experts. By Beverly Goodman Biography Nov. 19, 2016 1:39 a.m. ET It has been a confounding year for market watchers. For the first time since the financial crisis, a high percentage of actively managed funds are beating the market. Value stocks are beating growth ones. And, of course, the U.S. presidential election resulted in a surprise for most investors, yet the markets have registered no shock. And that throws into question what to expect next. All of this has been reflected in... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Finance Government’s housing affordability headache Starbucks stands by refugee pledge CommInsure ‘didn’t pressure docs’ ‘Fake president': Scathing takedown Trump was ‘monitored, surveilled’ Market set to rise after $30bn loss ‘We will defeat and destroy the terrorists’ Finance news you need to know today real estate buying Property investors face three per cent rate hikes March 16, 20172:23pm NSW investors will be hardest hit by any rate rises. Frank Chungnews.com.au@franks_chung Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend PROPERTY investors who rely on rental cashflows to maintain mortgage repayments could soon face interest rate hikes of up to three per cent, according to a new study. JP Morgan’s latest Australian Mortgage Industry Report, based on a survey of 52,000 households by research firm Digital Finance Analytics, warns that higher capital requirements will have a “significant impact” on banks’ pricing of investor loans in the near future. Under new “Basel 4” regulatory requirements, investor loans that are “materially dependent on property cash flows” will see the “most extreme effects”, with banks required to hold up to five times more capital in reserve to protect against potential losses. That “may see repricing of up to 300 basis points”, the report warns. It adds that investors who rely on rental income are “also the most sensitive to rising interest rates” of up to two to three per cent. “Looking at the portfolio through a geographical lens, a lot of the focus on potential risk in the mortgage portfolio has been centred around Western Australia and Queensland due to mining, and Victoria due to potential oversupply of inner-city apartments,” said DFA principal Martin North. “However, the highest sensitivity to rates is actually in New South Wales where house prices are significantly higher, as are borrowing commitments.” It comes as the major banks tighten lending criteria for investor loans to keep growth under 10 per cent, as required by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. “The cynic will say that the repricing of the investor and interest only products is not to price for risk, but rather, to offset higher funding costs to preserve overall mortgage portfolio margins so that banks can continue to compete [via discounting on new loans] in the owner occupied space, where there is greater political focus, and fewer regulatory concerns (i.e. no growth caps),” the report says. It argues much of the impact of the changes will depend on how the banks and the regulator “practically define” the term “materially dependent on property cash flows”. “Perhaps not surprisingly, the Basel Committee hasn’t actually defined what ‘materially dependent on property cash flows for repayment’ actually means,” said JP Morgan banking analyst Scott Manning. “Essentially, the Basel Committee has left it up to APRA to determine how much of the mortgage portfolio will attract this higher risk weight, and therefore what the overall risk weight on the mortgage portfolio is. “In our view, how APRA defines ‘materially dependent on property cash flows’ provides ample scope for the local regulator to ‘reverse engineer’ an overall outcome that could be calibrated to global standards and meet the need to be ‘unquestionably strong’.” DFA’s analysis of 52,000 households concluded that in a “modest” scenario, around 25 per cent of the investor loan portfolio may be captured, making up 10 per cent of all mortgages given investor loans make up 40 per cent. A “median” scenario would capture just over 10 per cent of investors, or 5 per cent of the total portfolio, and a “tight approach” would capture about 5 per cent of investors, or around 2 per cent of the total. But the portfolio approach “doesn’t tell the whole story”. “Parts of the market may be significantly affected, while others will be largely untouched,” the report says. “The scenario of a ‘modest definition’ of taking property costs exceeding 30 per cent of gross income would see 27 per cent of the portfolio captured. However, this would include a staggering 80 per cent of Wealthy Seniors, around 50 per cent of Young Affluent and Stressed Seniors, and around 40 per cent of Young Growing Families and Suburban Mainstream segments.” Mr Manning said what proportion of investor loans were captured by the definition of being “materially dependent on property cash flows” would end up being “critical to the competitive dynamics across the industry in coming years”. “If heightened churn becomes a reality, banks like CommBank and Westpac with the largest, oldest back books will have the most to lose,” he said. “ANZ on the other hand, is best placed to take advantage of these changes, given its current low growth rates and the highest amount of capital deploy.” frank.chung@news.com.au Boring Is Beautiful for Investing0:39 Stick to legendary investor Warren Buffett's advice: Keep your portfolio cheap and simple. March 4th 2017 20 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/Business/Markets/ Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top Right now in finance 236Readers Telemarker calls: Join the Do Not Call register, or use thes... 264Readers Uber: Is this the beginning of the end? 32Readers Government’s housing affordability headache 75Readers Donald Trump was ‘wiretapped’ after all, intel committee cha... 27Readers Pumpkin Patch brand, IP sold to Catch Group finance breaking news 22:50Stocks hold steady after London attack 19:35ASIC reviewing Harvey Norman's accounts 18:17Kin makes new shallow high-grade discovery 15:06Rising domestic fares a boost for airlines 16:29Shareholders want clearer CEO pay reports A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard „Bo” Dietl, as Consultant NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Digipath, Inc. (OTCQB: DIGP), an independent cannabis lab testing and media firm, is pleased to announce it has hired renowned ex-NYPD detective, Mr. Richard „Bo” Dietl, as a consultant. Mr. Dietl was a New York City police officer and detective from June 1969 until he retired in 1985 and is one of the most highly decorated detectives in the history of the police department, with thousands of arrests to his credit. He was one of the first NYPD undercover decoy cops and was hospitalized 30 times for injuries sustained in the line of duty. In 1989, President George Bush appointed Mr. Dietl as co-chairman of the National Crime Commission. In 1994, Governor George E. Pataki appointed him as chairman of the New York State Security Guard Advisory Council, and he was subsequently re-appointed by Governor Elliot Spitzer. Mr. Dietl served as security consultant to the National Republican Convention and as director of security for many New York State Republican Conventions. He is the founder and chairman of Beau Dietl & Associates and Investigations.com. Founded in 1985, Beau Dietl & Associates has grown to become one of the premier investigative and security firms in the nation and is a full service organization providing a wide variety of investigative and security services to corporate and individual clients worldwide. In 2010, Mr. Dietl formed Beau Dietl Consulting Services (BDCS), which recruits temporary and permanent placements in the IT, finance, and business verticals for global leaders and Fortune 500 companies with clients such as JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, and Ernst & Young. Mr. Dietl has also been active in the entertainment industry, as a frequent guest on Fox News, and with parts in over 20 movies and television series. Joseph Bianco, the CEO of Digipath, commented, „Bo Dietl is one of the most respected and connected figures in New York City and across the U.S. His passion for justice and law enforcement is legendary, and he is a supporter of cannabis legalization efforts in the U.S. Bringing him aboard Digipath as a consultant will provide great visibility to our company.” About Digipath, Inc. Digipath, Inc. is an independent cannabis testing and media firm that supports the cannabis industry’s best practices for reliable testing and delivers cannabis news coverage and education about the cannabis industry. Digipath’s two business units are Digipath Labs and TNM News Corp. Digipath Labs™ is working to set the industry standard for testing all forms of cannabis-based products using FDA-compliant laboratory equipment and proprietary standard operating procedures (SOP) to ensure product safety and efficacy. TNM News Corp. has pioneered a cannabis-focused news network, The National Marijuana News, which delivers news, interviews, and education on all things cannabis. For more information please visit http://www.Digipath.com/ Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking statements” that include information relating to future events, and future financial and operating performance. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management’s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: the Company’s need for additional funding, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, the demand for the Company’s products, the introduction of new products, the Company’s ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company’s liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Digipath, please refer to the Company’s recent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Harrison Phillips Viridian Capital Advisors, LLC (212) 209-3086 hphillips@viridianca.com   SOURCE DigiPath, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Education, Entertainment, Industry, Markets, Movies, Nation, officer, Personnel Announcements, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Evidence-Based Recommendation Released From NICE (U.K.) For Lateral Interbody Fusion Next PostNext Petmate® Debuts New Collections at Global Pet Expo Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard „Bo” Dietl, as Consultant NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Digipath, Inc. (OTCQB: DIGP), an independent cannabis lab testing and media firm, is pleased to announce it has hired renowned ex-NYPD detective, Mr. Richard „Bo” Dietl, as a consultant. Mr. Dietl was a New York City police officer and detective from June 1969 until he retired in 1985 and is one of the most highly decorated detectives in the history of the police department, with thousands of arrests to his credit. He was one of the first NYPD undercover decoy cops and was hospitalized 30 times for injuries sustained in the line of duty. In 1989, President George Bush appointed Mr. Dietl as co-chairman of the National Crime Commission. In 1994, Governor George E. Pataki appointed him as chairman of the New York State Security Guard Advisory Council, and he was subsequently re-appointed by Governor Elliot Spitzer. Mr. Dietl served as security consultant to the National Republican Convention and as director of security for many New York State Republican Conventions. He is the founder and chairman of Beau Dietl & Associates and Investigations.com. Founded in 1985, Beau Dietl & Associates has grown to become one of the premier investigative and security firms in the nation and is a full service organization providing a wide variety of investigative and security services to corporate and individual clients worldwide. In 2010, Mr. Dietl formed Beau Dietl Consulting Services (BDCS), which recruits temporary and permanent placements in the IT, finance, and business verticals for global leaders and Fortune 500 companies with clients such as JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, and Ernst & Young. Mr. Dietl has also been active in the entertainment industry, as a frequent guest on Fox News, and with parts in over 20 movies and television series. Joseph Bianco, the CEO of Digipath, commented, „Bo Dietl is one of the most respected and connected figures in New York City and across the U.S. His passion for justice and law enforcement is legendary, and he is a supporter of cannabis legalization efforts in the U.S. Bringing him aboard Digipath as a consultant will provide great visibility to our company.” About Digipath, Inc. Digipath, Inc. is an independent cannabis testing and media firm that supports the cannabis industry’s best practices for reliable testing and delivers cannabis news coverage and education about the cannabis industry. Digipath’s two business units are Digipath Labs and TNM News Corp. Digipath Labs™ is working to set the industry standard for testing all forms of cannabis-based products using FDA-compliant laboratory equipment and proprietary standard operating procedures (SOP) to ensure product safety and efficacy. TNM News Corp. has pioneered a cannabis-focused news network, The National Marijuana News, which delivers news, interviews, and education on all things cannabis. For more information please visit http://www.Digipath.com/ Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking statements” that include information relating to future events, and future financial and operating performance. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management’s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: the Company’s need for additional funding, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, the demand for the Company’s products, the introduction of new products, the Company’s ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company’s liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Digipath, please refer to the Company’s recent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Harrison Phillips Viridian Capital Advisors, LLC (212) 209-3086 hphillips@viridianca.com   SOURCE DigiPath, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Education, Entertainment, Industry, Markets, Movies, Nation, officer, Personnel Announcements, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Evidence-Based Recommendation Released From NICE (U.K.) For Lateral Interbody Fusion Next PostNext Petmate® Debuts New Collections at Global Pet Expo Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard „Bo” Dietl, as Consultant NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Digipath, Inc. (OTCQB: DIGP), an independent cannabis lab testing and media firm, is pleased to announce it has hired renowned ex-NYPD detective, Mr. Richard „Bo” Dietl, as a consultant. Mr. Dietl was a New York City police officer and detective from June 1969 until he retired in 1985 and is one of the most highly decorated detectives in the history of the police department, with thousands of arrests to his credit. He was one of the first NYPD undercover decoy cops and was hospitalized 30 times for injuries sustained in the line of duty. In 1989, President George Bush appointed Mr. Dietl as co-chairman of the National Crime Commission. In 1994, Governor George E. Pataki appointed him as chairman of the New York State Security Guard Advisory Council, and he was subsequently re-appointed by Governor Elliot Spitzer. Mr. Dietl served as security consultant to the National Republican Convention and as director of security for many New York State Republican Conventions. He is the founder and chairman of Beau Dietl & Associates and Investigations.com. Founded in 1985, Beau Dietl & Associates has grown to become one of the premier investigative and security firms in the nation and is a full service organization providing a wide variety of investigative and security services to corporate and individual clients worldwide. In 2010, Mr. Dietl formed Beau Dietl Consulting Services (BDCS), which recruits temporary and permanent placements in the IT, finance, and business verticals for global leaders and Fortune 500 companies with clients such as JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, and Ernst & Young. Mr. Dietl has also been active in the entertainment industry, as a frequent guest on Fox News, and with parts in over 20 movies and television series. Joseph Bianco, the CEO of Digipath, commented, „Bo Dietl is one of the most respected and connected figures in New York City and across the U.S. His passion for justice and law enforcement is legendary, and he is a supporter of cannabis legalization efforts in the U.S. Bringing him aboard Digipath as a consultant will provide great visibility to our company.” About Digipath, Inc. Digipath, Inc. is an independent cannabis testing and media firm that supports the cannabis industry’s best practices for reliable testing and delivers cannabis news coverage and education about the cannabis industry. Digipath’s two business units are Digipath Labs and TNM News Corp. Digipath Labs™ is working to set the industry standard for testing all forms of cannabis-based products using FDA-compliant laboratory equipment and proprietary standard operating procedures (SOP) to ensure product safety and efficacy. TNM News Corp. has pioneered a cannabis-focused news network, The National Marijuana News, which delivers news, interviews, and education on all things cannabis. For more information please visit http://www.Digipath.com/ Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains „forward-looking statements” that include information relating to future events, and future financial and operating performance. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management’s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: the Company’s need for additional funding, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, the demand for the Company’s products, the introduction of new products, the Company’s ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company’s liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Digipath, please refer to the Company’s recent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Harrison Phillips Viridian Capital Advisors, LLC (212) 209-3086 hphillips@viridianca.com   SOURCE DigiPath, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Education, Entertainment, Industry, Markets, Movies, Nation, officer, Personnel Announcements, service Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Evidence-Based Recommendation Released From NICE (U.K.) For Lateral Interbody Fusion Next PostNext Petmate® Debuts New Collections at Global Pet Expo Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Encana Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Encana Corp (ECA) Director Buys $130,995.00 in Stock Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) (TSE:ECA) Director Clayton Harvey Woitas bought 12,300 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $10.65 per share, with a total value of $130,995.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Clayton Harvey Woitas also recently made the following trade(s): On Friday, March 10th, Clayton Harvey Woitas bought 14,400 shares of Encana Corp stock. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $10.46 per share, with a total value of $150,624.00. Shares of Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) opened at 10.69 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $11.75 and its 200 day moving average price is $11.41. The stock’s market capitalization is $10.40 billion. Encana Corp has a 52 week low of $5.36 and a 52 week high of $13.85. Encana Corp (NYSE:ECA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.09 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.03 by $0.06. Encana Corp had a positive return on equity of 1.79% and a negative net margin of 40.77%. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.13 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Encana Corp will post $0.35 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th will be issued a $0.015 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, March 13th. This represents a $0.06 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.56%. Encana Corp’s payout ratio is -3.97%. Your IP Address: Several brokerages have recently issued reports on ECA. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $15.00 target price on shares of Encana Corp in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Encana Corp in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $16.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Encana Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Vetr raised Encana Corp from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $15.42 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 target price on shares of Encana Corp in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $13.88. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $113,848,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $251,000. Worth Venture Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Encana Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $343,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. raised its stake in shares of Encana Corp by 19.1% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 24,713 shares of the company’s stock worth $295,000 after buying an additional 3,967 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Encana Corp by 40.6% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 79,518 shares of the company’s stock worth $934,000 after buying an additional 22,960 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 64.57% of the company’s stock. Encana Corp Company Profile Encana Corp is a Canada-based energy producer, which is engaged in the business of exploration, development, production and marketing of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids (NGLs). The Company’s operations also include the marketing of natural gas, oil and NGLs. All of its reserves and production are located in North America. Receive News & Ratings for Encana Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Encana Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous B/E Aerospace Inc (BEAV) Shares Bought by Janus Capital Management LLC Next » Insider Selling: Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) VP Sells $76,060.60 in Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard "Bo" Dietl, as Consultant News provided by DigiPath, Inc. Mar 20, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Digipath, Inc. (OTCQB: DIGP), an independent cannabis lab testing and media firm, is pleased to announce it has hired renowned ex-NYPD detective, Mr. Richard "Bo" Dietl, as a consultant. Mr. Dietl was a New York City police officer and detective from June 1969 until he retired in 1985 and is one of the most highly decorated detectives in the history of the police department, with thousands of arrests to his credit. He was one of the first NYPD undercover decoy cops and was hospitalized 30 times for injuries sustained in the line of duty. In 1989, President George Bush appointed Mr. Dietl as co-chairman of the National Crime Commission. In 1994, Governor George E. Pataki appointed him as chairman of the New York State Security Guard Advisory Council, and he was subsequently re-appointed by Governor Elliot Spitzer. Mr. Dietl served as security consultant to the National Republican Convention and as director of security for many New York State Republican Conventions. He is the founder and chairman of Beau Dietl & Associates and Investigations.com. Founded in 1985, Beau Dietl & Associates has grown to become one of the premier investigative and security firms in the nation and is a full service organization providing a wide variety of investigative and security services to corporate and individual clients worldwide. In 2010, Mr. Dietl formed Beau Dietl Consulting Services (BDCS), which recruits temporary and permanent placements in the IT, finance, and business verticals for global leaders and Fortune 500 companies with clients such as JP Morgan Chase, Citibank, and Ernst & Young. Mr. Dietl has also been active in the entertainment industry, as a frequent guest on Fox News, and with parts in over 20 movies and television series. Joseph Bianco, the CEO of Digipath, commented, "Bo Dietl is one of the most respected and connected figures in New York City and across the U.S. His passion for justice and law enforcement is legendary, and he is a supporter of cannabis legalization efforts in the U.S. Bringing him aboard Digipath as a consultant will provide great visibility to our company." About Digipath, Inc. Digipath, Inc. is an independent cannabis testing and media firm that supports the cannabis industry's best practices for reliable testing and delivers cannabis news coverage and education about the cannabis industry. Digipath's two business units are Digipath Labs and TNM News Corp. Digipath Labs™ is working to set the industry standard for testing all forms of cannabis-based products using FDA-compliant laboratory equipment and proprietary standard operating procedures (SOP) to ensure product safety and efficacy. TNM News Corp. has pioneered a cannabis-focused news network, The National Marijuana News, which delivers news, interviews, and education on all things cannabis. For more information please visit http://www.Digipath.com/ Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events, and future financial and operating performance. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: the Company's need for additional funding, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, the demand for the Company's products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Digipath, please refer to the Company's recent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Harrison Phillips Viridian Capital Advisors, LLC (212) 209-3086 hphillips@viridianca.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/digipath-hires-renowned-ex-nypd-detective-richard-bo-dietl-as-consultant-300425965.html SOURCE DigiPath, Inc. Related Links http://www.digipath.com Mar 22, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Digipath to Present at Viridian Cannabis Investment Summit in New York City Feb 28, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: Digipath Appoints Dr. Alfredo Axtmayer to Board of Directors My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 22, 2017, 09:00 ETDigipath to Present at Viridian Cannabis Investment Summit in New... Feb 28, 2017, 09:00 ETDigipath Appoints Dr. Alfredo Axtmayer to Board of Directors Explore More news releases in similar topics OTC, SmallCap Health Care & Hospitals Supplementary Medicine Personnel Announcements You just read: Digipath Hires Renowned Ex-NYPD Detective, Richard "Bo" Dietl, as Consultant News provided by DigiPath, Inc. Mar 20, 2017, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Thomas Pergola Joins Sterling National Bank’s Commercial Banking Team MONTEBELLO, NY–(Marketwired – March 20, 2017) – Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp (NYSE: STL), announced today that Thomas Pergola has joined its Commercial Banking team as Senior Vice President and Managing Director. He will report to Ray Guanlao, Senior Manager Director and Team Leader at Sterling. Pergola will aid in managing team sales and service efforts to grow and retain Sterling’s valued client relationships. He will maintain a portfolio of relationships with target segments that lead to loans, deposits and other revenue generating products and services. Pergola has extensive experience in client management, real estate financing and commercial lending. He most recently was Senior Vice President of BankUnited, where he specialized in managing a portfolio of real estate clients and high quality loan assets. Prior to joining BankUnited, he was Senior Vice President of JPMorgan Chase Bank, where he oversaw investment real estate transactions for the Northeast middle market. „We are excited to welcome Thomas to the Sterling family. He brings unparalleled experience in growing client relationships and supporting new business initiatives,” said David S. Bagatelle, Executive Vice President and President-New York Metro Market at Sterling. „As a seasoned banking executive, he brings financing acumen that will exceptionally benefit client offerings and support the growth of the bank.” Pergola graduated from Rider University with a bachelor’s in Business Administration. About Sterling National Bank Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp, specializes in the delivery of service and solutions to business owners, their families, and consumers in communities within the greater New York City area through teams of dedicated and experienced relationship managers. Sterling National Bank offers a complete line of commercial, business, and consumer banking products and services. For more information, visit www.snb.com. Forward-Looking Statements This release may contain „forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may concern Sterling’s current expectations about its future results, plans, operations and prospects and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including inflation; the effects of, and changes in, trade; changes in asset quality and credit risk; introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; capital management activities; customer disintermediation; and the success of Sterling at managing these risks. Other factors that could cause Sterling’s actual results to differ from those indicated in forward-looking statements are included in the „Risk Factors” section of Sterling’s securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date hereof, and Sterling specifically disclaims any obligation to update these statements in the future. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/17/11G133415/Images/Thomas-Pergola_4160C-Print-c6a6c5277c419590bb33c5fa4557e47b.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Markets, private, section, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious M Split Corp. Monthly Dividend Declared for Class I Preferred Shares Next PostNext Silver Range Stakes Two Large, High Grade Gold Targets in Nunavut Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Thomas Pergola Joins Sterling National Bank’s Commercial Banking Team MONTEBELLO, NY–(Marketwired – March 20, 2017) – Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp (NYSE: STL), announced today that Thomas Pergola has joined its Commercial Banking team as Senior Vice President and Managing Director. He will report to Ray Guanlao, Senior Manager Director and Team Leader at Sterling. Pergola will aid in managing team sales and service efforts to grow and retain Sterling’s valued client relationships. He will maintain a portfolio of relationships with target segments that lead to loans, deposits and other revenue generating products and services. Pergola has extensive experience in client management, real estate financing and commercial lending. He most recently was Senior Vice President of BankUnited, where he specialized in managing a portfolio of real estate clients and high quality loan assets. Prior to joining BankUnited, he was Senior Vice President of JPMorgan Chase Bank, where he oversaw investment real estate transactions for the Northeast middle market. „We are excited to welcome Thomas to the Sterling family. He brings unparalleled experience in growing client relationships and supporting new business initiatives,” said David S. Bagatelle, Executive Vice President and President-New York Metro Market at Sterling. „As a seasoned banking executive, he brings financing acumen that will exceptionally benefit client offerings and support the growth of the bank.” Pergola graduated from Rider University with a bachelor’s in Business Administration. About Sterling National Bank Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp, specializes in the delivery of service and solutions to business owners, their families, and consumers in communities within the greater New York City area through teams of dedicated and experienced relationship managers. Sterling National Bank offers a complete line of commercial, business, and consumer banking products and services. For more information, visit www.snb.com. Forward-Looking Statements This release may contain „forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may concern Sterling’s current expectations about its future results, plans, operations and prospects and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including inflation; the effects of, and changes in, trade; changes in asset quality and credit risk; introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; capital management activities; customer disintermediation; and the success of Sterling at managing these risks. Other factors that could cause Sterling’s actual results to differ from those indicated in forward-looking statements are included in the „Risk Factors” section of Sterling’s securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date hereof, and Sterling specifically disclaims any obligation to update these statements in the future. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/17/11G133415/Images/Thomas-Pergola_4160C-Print-c6a6c5277c419590bb33c5fa4557e47b.jpg CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Markets, private, section, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious M Split Corp. Monthly Dividend Declared for Class I Preferred Shares Next PostNext Silver Range Stakes Two Large, High Grade Gold Targets in Nunavut Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Orbital Insight Expands U.S. Retail Traffic Product to More Than 100 Retailers LAS VEGAS, NV–(Marketwired – Mar 20, 2017) – Shoptalk — Orbital Insight, a geospatial analytics and software company, today announced the expansion of its U.S. Retail Traffic product to cover more than 100 U.S.-based retailers. The company uses artificial intelligence to analyze satellite imagery of store parking lots and count the number of cars at each store location. By counting the number of cars in the parking lots of each U.S. location for a particular chain, Orbital Insight can estimate the retailer’s sales numbers before official statistics are released. For instance, Orbital Insight found that J.C. Penney car counts were down 5 percent year-over-year in Q4 of 2016, which mirrors in-store sales during the same period, which were down 0.7 percent. Another example is the company’s analysis of Lowe’s. Since March 2014, Orbital Insight has seen Lowe’s car counts per lot increase by over 10 percent, which, coupled with an increase in store locations over the same period and boosted investor sentiment, correlates with the 66 percent stock price appreciation during that time. The company launched the U.S. Retail Traffic product in 2014 with 20 publicly-traded retailers and has continued adding new store brands since. Now, Orbital Insight officially monitors the parking lots of more than 200,000 individual store locations for more than 100 different chains across all industries, including food, automotive and retail. Companies now monitored include the Cheesecake Factory (CAKE), Chuck E. Cheese (CEC), Gap (GPS), Office Depot (ODP), O’Reilly Auto Parts (ORLY), and The Container Store (TCS), among others. The datasets have proven valuable to customers, having been utilized in reports by analysts from companies like JPMorgan Chase. A report by JPMorgan Chase analyst Rod Hall cited that, contrary to expectations, post-election retail store traffic showed year-over-year declines. „This is a significant milestone for Orbital Insight, but we have no intention of stopping here,” says Dr. James Crawford, CEO and founder of Orbital Insight. „In our quest to increase global transparency for everyone, our next step is to add international coverage for large retailers in the U.K. and Canada, while we continue to expand our current product in the U.S.” As more imagery becomes available from the company’s satellite partners, including DigitalGlobe, MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates, and Airbus, Orbital Insight plans to continue to expand its traffic monitoring capabilities to other types of retailers as well, including hotel chains and mall retailers. About Orbital Insight Orbital Insight works at the intersection of big data and the commercialization of space to understand and measure socio-economic trends at scale. As the first mover in large-scale analysis of satellite and UAV imagery, Orbital Insight focuses on the financial, government, energy, and insurance sectors to provide a quantified and objective big-picture understanding of the world. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Companies, company, Food and Beverage, Industry, intelligence, post, satellite, Space, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TDb Split Corp. Regular Monthly Dividend Declaration for Class A & Preferred Share Next PostNext North American Financial 15 Split Corp.: Regular Monthly Dividend Declaration for Class A & Preferred Share Search Recent Posts Invictus MD’s AB Laboratories Inc. Provides Cultivation Update under ACMPR Schools Nationwide Prepare to Celebrate 5th Annual Every Kid Healthy Week Wecast Network Names Both New CFO and CTO Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets China’s Pharmaceutical Industry – Porter’s Five Forces Strategy Analysis 2017 – Research and Markets Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TWTR Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More FireEye (FEYE) surges 7% on Goldman Sachs upgrade >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why I Sold Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock (And You Should, Too) Apple is so large that it's simply too tough to get much larger -- one of many potential difficulties for AAPL stock By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 20, 2017, 8:46 am EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Popular Posts: Why I Sold Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock (And You Should, Too) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is a Darling. Now Sell It Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Stock Is a Zombie You Need to Avoid Recent Posts: Bank of America: BAC Stock Is a SAFETY Play? Buy First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Stock If You Have Money to Lose Why Vale SA (ADR) (VALE) Stock Is Still a HUGE Risk View All Posts One thing Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) bulls fail to appreciate is just how big it has become, and thus how difficult it is for the stock to move. Since I discussed AAPL stock in February, it has advanced about $5 to its current level of $140 per share. This small gain has created $26 billion of market cap, because Apple has 5.25 billion shares outstanding. Apple’s valuation of $730 billion is almost $100 billion greater than last year’s GDP for Saudi Arabia. Its market cap gain since Jan. 1 — $124 billion — is more than the total market cap of MasterCard Inc (NYSE:MA). Apple is now worth more than Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) combined. Yet analysts are still pounding the table for Apple, urging you to get into Apple stock. That’s even though a price of $200 per share, predicted by our Will Ashworth, will take its market cap well over $1 trillion — an almost unimaginable figure. AAPL stock has a difficult path to any significant gains now. That’s why I just sold some of my position. Why You Should Be Twitchy Apple’s size has made some InvestorPlace writers antsy about the stock. Ryan Fuhrmann says AAPL stock “is going to frustrate you” and worries that so much of its $78 billion in sales last quarter still came from hardware. The stock has been bid up in anticipation of the iPhone 8 launch, which means investors may have a painful wait for gains. Hillary Kramer notes that even a reboot of the iPad won’t move the needle much on Apple sales, so big has the iPhone become. Apple’s size makes any move it might make to break out of its iPhone dependence, say by going into the movie business, look small. Viacom, Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAB) and its Paramount movie studio, plus its cable networks, would cost mere seat cushion money at a market cap of $17 billion. If Apple CEO Tim Cook decides he doesn’t like what’s on Fox News, he can buy Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (NASDAQ:FOXA) for cash, right now, and the $56 billion market cap would barely make a dent in Apple’s $250 billion cash hoard. It would also be less than one year of operating cash flow. Apple’s giant “spaceship” campus, onto which 12,000 employees are moving, starting next month, may only seem outsize in comparison. Oceans Rise, Empires Fall With Apple selling for just 16 times earnings — that’s less than the general market — Apple bears can still find reasons to be worried. For instance, former Vice President Al Gore — an Apple director — recently sold $37 million worth of shares. Meanwhile, even bullish AAPL analysts imagine a price of $150 per share for the stock, which would be just a 10% gain from where it is now. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/why-i-sold-apple-inc-aapl-stock-and-you-should-too/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Low-Risk Healthcare Picks 5 Blue Chips That Will Get the Selloff's Worst 3 Energy ETFs to Play the Crash in Crude Oil 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC Sears Holdings Admits It’s a Giant Tire Fire Apple's iPad Strategy Is Sneakier Than You Think ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) The 5 Best ETFs to Buy If You Want to Own Bank Stocks 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy in a Bull Market Why the Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Comeback Is Just Beginning Most Popular 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) Trade of the Day: Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (ABX) Stock Is Shining 10 Clobbered Stocks to Buy That Are About to Get Red-Hot Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: March 24, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Editas Medicine Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Earns Buy Rating from Cowen and Company March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cowen and Company restated their buy rating on shares of Editas Medicine Inc (NASDAQ:EDIT) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. “Today Editas partnered its ophthalmology CRISPR programs with Allergan for $90MM.”,” the firm’s analyst wrote. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on EDIT. Jefferies Group LLC set a $35.00 price target on shares of Editas Medicine and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a hold rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research note on Sunday, February 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Editas Medicine from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating, two have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Editas Medicine presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $27.79. Shares of Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) opened at 22.30 on Wednesday. Editas Medicine has a 52-week low of $12.43 and a 52-week high of $43.50. The firm’s market capitalization is $799.23 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $21.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $17.26. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, March 3rd. The company reported ($1.10) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.62) by $0.48. Editas Medicine had a negative return on equity of 59.22% and a negative net margin of 1,184.46%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted ($4.05) EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Editas Medicine will post ($2.85) EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: In other Editas Medicine news, COO Alexandra Glucksmann sold 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.41, for a total transaction of $26,410.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 118,788 shares in the company, valued at $3,137,191.08. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CFO Andrew A. F. Hack sold 15,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.20, for a total transaction of $288,000.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 15,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $288,000. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 25,000 shares of company stock valued at $495,490. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in EDIT. PARK CIRCLE Co acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth approximately $135,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth approximately $284,000. Hamilton Lane Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth approximately $260,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth approximately $299,000. Finally, A.R.T. Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth approximately $417,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 60.89% of the company’s stock. Editas Medicine Company Profile Editas Medicine, Inc, formerly Gengine, Inc, is a genome editing company. The Company is engaged in treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing genes. It operates through developing and commercializing genome editing technology segment. It is developing a genome editing platform based on clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR)/CRISPR associated protein 9 (Cas9) technology. Receive News & Ratings for Editas Medicine Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Yext Gears Up for IPO By Chris Lange March 20, 2017 9:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet As 2017 continues with the markets holding near their all-time highs, more and more companies are filing for initial public offerings (IPOs). Even though the biggest IPO of the year thus far, Snap Inc. (NASDAQ: SNAP), has fallen flat, this has not deterred other companies from trying to make some money in the market. Yext has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its IPO. No pricing details were mentioned in the filing, but the offering is valued up to $100 million, although this number is usually just a placeholder. The company plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol YEXT. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, RBC Capital Markets, Pacific Crest Securities and Piper Jaffray. This company is a knowledge engine. Its platform lets businesses manage their digital knowledge in the cloud and sync it to over 100 services, including Apple Maps, Bing, Cortana, Facebook, Google, Google Maps, Instagram, Siri and Yelp. Digital knowledge is the structured information that a business wants to make publicly accessible. For example, in food service, the address, phone number or menu details of a restaurant; in health care, the health insurances accepted by a physician or the precise drop-off point of the emergency room at a hospital campus; or in finance, the ATM locations, retail bank holiday hours or insurance agent biographies. Intelligent search, which are searches of digital knowledge that combine context and intent, has grown significantly in recent years. Yext’s solution drives commerce by providing real-time digital knowledge that allows consumers to find the businesses and service providers that are most relevant to them. Yext described its finances in the filing as follows: For our fiscal years ended January 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $60.0 million and $89.7 million, respectively, our net loss was $17.3 million and $26.5 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss1 was $14.4 million and $22.0 million, respectively. For the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $64.0 million and $88.6 million and our net loss was $18.2 million and $28.6 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss was $15.2 million and $22.3 million, respectively. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate expenses. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: AMD, FireEye, Netflix, Shake Shack, Snap, Workday and Many More The 13 Cities Getting 5G » Read more: Technology, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Baidu and Tencent Just Invested in this Electric Vehicle Maker Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Orbital Insight March 20, 2017 09:00 ET Orbital Insight Expands U.S. Retail Traffic Product to More Than 100 Retailers Geospatial analytics startup now analyzing over 200,000 store parking lots LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Mar 20, 2017) - Shoptalk -- Orbital Insight, a geospatial analytics and software company, today announced the expansion of its U.S. Retail Traffic product to cover more than 100 U.S.-based retailers. The company uses artificial intelligence to analyze satellite imagery of store parking lots and count the number of cars at each store location. By counting the number of cars in the parking lots of each U.S. location for a particular chain, Orbital Insight can estimate the retailer's sales numbers before official statistics are released. For instance, Orbital Insight found that J.C. Penney car counts were down 5 percent year-over-year in Q4 of 2016, which mirrors in-store sales during the same period, which were down 0.7 percent. Another example is the company's analysis of Lowe's. Since March 2014, Orbital Insight has seen Lowe's car counts per lot increase by over 10 percent, which, coupled with an increase in store locations over the same period and boosted investor sentiment, correlates with the 66 percent stock price appreciation during that time. The company launched the U.S. Retail Traffic product in 2014 with 20 publicly-traded retailers and has continued adding new store brands since. Now, Orbital Insight officially monitors the parking lots of more than 200,000 individual store locations for more than 100 different chains across all industries, including food, automotive and retail. Companies now monitored include the Cheesecake Factory (CAKE), Chuck E. Cheese (CEC), Gap (GPS), Office Depot (ODP), O'Reilly Auto Parts (ORLY), and The Container Store (TCS), among others. The datasets have proven valuable to customers, having been utilized in reports by analysts from companies like JPMorgan Chase. A report by JPMorgan Chase analyst Rod Hall cited that, contrary to expectations, post-election retail store traffic showed year-over-year declines. "This is a significant milestone for Orbital Insight, but we have no intention of stopping here," says Dr. James Crawford, CEO and founder of Orbital Insight. "In our quest to increase global transparency for everyone, our next step is to add international coverage for large retailers in the U.K. and Canada, while we continue to expand our current product in the U.S." As more imagery becomes available from the company's satellite partners, including DigitalGlobe, MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates, and Airbus, Orbital Insight plans to continue to expand its traffic monitoring capabilities to other types of retailers as well, including hotel chains and mall retailers. About Orbital Insight Orbital Insight works at the intersection of big data and the commercialization of space to understand and measure socio-economic trends at scale. As the first mover in large-scale analysis of satellite and UAV imagery, Orbital Insight focuses on the financial, government, energy, and insurance sectors to provide a quantified and objective big-picture understanding of the world. Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Orbital Insight From this industry Aerospace and Defense Computers and Software Professional Services From this sub-industry Space Big Data Software Accounting, Audit and Tax Consulting Engineering Other Professional Services See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Orbital Insight   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Orbital Insight March 20, 2017 09:00 ET Orbital Insight Expands U.S. Retail Traffic Product to More Than 100 Retailers Geospatial analytics startup now analyzing over 200,000 store parking lots LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Mar 20, 2017) - Shoptalk -- Orbital Insight, a geospatial analytics and software company, today announced the expansion of its U.S. Retail Traffic product to cover more than 100 U.S.-based retailers. The company uses artificial intelligence to analyze satellite imagery of store parking lots and count the number of cars at each store location. By counting the number of cars in the parking lots of each U.S. location for a particular chain, Orbital Insight can estimate the retailer's sales numbers before official statistics are released. For instance, Orbital Insight found that J.C. Penney car counts were down 5 percent year-over-year in Q4 of 2016, which mirrors in-store sales during the same period, which were down 0.7 percent. Another example is the company's analysis of Lowe's. Since March 2014, Orbital Insight has seen Lowe's car counts per lot increase by over 10 percent, which, coupled with an increase in store locations over the same period and boosted investor sentiment, correlates with the 66 percent stock price appreciation during that time. The company launched the U.S. Retail Traffic product in 2014 with 20 publicly-traded retailers and has continued adding new store brands since. Now, Orbital Insight officially monitors the parking lots of more than 200,000 individual store locations for more than 100 different chains across all industries, including food, automotive and retail. Companies now monitored include the Cheesecake Factory (CAKE), Chuck E. Cheese (CEC), Gap (GPS), Office Depot (ODP), O'Reilly Auto Parts (ORLY), and The Container Store (TCS), among others. The datasets have proven valuable to customers, having been utilized in reports by analysts from companies like JPMorgan Chase. A report by JPMorgan Chase analyst Rod Hall cited that, contrary to expectations, post-election retail store traffic showed year-over-year declines. "This is a significant milestone for Orbital Insight, but we have no intention of stopping here," says Dr. James Crawford, CEO and founder of Orbital Insight. "In our quest to increase global transparency for everyone, our next step is to add international coverage for large retailers in the U.K. and Canada, while we continue to expand our current product in the U.S." As more imagery becomes available from the company's satellite partners, including DigitalGlobe, MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates, and Airbus, Orbital Insight plans to continue to expand its traffic monitoring capabilities to other types of retailers as well, including hotel chains and mall retailers. About Orbital Insight Orbital Insight works at the intersection of big data and the commercialization of space to understand and measure socio-economic trends at scale. As the first mover in large-scale analysis of satellite and UAV imagery, Orbital Insight focuses on the financial, government, energy, and insurance sectors to provide a quantified and objective big-picture understanding of the world. Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Orbital Insight From this industry Aerospace and Defense Computers and Software Professional Services From this sub-industry Space Big Data Software Accounting, Audit and Tax Consulting Engineering Other Professional Services See all RSS Newsfeeds   Highlighted Links Orbital Insight   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Sterling National Bank March 20, 2017 09:00 ET Thomas Pergola Joins Sterling National Bank's Commercial Banking Team Thomas Pergola to grow bank's relationships and extend service offerings MONTEBELLO, NY--(Marketwired - March 20, 2017) - Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp (NYSE: STL), announced today that Thomas Pergola has joined its Commercial Banking team as Senior Vice President and Managing Director. He will report to Ray Guanlao, Senior Manager Director and Team Leader at Sterling. Pergola will aid in managing team sales and service efforts to grow and retain Sterling's valued client relationships. He will maintain a portfolio of relationships with target segments that lead to loans, deposits and other revenue generating products and services. Pergola has extensive experience in client management, real estate financing and commercial lending. He most recently was Senior Vice President of BankUnited, where he specialized in managing a portfolio of real estate clients and high quality loan assets. Prior to joining BankUnited, he was Senior Vice President of JPMorgan Chase Bank, where he oversaw investment real estate transactions for the Northeast middle market. "We are excited to welcome Thomas to the Sterling family. He brings unparalleled experience in growing client relationships and supporting new business initiatives," said David S. Bagatelle, Executive Vice President and President-New York Metro Market at Sterling. "As a seasoned banking executive, he brings financing acumen that will exceptionally benefit client offerings and support the growth of the bank." Pergola graduated from Rider University with a bachelor's in Business Administration. About Sterling National Bank Sterling National Bank, the principal subsidiary of Sterling Bancorp, specializes in the delivery of service and solutions to business owners, their families, and consumers in communities within the greater New York City area through teams of dedicated and experienced relationship managers. Sterling National Bank offers a complete line of commercial, business, and consumer banking products and services. For more information, visit www.snb.com. Forward-Looking Statements This release may contain "forward-looking statements" as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may concern Sterling's current expectations about its future results, plans, operations and prospects and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, including inflation; the effects of, and changes in, trade; changes in asset quality and credit risk; introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; capital management activities; customer disintermediation; and the success of Sterling at managing these risks. Other factors that could cause Sterling's actual results to differ from those indicated in forward-looking statements are included in the "Risk Factors" section of Sterling's securities filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements included herein are only made as of the date hereof, and Sterling specifically disclaims any obligation to update these statements in the future. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/17/11G133415/Images/Thomas-Pergola_4160C-Print-c6a6c5277c419590bb33c5fa4557e47b.jpg Contact Information STERLING NATIONAL BANK: Linda Dunbar FVP, Director of Corporate Communications 845.369.8085 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Sterling National Bank From this industry Financial Services Professional Services From this sub-industry Commercial and Investment Banking Personal Finance Retail Banking Accounting, Audit and Tax Investor Relations See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Thomas Pergola, Sterling National Bank View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing ArcelorMittal SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) ArcelorMittal SA (MT) Receives $6.59 Average Price Target from Analysts Posted by William Strong on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) have earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the eighteen brokerages that are presently covering the firm. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation, ten have issued a buy recommendation and one has given a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month price target among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $6.59. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of ArcelorMittal SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $8.50 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. Commerzbank Ag raised shares of ArcelorMittal SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $10.50 price target on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating on shares of ArcelorMittal SA in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Your IP Address: Shares of ArcelorMittal SA (NYSE:MT) opened at 9.03 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $27.62 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.56 and a beta of 2.06. The company’s 50-day moving average is $8.63 and its 200-day moving average is $7.40. ArcelorMittal SA has a 1-year low of $3.88 and a 1-year high of $9.37. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Tide Point Capital Management LP raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 85.1% in the fourth quarter. Tide Point Capital Management LP now owns 8,330,860 shares of the company’s stock valued at $60,815,000 after buying an additional 3,830,860 shares during the period. Two Sigma Investments LP raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 11,710.2% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 2,992,587 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,846,000 after buying an additional 2,967,248 shares during the period. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 735.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,870,010 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,951,000 after buying an additional 2,526,400 shares during the period. Jane Street Group LLC raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 2,925.5% in the third quarter. Jane Street Group LLC now owns 2,492,979 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,058,000 after buying an additional 2,410,579 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of ArcelorMittal SA by 73.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,607,239 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,868,000 after buying an additional 2,368,359 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.46% of the company’s stock. About ArcelorMittal SA ArcelorMittal SA is a Luxembourg- based holding company. It is an integrated steel and mining company. It operates through five segments: NAFTA; Europe; Brazil; Africa and Commonwealth of Independent States (ACIS) and Mining. The NAFTA segment produces flat, long and tubular products. The Brazil segment includes the flat operations of Brazil, and the long and tubular operations of Brazil and neighboring countries. Receive News & Ratings for ArcelorMittal SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ArcelorMittal SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Receives $37.67 Consensus PT from Brokerages Next » Bill Barrett Co. (BBG) Receives $8.60 Average PT from Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Receives $224.15 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) has received an average rating of “Hold” from the twenty-nine research firms that are presently covering the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, eleven have assigned a hold recommendation and fourteen have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $223.04. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Vetr upgraded shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $236.72 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Berenberg Bank downgraded shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and raised their target price for the company from $140.00 to $190.00 in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Compass Point assumed coverage on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 target price for the company. Finally, Macquarie restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) opened at 243.94 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $101.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.98 and a beta of 1.50. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $245.50 and a 200 day moving average price of $212.23. Goldman Sachs Group has a 1-year low of $138.20 and a 1-year high of $255.15. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, January 18th. The investment management company reported $5.08 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.82 by $0.26. The company earned $8.17 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.80 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a net margin of 24.17% and a return on equity of 9.78%. Goldman Sachs Group’s revenue was up 12.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $4.68 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.17 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be issued a $0.65 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.07%. Goldman Sachs Group’s payout ratio is 15.89%. In other Goldman Sachs Group news, Vice Chairman Pablo J. Salame sold 16,185 shares of Goldman Sachs Group stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $240.19, for a total value of $3,887,475.15. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 146,133 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $35,099,685.27. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Harvey M. Schwartz sold 25,000 shares of Goldman Sachs Group stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total transaction of $5,849,750.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 251,256 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $58,791,391.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 128,590 shares of company stock valued at $30,926,594 in the last ninety days. 2.61% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. GLG Partners LP boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 15.4% in the second quarter. GLG Partners LP now owns 15,000 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $2,229,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares during the last quarter. Mirador Capital Partners LP boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 47.1% in the second quarter. Mirador Capital Partners LP now owns 2,425 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $384,000 after buying an additional 776 shares during the last quarter. Bluefin Trading LLC purchased a new position in Goldman Sachs Group during the second quarter worth $2,288,000. Legal & General Group Plc boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 0.7% in the second quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 1,866,405 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $277,270,000 after buying an additional 13,767 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Amalgamated Bank boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 19.6% in the second quarter. Amalgamated Bank now owns 18,176 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $2,978,000 after buying an additional 2,984 shares during the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Your IP Address: About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is a bank holding company and a financial holding company. The Company operates through four segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. The Company’s Investment Banking segment provides financial advisory services, which include advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, spin-offs and risk management. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Bill Barrett Co. (BBG) Receives $8.60 Average PT from Analysts Next » Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Microsoft (MSFT) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Miami Beach March 20, 2017 9:01 AM They took a bank for $10 million. Weapon of choice: luxury homes. Sunset Harbour South in 2007 Miami Herald File i By David J. Neal dneal@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Two Miami-Dade mortgage fraudsters pleaded guilty in federal court last week to being part of a swindle that cost a bank $10 million and stressed two South Florida condominiums as the 2007-08 recession hit. Miami Lakes’ Michelle Cabrera, 48, and Hialeah’s Pedro Melian, 39, each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud affecting a financial institution. That’s a maximum 30-year sentence. The others accused of being in cahoots with Cabrera and Melian, Sunny Isles Beach’s Marco Laureti and Miami Beach’s Felix Mostelac, have been indicted on conspiracy to commit wire fraud and multiple counts of wire fraud. Each awaits trial. According to court documents, Cabrera admitted to using six properties in the fraud — four at 45 Hendricks Isle in Fort Lauderdale, the Tower Suite 2/3 in Miami Beach’s Sunset Harbour South and a house at 205 E. San Marino Dr. The bank was Washington Mutual, which went under in the 2008 economic collapse and got swallowed by JP Morgan Chase. As Melian and Cabrera’s statements admit, the scheme started with fraudulent loan applications. Each application contained at least one lie. Washington Mutual approved the loans and sent the loan proceeds to Cabrera’s company, Florida Title. Part of that money would be used for the cash down payment on the real estate. The rest was taken by the quartet, according to court documents. For example, when using the Sunset Harbour unit, Cabrera’s statement says they told Washington Mutual that Mostelac would be putting up over $2.3 million “cash from borrower” out of his pocket. Washington Mutual wired the rest of the sale price, $4.27 million. Out of that, the group paid the $2.3 million down payment and walked off with the $1.9 million. Melian used his mother as the fake buyer on a 45 Hendricks Isle penthouse, which Broward County records show sold to Melian’s mother for $3.8 million in 2010. JP Morgan Chase foreclosed on the property and sold it to the Hendricks Isle IG for $900,000 in 2010. After the sale scam, no loan payments were made nor, in the case of the condos, maintenance paid. The buildings’ residents found themselves facing assessments or raised maintenance bills, especially in the 2007-09 shower of foreclosures. The maintenance on the Sunset Harbour tower suite apartment, for example, approached $6,000, more than triple the maintenance for the building’s four bedroom-four bathroom apartments. On the San Marino Drive house, Cabrera’s statement describes adding a layer to the scheme. She says she and Laureti, the listed buyer according to Miami-Dade property records, got just over $5.2 million of the $6.9 million selling price as a loan from Washington Mutual, then stated Laureti would be making a nearly $1.7 million cash down payment. Then, Cabrera claims she wired $1.2 million to Lauerti’s company that he used to pay the downpayment. This was called “real estate commission” on the HUD-1 Settlement Statement to Washington Mutual — a 17 percent commission when 2 to 4 percent is average with the buyer getting a sales commission. David J. Neal: 305-376-3559, @DavidJNeal Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Miami Beach Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:20 Guerrilla artist: A Colombian rebel and painter emerges from the jungle Pause 0:42 An off-duty cop went unconscious in a drive-thru. He jumped though the window to help. 2:17 Spoonbills indicator for health of Florida Bay 0:51 Researchers tag and release Weimar, a mature male tiger shark 1:44 Gorsuch is an Originalist. What’s That? 2:29 Miami Heat's Whiteside talks about hand injury 2:42 Miami Dolphins coach Adam Gase meets the press at combine 1:06 FHP trooper critically hurt in Dolphin Expressway accident 1:42 Biden rallies Democrats on anniversary of Affordable Care Act 0:50 Manhunt for suspect closes Hialeah streets Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 9 days ago These thieves case a Collins Ave Condo, then steal $11k motorcycle 0:45 9 days ago These thieves case a Collins Ave Condo, then steal $11k motorcycle 0:32 25 days ago Miami Beach police investigating after reports of swastikas on cars 2:53 25 days ago Chef Jose Andres' speech about being an immigrant View more video Miami Beach Miami Beach awards $47 million in contracts to finish anti-flooding work in South Beach Miami Beach police investigating two officers photographed sleeping on the job They asked him for directions. He says his help cost him $160,000 in jewelry Students came to South Beach to party. Then they cleaned up after themselves. They took a bank for $10 million. Weapon of choice: luxury homes. Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Personal Finance A Six-Figure Income May Not Shield You From a Shock Monthly income and spending bounce around more than many people realize—or prepare for. by Suzanne Woolley @WealthWatch More stories by Suzanne Woolley March 20, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT Is Your 401(k) Safe During Volatile Markets? Here's a question, as Congress thrashes out the health-care bill: How well prepared are you for a sudden spike in expenses from a medical emergency? Or, for that matter, for a lost job or surprise tax bill? When your cash flow is strong, it's easy to skate along without paying much attention to how your monthly income and spending bounce around. As long as the checking account looks good, you're good—until you're not, because an unexpected expense or drop in income, perhaps at the same time, makes what seemed a perfectly fine cash cushion look alarmingly thin.  It happens to all of us, even those making six-figure incomes, according to a new report from the JPMorgan Chase Institute, a think tank the bank launched in 2015 to do deep-dive economic analysis drawing on its proprietary customer transaction database.  The database shows about a 30 percent median fluctuation in levels of both family income and spending from month to month across income brackets. That determined the amount of cash a household would need to weather typical swings in income and spending. The greatest amount turned out to be a $5,300 monthly variation, for households of people between the ages of 35 and 54 with household income above $104,600. The $5,300 is the cash that household would need to have on hand if its income declined by 30 percent and its spending increased by 30 percent in the same month. Most of the volatility in take-home pay (86 percent) is tied to fluctuation in paycheck amounts and how many paychecks come in a month—anyone paid weekly or biweekly on Fridays gets an extra paycheck in some months of the year. The other 14 percent is tied to job loss. Health care, auto expenses, and taxes were often behind the spikes the analysts found in spending data. The report notes that "four in 10 families make an extraordinary payment of roughly $1,500 related to medical services, auto repair, or taxes in a given year." The money for that may come from tax refunds: The think tank found that April is when medical bills were paid most frequently. To judge whether the various households had the liquid assets to cover their fluctuations, the think tank used data from the U.S. census (which don't match up perfectly with its own age and income ranges). One conclusion: The $5,300 wouldn't be a big issue for the households with income above $104,600. The institute also measured for an even worse storm, to see if households had liquid assets to meet the challenges posed by the 90 percentile of  "adverse income and spending fluctuations" measured. The high-earning households could meet that demand, too, but they'd be covering that extreme exposure by a thin margin. The cash cushion needed was $13,800; the liquid assets on hand, $13,500. That $13,800 is what a relatively well-heeled Chase client would need if he or she got hit with a double whammy in one month, with income going down as expenses rise. The institute measured that after finding that within a given month, there was very little correlation between income and spending. So the chances of income going down while spending went up became part of the "stress test" the institute ran on household finances. "A big gap exists between the volatility almost all Americans are exposed to across four of five income quintiles in our database and the liquid financial buffer they have," said Diana Farrell, the institute's president.  Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up The picture isn't as grim for everyday volatility, but many consumers barely have enough to make it through those less-severe swings in their finances. In a test of the higher end of volatility that the think tank sees in Chase's consumer database, the median household had to come up with $4,800 but had only $3,000 in liquid assets. At the more typical level of volatility, a household of people between 45 and 54 needed $3,200.  Paying big medical bills had a lasting impact on financial stability. Many families have to turn to credit card debt to cover big medical payments. "A year after the extraordinary medical payment families still have 9 percent more revolving credit card debt and 2 percent lower cash reserves than baseline levels," according to the report. That shows how intertwined physical health can be with financial health and the stark trade-offs many American families face today. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next You Can’t Retire on the Trump Bump A Japanese Fix for American Savings: 1.25 Percent Interest How Behavioral Economics Can Help You Retire Rich Test Your Tax IQ With This Pop Quiz Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Receives GBX 3,413.61 Consensus PT from Analysts March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) have earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the twenty-one analysts that are currently covering the firm. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is GBX 3,424.17 ($41.87). Several equities research analysts have weighed in on RIO shares. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 3,700 ($45.24) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a report on Sunday, November 20th. Societe Generale set a GBX 2,900 ($35.46) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, November 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 3,200 ($39.12) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,300 ($40.35) target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a report on Friday, November 25th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG increased their target price on shares of Rio Tinto plc from GBX 3,500 ($42.79) to GBX 3,700 ($45.24) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, November 25th. Your IP Address: Shares of Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) opened at 3439.50 on Wednesday. Rio Tinto plc has a one year low of GBX 1,845.00 and a one year high of GBX 3,718.50. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 3,441.55 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 3,019.93. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 61.88 billion. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 6th. Investors of record on Thursday, February 23rd will be given a GBX 100.56 ($1.23) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a yield of 2.98%. This is an increase from Rio Tinto plc’s previous dividend of $33.80. In related news, insider Jean-Sébastien Jacques sold 3,325 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,618 ($44.24), for a total value of £120,298.50 ($147,082.16). About Rio Tinto plc Rio Tinto plc is a mining company. The Company focuses on finding, mining, processing and marketing the Earth’s mineral resources. The Company’s segments include aluminum, copper and coal, diamonds and minerals, and iron ore. The Company’s aluminum business includes bauxite mines, alumina refineries and aluminum smelters. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Voya Financial Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Voya Financial Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Voya Financial Inc (NYSE:VOYA)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in a report issued on Thursday. They currently have a $51.00 target price on the stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods’ target price suggests a potential upside of 27.69% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research firms have also weighed in on VOYA. Citigroup Inc reissued a “focus list” rating on shares of Voya Financial in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Barclays PLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $41.00 target price on shares of Voya Financial in a report on Sunday, February 19th. Wells Fargo & Co raised shares of Voya Financial from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Voya Financial from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $38.00 to $39.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their target price on shares of Voya Financial from $45.00 to $48.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $42.55. Voya Financial (NYSE:VOYA) opened at 39.94 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is $7.57 billion. Voya Financial has a 12 month low of $22.75 and a 12 month high of $42.96. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $41.17 and its 200-day moving average is $36.27. Voya Financial (NYSE:VOYA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.91 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.79 by $0.12. Voya Financial had a negative net margin of 4.20% and a positive return on equity of 3.39%. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.91 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Voya Financial will post $3.61 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 28th will be given a $0.01 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 24th. This represents a $0.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.10%. Voya Financial’s dividend payout ratio is presently -1.77%. Your IP Address: In related news, insider Alain M. Karaoglan sold 9,246 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.11, for a total value of $380,103.06. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 55,749 shares in the company, valued at $2,291,841.39. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Kevin D. Silva sold 5,798 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.93, for a total value of $237,312.14. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 14,681 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $600,893.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 35,661 shares of company stock valued at $1,471,960. 0.17% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Group LTD increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 1.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 1,463,727 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,184,000 after buying an additional 25,222 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 14.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 7,544,347 shares of the company’s stock worth $217,427,000 after buying an additional 964,646 shares in the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 1.3% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 647,307 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,655,000 after buying an additional 8,070 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 67.2% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 497,250 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,331,000 after buying an additional 199,847 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of Voya Financial by 4.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,150,323 shares of the company’s stock worth $61,972,000 after buying an additional 100,480 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 98.37% of the company’s stock. About Voya Financial Voya Financial, Inc is a retirement, investment and insurance company. The Company operates through five segments: Retirement, Investment Management, Annuities, Individual Life and Employee Benefits. The Retirement segment is a provider of retirement services and products in the United States. The Investment Management segment offers domestic and international fixed income, equity, multi-asset and alternatives products and solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Voya Financial Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Voya Financial Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance STMicroelectronics NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for STMicroelectronics NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CEO Marcus Ryu Sells 8,294 Shares of Stock Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” STMicroelectronics NV (STM) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE:STM)‘s stock had its “sector perform” rating reissued by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a research note issued on Thursday. Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on STM. Morgan Stanley cut STMicroelectronics NV from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded STMicroelectronics NV from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Barclays PLC upgraded STMicroelectronics NV from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded STMicroelectronics NV from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded STMicroelectronics NV from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $13.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $13.00. Shares of STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE:STM) opened at 15.62 on Thursday. STMicroelectronics NV has a 12-month low of $5.11 and a 12-month high of $15.74. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $14.70 and a 200 day moving average price of $10.76. The company has a market capitalization of $13.80 billion, a P/E ratio of 83.53 and a beta of 0.88. STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE:STM) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.13 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.13. The company earned $1.86 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.85 billion. STMicroelectronics NV had a return on equity of 5.37% and a net margin of 2.37%. STMicroelectronics NV’s revenue was up 11.5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that STMicroelectronics NV will post $0.66 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, March 28th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, March 21st will be issued a dividend of $0.06 per share. This represents a $0.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.54%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, March 17th. STMicroelectronics NV’s dividend payout ratio is presently 105.27%. Your IP Address: Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in STMicroelectronics NV by 51.4% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 4,749,798 shares of the company’s stock worth $38,710,000 after buying an additional 1,613,515 shares in the last quarter. Bogle Investment Management L P DE boosted its position in STMicroelectronics NV by 6,679.2% in the fourth quarter. Bogle Investment Management L P DE now owns 1,165,201 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,225,000 after buying an additional 1,148,013 shares in the last quarter. Granite Point Capital Management L.P. acquired a new position in STMicroelectronics NV during the third quarter worth $2,236,000. Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in STMicroelectronics NV by 9.3% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 227,472 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,854,000 after buying an additional 19,418 shares in the last quarter. Finally, US Bancorp DE boosted its position in STMicroelectronics NV by 12,882.7% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 181,239 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,477,000 after buying an additional 179,843 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.07% of the company’s stock. About STMicroelectronics NV Receive News & Ratings for STMicroelectronics NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for STMicroelectronics NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow @triplepundit 47.5k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium Media Kit 7 Trends That Will Drive Corporate Sustainability in 2017 by 3p Contributor on Monday, Mar 20th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Amy Augustine As we confront a new political climate that is inspiring both uncertainty and rising citizen action, I am more convinced than ever that business must play a critical role in achieving a sustainable, equitable and clean-energy future. Bold leadership, as well as individual and collective action from influential companies and investors, is critical to ensure continued progress in achieving the ambitions of the historic Paris Climate Agreement and the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals. Fortunately, companies we engage with here at Ceres continue to demonstrate that sustainability is not just good for the bottom line; it is the bottom line. Despite backward steps in Washington, there is unprecedented clarity in the business community – especially from the Fortune 100s – that building a healthy, low-carbon economy is irresistible and irreversible. Examples of this are popping up everywhere, although still not at the pace and scale we need. These seven key corporate trends are ready for primetime and will be critically important in advancing our sustainability goals, no matter the political winds in Washington. 1. Corporate support for clean-energy policy is accelerating Corporate energy buyers want renewable energy – and not just to help them meet their own greenhouse gas reduction goals. Renewable energy prices are increasingly cost-competitive in many parts of the country, and they remove the long-term risks associated with fossil fuel energy price volatility. More than 900 companies and investors are calling on President Trump and Congress to keep the U.S. in the Paris Climate Agreement and to support low-carbon policies in the U.S. And nearly 100 global companies have signed on to to the RE100 initiative, a commitment to source all of their energy from renewables. Lacking a national carbon mitigation strategy, states and cities will continue to be the platforms on which we’ll see meaningful clean-energy progress. In Michigan, Ohio and Virginia, among other states, companies are helping to shape policies that strengthen and increase access to renewable energy, leading to more clean-energy investment and jobs in those states. Stay tuned for our upcoming Power Forward report this spring documenting these trends among Fortune 500 companies. 2. More investors expect companies to disclose climate-related risks and opportunities The Task Force on Climate-Related Disclosures (TCFD) – whose leadership includes Ceres member companies such as Bloomberg LP and JPMorgan Chase – recently published a specific guidance on how companies should evaluate and disclose climate risks in financial filings. Investors and global stock exchanges are taking notice, especially in regard to how carbon-intensive companies are analyzing business impacts under scenarios where carbon pollution is reduced at levels that would limit global warming to 2-degrees Celsius or less – the goal of the Paris Climate Agreement. More than ever, investors are aiming these questions at energy-intensive companies like ExxonMobil and Chevron, which are already struggling financially as global oil demand is waning. 3. Companies are advancing human rights reporting and performance Companies are facing unprecedented scrutiny on their human rights performance and reporting. In 2015, the nonprofit group Shift that helps organizations to implement the U.N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), developed the UNGP reporting framework, which companies such as Ericsson, Nestle, and Unilever are already utilizing to strengthen human rights reporting and performance. Ceres is now collaborating with Shift to advance corporate adoption and implementation of the framework to drive improved human rights performance across direct operations and global supply chains. 4. Water risks are rising on the investor agenda Water crises such as prolonged droughts and extreme precipitation events – been in California, lately? – were again among the top five global impact risks in an annual report from the World Economic Forum. Increasingly, companies operating in water-stressed regions are proactively taking action to conserve and protect water sources. General Mills, Gap and PepsiCo, are among a growing cadre of companies engaging with California policymakers on the urgency for stronger water management policies in this water-starved state. 5. Competence on sustainability is becoming a measure of board effectiveness Corporate boards have a key authority and responsibility to boost corporate attention on long-term sustainability risks like climate change. Large investors are increasingly focused on the role board members can play on sustainability. U.S. pension funds CalPERS and CalSTRS, for example, both recently updated their governance principles to explicitly request that company boards have stronger experience and expertise on climate risk management. In the coming months, investors and other stakeholders will be looking to engage with key governance experts within companies on this topic, including corporate secretaries and general counsel. 6. SDGs will be a bigger driver of strategy and action In 2015, more than 190 world leaders committed to 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) aimed at ending extreme poverty, eliminating longstanding inequalities and fighting climate change. Worldwide momentum behind these internationally supported goals continues to gain strength, and at the upcoming Ceres Conference we will hear from Novozymes, BASF and Intel about how they are aligning their commitments and business strategies with this global vision. 7. Sustainable sourcing is becoming the new norm Access to reliable, affordable supplies of key inputs is threatened by climate change, water scarcity risks, and the use of unethical practices like deforestation and forced labor. Agricultural supply chains are feeling some of the biggest pressures, leading to stronger action by investors and companies themselves to push for strategies to assess and manage these risks. This spring, Ceres will release an interactive tool called Engage the Chain to help investors and companies better understand wide-ranging agricultural commodity risks. No doubt, company actions on all of these fronts will continue to evolve – and, hopefully, accelerate. Such leadership is more essential than ever. Image credit: Pexels Amy Augustine is the senior director of the corporate program at Ceres, a nonprofit sustainability organization mobilizing the world’s largest investors and companies to take stronger action on climate change, water scarcity and other global sustainability challenges. Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6452 articles in this category: Timberland and Thread Partner to Drive Social Impact in Haiti Trump’s Science Budget Slash Will Impact Business, Too Kraft Heinz Releases New Palm Oil Policy, But Some NGOs Are Skeptical TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm /columns/23 March 2017. 1pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 23 March 2017. 6pm 06 April 2017. 6pm 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - UK markets finished in positive territory on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index closing at a record high for a second consecutive session Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:17 20 Mar 2017 ., Mon UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished in positive territory on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index closing at a record high for a second consecutive session. Panmure Gordon & Co. rallied 64.7%, after Bob Diamond’s Ellsworthy Ltd. and a Qatari investment group, QInvest, acquired the company for £15.5 million in cash. Berkeley Group Holdings jumped 6.1%, after the housebuilder stated that its full year pre-tax profits would come out at the top end of analysts’ expectations. Peer, Barratt Developments added 1.6%. Bucking the trend, Tullow Oil plunged 14.8%, after the company announced that it would raise £607.0 million through a rights issue at a deeply discounted price in order to reduce its debt. Hochschild Mining plummeted 8.1%, after its Chairman, Eduardo Hochschild, sold his stocks worth up to £42.0 million in the company. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.1%, to close at 7,425.0, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.4%, to settle at 19,094.9. US Market Snapshot US markets closed mostly lower on Friday, weighed down by losses in financial sector stocks. Franklin Resources and Invesco dropped 3.9% and 4.4%, respectively. Banking giants, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs Group declined 1.1%, 1.4% and 1.7%, respectively. Amgen tumbled 6.4%, after the company stated that its new cholesterol-lowering drug significantly failed to reduce mortality. On the flipside, 3M, Wynn Resorts and Cintas added 1.1%, 3.8% and 4.7%, respectively. Adobe Systems advanced 3.8%, after the company posted better than expected results for the first quarter. Tiffany climbed 2.7%, after the retailer reported upbeat profit for the fourth quarter and offered a robust outlook for 2017. The S&P 500 slipped 0.1%, to settle at 2,378.3. The DJIA shed 0.1%, to settle at 20,914.6, while the NASDAQ marginally gained, to close at 5,901.0. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets ended in the green on Friday, as banks rallied after the European Central Bank (ECB) policymaker, Ewald Nowotny, rekindled talk of a possible rate hike. E.ON advanced 4.8%, after the company raised €1.35 billion through the issuance of 200.0 million new shares as a part of a capital increase. Galenica climbed 1.9%, after Martin Ebner boosted his stake in the company to over 20.0%. Novartis and Roche Holding added 0.4% and 0.6%, respectively. On the contrary, Airbus dropped 0.5%, after the French authorities begun a preliminary probe into alleged fraud at the civil aviation business of Airbus Group relating to irregularities concerning third party consultants. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 0.2%, to close at 1,491.9. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 0.1%, to close at 12,095.2, while the French CAC-40 advanced 0.3%, to settle at 5,029.2. Asia Market Snapshot Asian markets are trading mixed this morning. In Japan, markets are closed today for the Vernal Equinox Day. In Hong Kong, China Shenhua Energy has surged 15.9%, after the coal miner reported its first annual profit growth in almost four years. Oil giant, China Petroleum & Chemical has added 0.5%, while peers, CNOOC and Sinopec Oilfield Service have fallen 1.0% and 1.3%, respectively. In South Korea, index majors, Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics have declined 0.8% and 2.3%, respectively. However, SK Hynix and POSCO have advanced 0.5% and 1.5%, respectively. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.6% up at 24,447.9, while the Kospi index is trading 0.5% lower at 2,153.4. On Friday, the Nikkei 225 index fell 0.3%, to close at 19,521.6. Key Corporate Announcements Today Interim Dividend Payment Date AstraZeneca Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date Total SA Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Aluminium Bahrain B.S.C. GDR (Reg S), Blue Prism Group, Centamin (DI), Electronic Data Processing, Wynnstay, Bruner Investment Trust Interim Dividend Payment Date Rank Group Key Economic News UK Rightmove house price index climbed in March On an annual basis, the Rightmove house price index in the UK climbed 2.30% in March. The Rightmove house price index had registered a similar rise in the previous month. UK Rightmove house price index advanced in March On a monthly basis, the Rightmove house price index rose 1.30% in March, in the UK. The Rightmove house price index had climbed 2.00% in the previous month. Euro-zone construction output dropped in January In January, on a monthly basis, the seasonally adjusted construction output fell 2.30% in the Euro-zone. In the previous month, construction output had registered a revised drop of 0.60%. Euro-zone trade surplus narrowed in January The Euro-zone has posted the seasonally adjusted trade surplus of €15.70 billion in January, compared to a trade surplus of €23.10 billion in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the region to post a trade surplus of €22.00 billion. Euro-zone recorded trade deficit in January The non-seasonally adjusted trade deficit in the Euro-zone recorded a reading of €0.60 billion in January. The Euro-zone had posted a trade surplus of €28.10 billion in the previous month. Italian trade surplus rose in January In January, (EU countries) trade surplus in Italy widened to €0.32 billion. Italy had registered a revised trade surplus of €0.06 billion in the previous month. Italy posted trade deficit in January In January, (non-EU countries) trade deficit in Italy recorded a reading of €0.89 billion. Italy had posted a trade surplus of €5.67 billion in the previous month. US leading indicator advanced more than expected in February On a MoM basis, leading indicator rose 0.60% in February, in the US, compared to a similar rise in the previous month. Market anticipation was for leading indicator to rise 0.50%. US industrial production remained flat in February In February, industrial production remained steady on a monthly basis in the US, less than market expectations for an advance of 0.20%. Industrial production had dropped by a revised 0.10% in the previous month. US capacity utilisation unexpectedly dropped in February Compared to a revised level of 75.50% in the prior month capacity utilisation eased unexpectedly to a level of 75.40% in the US, in February. Market anticipation was for capacity utilisation to record a flat reading. US Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index rose in March The flash Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index advanced to 97.60 in March, in the US, higher than market expectations of a rise to 97.00. In the prior month, the Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index had recorded a reading of 96.30. US manufacturing production rose as expected in February In the US, manufacturing production registered a rise of 0.50% on a monthly basis in February, meeting market expectations. In the prior month, manufacturing production had registered a revised similar rise. Canadian manufacturing shipments surprisingly advanced in January On a MoM basis in January, manufacturing shipments registered an unexpected rise of 0.60% in Canada, more than market expectations for a drop of 0.30%. In the previous month, manufacturing shipments had climbed by a revised 2.10%. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Legal & General Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Legal & General Group Plc (LGEN) Receives Outperform Rating from BNP Paribas Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at BNP Paribas in a research report issued on Monday. They currently have a GBX 270 ($3.30) target price on the financial services provider’s stock. BNP Paribas’ price target indicates a potential upside of 8.04% from the company’s previous close. LGEN has been the topic of a number of other reports. Barclays PLC raised their target price on shares of Legal & General Group Plc from GBX 276 ($3.37) to GBX 282 ($3.45) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 275 ($3.36) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 212 ($2.59) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Monday, November 28th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.67) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “underweight” rating and set a GBX 197 ($2.41) price objective on shares of Legal & General Group Plc in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. Legal & General Group Plc has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 248.43 ($3.04). Legal & General Group Plc (LON:LGEN) opened at 250.20 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 245.21 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 232.38. Legal & General Group Plc has a 52-week low of GBX 160.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 257.10. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 14.84 billion. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 8th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be paid a dividend of GBX 10.35 ($0.13) per share. This is an increase from Legal & General Group Plc’s previous dividend of $4.00. This represents a dividend yield of 4.16%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. Your IP Address: In other news, insider Nigel Wilson sold 90,536 shares of Legal & General Group Plc stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 246 ($3.01), for a total transaction of £222,718.56 ($272,305.37). Also, insider Richard H. Meddings acquired 1,103 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 249 ($3.04) per share, with a total value of £2,746.47 ($3,357.95). Insiders have bought 11,777 shares of company stock valued at $2,951,238 over the last quarter. About Legal & General Group Plc Receive News & Ratings for Legal & General Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Legal & General Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Next » BNP Paribas Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Spire Healthcare Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spire Healthcare Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Spire Healthcare Group PLC’s (SPI) Equal weight Rating Reiterated at Morgan Stanley Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Spire Healthcare Group PLC (LON:SPI)‘s stock had its “equal weight” rating reiterated by stock analysts at Morgan Stanley in a report released on Monday. They currently have a GBX 350 ($4.28) price objective on the stock. Morgan Stanley’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 5.71% from the company’s current price. SPI has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 360 ($4.40) price target on shares of Spire Healthcare Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their price target on Spire Healthcare Group PLC from GBX 433 ($5.29) to GBX 376 ($4.60) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Liberum Capital reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 400 ($4.89) price target on shares of Spire Healthcare Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Berenberg Bank reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 360 ($4.40) price target on shares of Spire Healthcare Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC dropped their price target on Spire Healthcare Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.10) to GBX 305 ($3.73) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 356.80 ($4.36). Shares of Spire Healthcare Group PLC (LON:SPI) opened at 335.20 on Monday. Spire Healthcare Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 295.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 411.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 1.34 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 326.21 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 350.96. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 27th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be given a dividend of GBX 2.50 ($0.03) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 1st. This is a positive change from Spire Healthcare Group PLC’s previous dividend of $1.30. This represents a yield of 0.75%. Your IP Address: About Spire Healthcare Group PLC Spire Healthcare Group plc is a United Kingdom-based independent hospital group. The Company provides in-patient, daycase and out-patient care from approximately 40 hospitals, 10 clinics and over two specialist care centers across the United Kingdom. The Company also owns and operates a sports medicine, physiotherapy and rehabilitation brand, Perform, and a screening service, Lifescan, as well as national pathology services. Receive News & Ratings for Spire Healthcare Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spire Healthcare Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous BNP Paribas Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Sse Plc (SSE) Next » David Malpass Sells 66,411 Shares of New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Visa Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Visa Inc (V) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Posted by William Strong on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Visa Inc (NYSE:V) has been given an average rating of “Buy” by the thirty-two brokerages that are presently covering the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation, thirty have assigned a buy recommendation and one has given a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $94.09. V has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $104.00 price target on shares of Visa in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. Vetr cut shares of Visa from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $83.18 target price for the company. in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $93.00 target price on shares of Visa in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Visa from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Guggenheim upgraded shares of Visa from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $66.12 to $89.00 in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Your IP Address: In related news, SVP James H. Hoffmeister sold 11,139 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.95, for a total transaction of $957,397.05. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 6,390 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $549,220.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP William M. Sheedy sold 125,372 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.74, for a total value of $10,749,395.28. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 365,769 shares in the company, valued at approximately $31,361,034.06. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.14% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in V. State Street Corp increased its position in Visa by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 82,748,981 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock valued at $6,456,063,000 after buying an additional 2,111,820 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Visa by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 51,126,744 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $4,228,182,000 after buying an additional 239,481 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 27,427,533 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,268,257,000 after buying an additional 967,565 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank purchased a new position in Visa during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,335,803,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.14% of the company’s stock. Visa (NYSE:V) opened at 90.24 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $87.29 and a 200 day moving average of $82.61. Visa has a 12-month low of $72.77 and a 12-month high of $90.63. The firm has a market cap of $209.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.98 and a beta of 1.00. Visa (NYSE:V) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The credit-card processor reported $0.86 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.08. Visa had a net margin of 38.30% and a return on equity of 26.48%. The company had revenue of $4.46 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.29 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.69 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 25.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Visa will post $3.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, March 7th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 17th were issued a $0.165 dividend. This represents a $0.66 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.73%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, February 15th. Visa’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 26.09%. About Visa Visa Inc (Visa) is a payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners and government entities to electronic payments. The Company operates through payment services segment. The Company enables global commerce through the transfer of value and information among the participants. Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Opko Health Inc. (OPK) Insider Sells $911,708.25 in Stock Next » Faroe Petroleum plc (FPM) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canadian Metals Inc Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share (CME) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Jamba, Inc. Issued By Wedbush (JMBA) Richard P. Teets, Jr. Sells 140,295 Shares of Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Stock Eugene F. Reilly Sells 70,000 Shares of Prologis Inc (PLD) Stock Chromadex Corp (CDXC) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Stock Rating Upgraded by Wells Fargo & Co Impala Platinum Holdings Limited (IMPUY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sinclair Pharma PLC (SPH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Enquest Plc (ENQ) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €83.00 Price Target Richard A. Gottscho Sells 80,009 Shares of Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Stock Insider Selling: Medtronic plc. (MDT) CEO Sells $7,867,900.00 in Stock Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Leerink Swann Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Rating Reiterated by Leerink Swann Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Receives C$76.50 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) PT at $33.92 GoPro Inc (GPRO) Given New $6.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for AMAG Pharmaceuticals (AMAG) March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet AMAG Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: AMAG) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 3/18/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $40.00 price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals had its price target raised by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald from $24.00 to $25.00. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/28/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. 2/27/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $24.00 price target on by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/15/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $40.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $45.00. 2/14/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $24.00 price target on by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/3/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was downgraded by analysts at Cowen and Company from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating. 2/2/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals had its price target lowered by analysts at Guggenheim from $42.00 to $28.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/2/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $25.00 price target on by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 1/31/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $24.00 price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 1/20/2017 – AMAG Pharmaceuticals was given a new $25.00 price target on by analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. They wrote, “Rekindling desire with Rekynda. On January 9, AMAG announced that it obtained a North American licensing from Palatin Technologies (PTN, not covered) for Rekynda to treat hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD) in pre- menopausal women. Safety and efficacy were established in two Phase 3 clinical trials and AMAG expects to file an NDA in early 2018. HSDD market is large and lacking in effective treatments. AMAG believes the U.S. population of patients with HSDD is 15 million, 5.8 million of which are pre-menopausal. An estimated 800,000 women are being treated for HSDD and 2.2 million are diagnosed but not treated.”” AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG) opened at 23.50 on Monday. AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has a one year low of $17.92 and a one year high of $36.83. The company’s market capitalization is $806.97 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $23.28 and a 200 day moving average of $26.79. AMAG Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AMAG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 14th. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($0.31) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.85 by $2.16. AMAG Pharmaceuticals had a net margin of 3.12% and a return on equity of 11.10%. The company had revenue of $151.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $155.12 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.12 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 39.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. will post $6.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company’s segment is the manufacture, development and commercialization of products and services for use in treating various conditions, with a focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care. Its offerings focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care, including its product, Makena (hydroxyprogesterone caproate injection); services related to the collection, processing and storage of umbilical cord blood stem cell and cord tissue units operated through Cord Blood Registry (CBR); its product, Feraheme (ferumoxytol), for intravenous (IV) use, and MuGard Mucoadhesive Oral Wound Rinse. Receive News & Ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Adobe, Barclays, Dean Foods, Netflix, Simon Property, Snap, Vertex and More By Jon C. Ogg March 17, 2017 8:55 am EDT Print Email Tweet Stocks were indicated higher yet again on Friday, even knowing that many market participants are going to sneak out at lunch for St. Patrick’s Day revelry. The Dow is still back to challenging 21,000 again, and the bull market is now more than eight years old. Investors have bought up stocks on every single pullback. Those same investors also are looking for new trading and investing ideas. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while others cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Some color has been added on many of the following calls, and the consensus analyst price targets referenced are from Thomson Reuters. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Friday, March 17, 2017: Adobe Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: ADBE) was raised to Buy from Hold and the price target was raised to $145 from $115 (versus a $122.37 prior close) at Wunderlich. Adobe has a 52-week trading range of $90.35 to $123.55, but shares were indicated up at a new high of $128.50 on Friday after solid earnings. Barclays PLC (NYSE: BCS) was raised to Overweight from Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley. Its American depositary shares closed up 2.6% at $11.36 on Thursday and were indicated up 1.2% at $11.50 on Friday. The 52-week range is $6.76 to $12.05. Dean Foods Co. (NYSE: DF) was raised to Overweight from Neutral with a $22 price target (versus an $18.75 close) at JPMorgan. Dean Foods has a 52-week range of $15.69 to $22.31 and a consensus analyst price target of $20.17. Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) was started as Outperform and assigned a $178 price target (versus a $144.39 close) at Bernstein. Netflix has a 52-week range of $84.50 to $146.50 and a consensus price target of $150.34. Simon Property Group Inc. (NYSE: SPG) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy and the price target was cut to $185 from $207 at Goldman Sachs. Simon Property has a 52-week range of $167.59 to $229.10 and a consensus price target of $208.74. Snap Inc. (NYSE: SNAP) was started as Neutral with a $20 price target at Mizuho. Its post-IPO range is $19.75 to $29.44, and it was a $17 price at the official IPO allocation. Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: VRTX) was raised to Outperform from Market Perform at JMP Securities. Vertex has a 52-week range of $71.46 to $103.73 and consensus analyst target of $99.70. Other key analyst calls from this Friday were in the following companies: Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (NASDAQ: ADAP) was started with a Market Perform at Wells Fargo. Aqua America Inc. (NYSE: WTR) was raised to Overweight from Equal Weight and the price target was raised to $36 from $33 (versus a $31.19 close) at Barclays. Chicago Bridge & Iron Co. N.V. (NYSE: CBI) was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus. Cypress Energy Partners L.P. (NYSE: CELP) was downgraded to Hold from Buy with a $9.50 price target (versus an $8.78 close) at Stifel. Hilton Inc. (NYSE: HLT) was started with an Overweight rating and assigned a $66 price target (versus a $58.21 close) at JPMorgan. Himax Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: HIMX) was raised to Buy from Neutral at Roth Capital. Patheon N.V. (NYSE: PTHN) was downgraded to Neutral from Outperform and the price target was cut to $28 from $34 (versus a $27.72 close, after an 11.7% drop) at Robert W. Baird. Patheon also was downgraded to Sector Weight from Overweight at KeyBanc Capital Markets. SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. (NYSE: SEAS) was downgraded to Sell from Neutral and the price target was cut to $15 from $19 (versus an $18.88 close) at Citigroup. Texas Roadhouse Inc. (NASDAQ: TXRH) was raised to Buy from Neutral at BTIG Research. USG Corp. (NYSE: USG) was reiterated as Hold but the price target was raised to $35 from $29 (versus a $34.23 close) at Jefferies. Thursday’s top analyst upgrades and downgrades included Biogen, Goldcorp, GoPro, Oracle, Sirius XM, Tyson Foods, Ciena and many more. Follow @Jonogg on Twitter to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your feed. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Why Tiffany Is Picking Up Going Into Its New Fiscal Year Apple Supports 4.8 Million Jobs in China, More Than Double US Total » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Adobe Systems (NASDAQ:ADBE), Chicago Bridge & Iron (NYSE:CBI), Dean Foods Company (NYSE:DF), Himax Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:HIMX), HLT, Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), SEAS, Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG), Texas Roadhouse, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXRH), USG (NYSE:USG), Vertex Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VRTX), Aqua America, Inc. (NYSE:WTR) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Baidu and Tencent Just Invested in this Electric Vehicle Maker Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Telecom plus PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Telecom plus PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Telecom plus PLC (TEP) Given “Buy” Rating at Peel Hunt Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Telecom plus PLC (LON:TEP)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by equities research analysts at Peel Hunt in a research note issued on Monday. They currently have a GBX 1,300 ($15.89) target price on the stock. Peel Hunt’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 8.51% from the company’s previous close. Several other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on shares of Telecom plus PLC from GBX 1,260 ($15.41) to GBX 1,290 ($15.77) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 1,000 ($12.23) price objective on shares of Telecom plus PLC in a report on Thursday, February 9th. FinnCap reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,230 ($15.04) price objective on shares of Telecom plus PLC in a report on Monday, November 21st. Finally, Macquarie raised their price objective on shares of Telecom plus PLC from GBX 1,300 ($15.89) to GBX 1,325 ($16.20) and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Telecom plus PLC has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 1,199.17 ($14.66). Telecom plus PLC (LON:TEP) opened at 1200.00 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 1,204.30 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,175.70. Telecom plus PLC has a one year low of GBX 799.89 and a one year high of GBX 1,265.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 960.29 million. Your IP Address: Telecom plus PLC Company Profile Telecom Plus PLC is engaged in providing landline telephony (calls and line rental), broadband, mobile, gas, electricity and CashBack card services. The Company’s segments include Customer Acquisition and Customer Management. The Customer Acquisition segment includes the sale of marketing materials, and sale of equipment, such as mobile phone handsets and wireless Internet routers. Receive News & Ratings for Telecom plus PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Telecom plus PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Valeura Energy Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (VLE) Next » Savannah Petroleum PLC’s (SAVP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Berkeley Group Holdings PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Beaufort Securities March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by investment analysts at Beaufort Securities in a report issued on Monday. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on Berkeley Group Holdings PLC from GBX 3,559 ($43.51) to GBX 3,571 ($43.66) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday. Shore Capital reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Friday. Peel Hunt reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 4,370 ($53.43) price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Friday. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,844 ($47.00) price target on shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC in a report on Friday. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 3,232.82 ($39.53). Shares of Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (LON:BKG) opened at 3151.00 on Monday. Berkeley Group Holdings PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 2,015.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 3,390.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 4.34 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 2,913.95 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 2,703.44. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 24th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be paid a GBX 85.24 ($1.04) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a dividend yield of 2.96%. Your IP Address: Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Company Profile The Berkeley Group Holdings plc is a holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in residential-led, mixed-use property development. Its segments include Residential-led mixed-use development and Other activities. Its brands include Berkeley, which creates medium to large-scale developments in towns, cities and the countryside, encompassing executive homes, mixed use schemes, riverside apartments, refurbished historic buildings and urban loft spaces; St George, which is involved in mixed use sustainable regeneration in London; St James, which handles projects that embrace private residential development, commercial property, recreational and community facilities; St Edward, which offers residentially led developments, and St William. Receive News & Ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berkeley Group Holdings PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Vodafone Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Vodafone Group plc (VOD) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Vodafone Group plc (LON:VOD)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Deutsche Bank AG in a report issued on Monday. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 280 ($3.42) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Monday, February 6th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.75) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Friday, January 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.18) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Macquarie restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 180 ($2.20) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Berenberg Bank restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 250 ($3.06) target price on shares of Vodafone Group plc in a report on Monday, January 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, ten have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Vodafone Group plc currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 232.18 ($2.84). Shares of Vodafone Group plc (LON:VOD) opened at 211.40 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 199.62 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 209.07. Vodafone Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 186.50 and a 52 week high of GBX 240.10. The firm’s market cap is GBX 59.01 billion. Your IP Address: In other Vodafone Group plc news, insider Ronald Schellekens sold 400,000 shares of Vodafone Group plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 201 ($2.46), for a total transaction of £804,000 ($983,005.26). Also, insider David Thomas Nish acquired 2,910 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 205 ($2.51) per share, for a total transaction of £5,965.50 ($7,293.68). Insiders have acquired 3,152 shares of company stock worth $646,366 over the last ninety days. About Vodafone Group plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) PT Lowered to C$62.00 Next » Standard Life Plc (SL) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Macquarie Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HSBC Holdings plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) a GBX 740 Price Target March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 740 ($9.05) target price on HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) in a report published on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 600 ($7.34) target price on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 579 ($7.08) target price on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 745 ($9.11) target price on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Natixis reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 672 ($8.22) target price (up previously from GBX 478 ($5.84)) on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. Finally, Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 600 ($7.34) target price on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a research note on Friday, November 25th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 608.30 ($7.44). HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) opened at 661.771179 on Tuesday. HSBC Holdings plc has a 52-week low of GBX 392.37 and a 52-week high of GBX 715.20. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 676.20 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 638.13. The firm’s market cap is GBX 129.13 billion. Your IP Address: The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd will be issued a GBX 0.21 ($0.00) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.53%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 23rd. This is a positive change from HSBC Holdings plc’s previous dividend of $0.10. In other news, insider Marc Moses sold 221,164 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 673 ($8.23), for a total value of £1,488,433.72 ($1,819,823.60). Also, insider Lord Evans bought 1,483 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 674 ($8.24) per share, for a total transaction of £9,995.42 ($12,220.83). In the last 90 days, insiders bought 1,528 shares of company stock worth $1,029,632 and sold 482,557 shares worth $320,415,478. HSBC Holdings plc Company Profile HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) is the banking and financial services company. The Company manages its products and services through four businesses: Retail Banking and Wealth Management (RBWM), Commercial Banking (CMB), Global Banking and Markets (GB&M), and Global Private Banking (GPB). It operates across various geographical regions, which include Europe, Asia, Middle East and North Africa, North America and Latin America. Receive News & Ratings for HSBC Holdings plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Close Brothers Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) Major Shareholder Mark J. Levin Sells 30,000 Shares Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) SVP Jeffrey D. Ansell Sells 7,674 Shares CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Insider Venkatesh S. Durvasula Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Bank of Montreal (BMO) Insider Gilles Gerard Ouellette Sells 38,412 Shares of Stock Incyte Co. (INCY) Director Paul A. Friedman Sells 50,000 Shares of Stock The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) President David L. Felsenthal Sells 32,000 Shares Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Major Shareholder Jill Foss Watson Sells 20,878 Shares of Stock NCR Co. (NCR) Major Shareholder Holdings L.P. Blackstone III Sells 3,002,753 Shares of Stock Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Director Frank R. Martire Sells 305,500 Shares of Stock International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Major Shareholder Winder Investment Pte Ltd Buys 100,000 Shares of Stock Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) CEO Mary Dillon Sells 33,955 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Williams Capital Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Mizuho Carnival Corp (CCL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Greif, Inc. (GEF) Price Target Increased to $53.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Receives Outperform Rating from JMP Securities Toro Co (TTC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Given New C$20.00 Price Target at CIBC Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital restated their hold rating on shares of Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. They currently have a GBX 1,400 ($17.12) price objective on the stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price target on Close Brothers Group plc from GBX 1,575 ($19.26) to GBX 1,650 ($20.17) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a report on Friday, November 18th. Peel Hunt reiterated an add rating and issued a GBX 1,600 ($19.56) price target on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Friday, January 20th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated an add rating and issued a GBX 1,629 ($19.92) price target on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC downgraded Close Brothers Group plc to an equal weight rating and reduced their price target for the stock from GBX 1,500 ($18.34) to GBX 1,430 ($17.48) in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a hold rating on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a report on Friday, January 6th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,539.56 ($18.82). Shares of Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) opened at 1580.00 on Tuesday. Close Brothers Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 975.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,593.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.35 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,500.08 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,417.01. Your IP Address: The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be issued a dividend of GBX 20 ($0.24) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a yield of 1.28%. In other Close Brothers Group plc news, insider Rebekah Etherington sold 966 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,434 ($17.53), for a total transaction of £13,852.44 ($16,936.59). Also, insider Elizabeth Lee sold 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,557 ($19.04), for a total value of £93,420 ($114,219.34). Close Brothers Group plc Company Profile Close Brothers Group plc is a merchant banking company. The Company provides lending, deposit taking, wealth management services and securities trading. The Company operates through three segments: Banking, Securities and Asset Management. The Banking segment provides lending to small businesses and individuals, with an emphasis on specialist finance. Receive News & Ratings for Close Brothers Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Minerals Technologies Inc. is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets worldwide a broad range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and related systems and services. The Company has five reportable segments: Specialty Minerals, Refractories, Performance Materials, Construction Technologies and Energy Services. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Minerals Technologies from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $76.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Shares of Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) opened at 75.45 on Tuesday. Minerals Technologies has a 12 month low of $51.29 and a 12 month high of $83.85. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $77.63 and its 200-day moving average price is $74.58. The company has a market capitalization of $2.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.91 and a beta of 2.04. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.05 by $0.03. The business earned $401.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $393.05 million. Minerals Technologies had a return on equity of 15.57% and a net margin of 8.14%. The business’s revenue was down 6.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.00 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Minerals Technologies will post $4.75 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 9th. Investors of record on Friday, February 17th were given a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, February 15th. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.27%. Minerals Technologies’s payout ratio is 5.28%. In related news, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 790 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.08, for a total value of $62,473.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 31,554 shares in the company, valued at $2,495,290.32. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 7,373 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.18, for a total value of $576,421.14. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 31,355 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,451,333.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.70% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Calvert Investment Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Minerals Technologies by 23.4% in the second quarter. Calvert Investment Management Inc. now owns 54,169 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,077,000 after buying an additional 10,286 shares during the last quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio raised its position in shares of Minerals Technologies by 5.0% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 2,262 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 107 shares during the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its position in shares of Minerals Technologies by 19.0% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 418,107 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,748,000 after buying an additional 66,700 shares during the last quarter. Beacon Financial Group acquired a new position in shares of Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at $328,000. Finally, Eqis Capital Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at $779,000. Institutional investors own 96.28% of the company’s stock. About Minerals Technologies Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource-and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets worldwide a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and related systems and services. It has five segments. The Specialty Minerals, Performance Materials, and Construction Technologies segments produce and sell products and technologies based primarily upon the mineral products calcium carbonate, bentonite, talc, chromite and leonardite. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Minerals Technologies (MTX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Nimble Storage Inc (NMBL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Next » Fortress Biotech Inc Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.33) Per Share (FBIO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirit Realty Capital Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho TheStreet Lowers Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to C+ March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TheStreet cut shares of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (NYSE:SRC) from a b- rating to a c+ rating in a report published on Wednesday. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on SRC. Robert W. Baird upgraded Spirit Realty Capital from a neutral rating to an outperform rating and set a $13.00 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Spirit Realty Capital from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 22nd. Bank of America Corp lowered Spirit Realty Capital from a neutral rating to an underperform rating in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Mizuho lowered Spirit Realty Capital from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $10.50 price target for the company. in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Spirit Realty Capital in a research note on Friday, December 16th. They issued an overweight rating and a $13.00 price target for the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Spirit Realty Capital currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $13.78. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) opened at 10.35 on Wednesday. Spirit Realty Capital has a 52-week low of $9.97 and a 52-week high of $13.97. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $10.60 and its 200-day moving average price is $11.43. The company has a market cap of $5.01 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 50.24 and a beta of 0.52. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.13. Spirit Realty Capital had a return on equity of 3.17% and a net margin of 16.77%. The business earned $173.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $162.91 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.22 EPS. Spirit Realty Capital’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Spirit Realty Capital will post $0.33 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 14th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a $0.18 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 6.96%. Spirit Realty Capital’s dividend payout ratio is currently 288.00%. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 7.1% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 190,088 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2,427,000 after buying an additional 12,636 shares in the last quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 9.3% in the second quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. now owns 27,117 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $346,000 after buying an additional 2,300 shares in the last quarter. Spirit of America Management Corp NY raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 174.1% in the third quarter. Spirit of America Management Corp NY now owns 93,200 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,243,000 after buying an additional 59,200 shares in the last quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 1.1% in the third quarter. 1st Global Advisors Inc. now owns 38,644 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $515,000 after buying an additional 408 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D raised its position in Spirit Realty Capital by 10.8% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 205,000 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2,733,000 after buying an additional 20,000 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 96.54% of the company’s stock. About Spirit Realty Capital Spirit Realty Capital, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s operations are carried out through Spirit Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). The Company invests in single-tenant, operationally essential real estate throughout the United States that is leased on a long-term, triple-net basis primarily to tenants engaged in retail, service and distribution industries. Receive News & Ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Editas Medicine Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Vetr Inc. Upgrades Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) to Strong-Buy Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Editas Medicine Inc (NASDAQ:EDIT) was upgraded by stock analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a note issued to investors on Monday. The firm presently has a $27.14 price objective on the stock. Vetr‘s target price would indicate a potential upside of 21.70% from the stock’s previous close. EDIT has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Jefferies Group LLC set a $35.00 price objective on Editas Medicine and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $32.00 price objective on Editas Medicine and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Zacks Investment Research cut Editas Medicine from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating, two have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $27.79. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) opened at 22.30 on Monday. Editas Medicine has a one year low of $12.43 and a one year high of $43.50. The stock’s market cap is $799.23 million. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $21.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $17.26. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) last issued its earnings results on Friday, March 3rd. The company reported ($1.10) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.62) by $0.48. Editas Medicine had a negative return on equity of 59.22% and a negative net margin of 1,184.46%. During the same period last year, the firm posted ($4.05) earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that Editas Medicine will post ($2.85) earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: In related news, COO Alexandra Glucksmann sold 1,000 shares of Editas Medicine stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.41, for a total transaction of $26,410.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 118,788 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,137,191.08. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CFO Andrew A. F. Hack sold 15,000 shares of Editas Medicine stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.20, for a total value of $288,000.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 15,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $288,000. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 25,000 shares of company stock valued at $495,490. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. PARK CIRCLE Co purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth about $135,000. Hamilton Lane Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth about $260,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth about $284,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the third quarter worth about $299,000. Finally, A.R.T. Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter worth about $417,000. 60.89% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Editas Medicine Company Profile Editas Medicine, Inc, formerly Gengine, Inc, is a genome editing company. The Company is engaged in treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing genes. It operates through developing and commercializing genome editing technology segment. It is developing a genome editing platform based on clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR)/CRISPR associated protein 9 (Cas9) technology. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Editas Medicine Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Mobileye NV (MBLY) Upgraded to “C-” by TheStreet Next » Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Cut to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Drax Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Drax Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Drax Group Plc (DRX) Insider Sells £8,933.34 in Stock Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Drax Group Plc (LON:DRX) insider Andy Koss sold 2,643 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 338 ($4.13), for a total transaction of £8,933.34 ($10,922.29). Drax Group Plc (LON:DRX) opened at 340.254 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.38 billion. Drax Group Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 259.10 and a 1-year high of GBX 393.20. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 357.44 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 332.29. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a dividend of GBX 0.40 ($0.00) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 20th. This represents a yield of 0.11%. Your IP Address: Several research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Morgan Stanley cut shares of Drax Group Plc to an “underweight” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from GBX 310 ($3.79) to GBX 325 ($3.97) in a report on Friday, February 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Drax Group Plc in a report on Monday, February 20th. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price target on shares of Drax Group Plc from GBX 320 ($3.91) to GBX 340 ($4.16) and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 310 ($3.79) price target (up from GBX 280 ($3.42)) on shares of Drax Group Plc in a report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 410 ($5.01) price target on shares of Drax Group Plc in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 368.57 ($4.51). About Drax Group Plc Drax Group Plc is engaged in the electricity generation; electricity supply to business customers, and manufacturing of sustainable compressed wood pellets for use in electricity production. The Company operates through three segments: Generation, which is engaged in the generation of electricity at Drax Power Station; Biomass Supply, which is engaged in the production of sustainable compressed wood pellets at its processing facilities in the United States, and Retail, which is engaged in the supply of power to business customers and wood pellets to the domestic heat market. Receive News & Ratings for Drax Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Drax Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Sempra Energy (SRE) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 21st Next » Temple Bar Investment Trust PLC (TMPL) Insider Buys £474.71 in Stock Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Jobs LATEST NEWS Tawang is part of China: Tibetan scholar Court asks ACB to file report in plaint against Arvind Kejriwal India notifies amended tax treaty with Singapore Airtel enters definitive agreement to acquire Tikona Digital Terrorist was known to spies: British PM Theresa May Muslims should support construction of Ram temple: Subramanian Swamy ET Portfolio ET Speed Markets News Industry Small Biz Politics Wealth MF Tech TECHHardwareSoftwareInternetITeSDo Big Stories FOLLOW TECH Apple likely to start making iPhones in India over next 2 months: Report  WSJ quoting Indian officials said the move, a first for the company, will bolste...'Smart lights to become largest IoT devices in next 5-10 years'L&T Technology Services opens center in MunichAdobe, Microsoft working together on artificial intelligence Jobs Opinion NRI Slideshows Magazines PanacheET MagazineWealthBrand EquityFinancial TimesTravel FOLLOW PANACHE FOLLOW WEALTH More NewslettersAlertsE-PaperE-LearningET intelligenceMobileET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth for iPadET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App Brand Solutions Glenfiddich Artists in Residence A chance to collaborate with other celebrated international counterparts India Infra Summit 2017 It serves as a platform for all stakeholders to come together and brainstorm. ET Telecom Awards 2017 Recognising excellence in the Indian telecom industry. Mutual Fund PULSE Get ready to become a champion investor Tata Docomo Business Services Do Big Stories: Powering Innovations For The Next India Committed to the Future, Committed to India GE EnergyWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating energy. Build More Than A Network Different way of looking at the challenges of the global network ET HealthWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating healthcare... ET Portfolio Manage and grow your money smartly with just one tool ET RICS The exhaustive survey that help brands and industry to review their products. ET NOW ET Home›Jobs 04:05 PM | 23 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,332164.48 NIFTY 50 9,08655.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,845-40.00 USD/INR 65.530.09 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 164 pts; Nifty50 tops 9,080; Tata Motors gains 3% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments With 74 first time recruiters, 200 companies participate at IIM Indore placement process ET Bureau| Updated: Mar 20, 2017, 01.14 PM IST READ MORE ON » Indus Valley Partners | IndianOil | IIM Indore | ICICI bank | HSBC | Hindware | HDFC The batch at IIM Indore has a strength of 611, including 447 students of the PGP, 100 students of the unique 5-year Integrated Program in Management IPM. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve ICICI bank x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Edelweiss x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Crisil x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Axis Bank x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Axis Bank EXPAND TO VIEW ALL NEW DELHI: At IIM Indore, over 200 companies participated this year in the placement process of which 74 were first time recruiters. This year also saw the highest package at the campus increasing by 22 per cent from last year. The average package stood at Rs 16.23 lakh per annum while the highest international package was Rs 39 lakh and highest domestic package was at Rs 37 lakh this year. The batch at IIM Indore has a strength of 611, including 447 students of the Post-Graduate Programme (PGP), 100 students of the unique 5-year Integrated Program in Management (IPM) and 62 students of the PGP program at the Mumbai Campus of IIM Indore. Strategy & Consulting emerged as the leading domain with over 160 offers with recruiters like Actuate Business Consulting, Boston Consulting Group, Cognizant Business Consulting, Deloitte Strategy & Operations, Ernst & Young, Feedback Infra, Infosys Management Consulting, KPMG and PwC. In the finance domain with investment banks like Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase & Co. rolling out over 30 offers while Arcesium, Axis Bank, Bank of America Continuum, CRISIL, Edelweiss, EXL, FIS Global, HDFC, HSBC, ICICI Bank, were among major recruiters. First time recruiters included Apollo Munich, Apollo Pharmacy, Atos, Avery Dennison, Directi, Dell EMC, Feedback Infra, FIS Global, Ford, GMR Group, ICICI Securities, Panasonic, Shriram Wealth Advisors, Sundaram BNP Paribas, Tech Mahindra (GLC), Vedanta and VF Corporation. Firms like Amazon, Asian Paints, Genpact, Hindware, IndianOil, Indus Valley Partners, Infosys Management Consulting, Johnson & Johnson, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and United Breweries returned to recruit after a hiatus, according to the release. IIM Indore, has wrapped up the final placements for the class of 2017 with a 28% increase in Pre-Placement offers. The second batch of the five-year Integrated Programme in Management had 100 participants and witnessed 100% placements with an average package of Rs 12.52 lakh. “Despite challenging economic changes, we have continued to be the preferred choice for many of the industry leaders. Leading recruiters have offered various challenging managerial roles to more than 600 of our 2-year PGP and 5-year IPM graduates. This year a lot more recruiters expressed interest and appreciated the performance of IPM participants in the whole process," said Rishikesha T Krishnan, Director of IIM Indore. READ MORE ON » Indus Valley Partners | IndianOil | IIM Indore | ICICI bank | HSBC | Hindware | HDFC Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1With 74 first time recruiters, 200 companies participate at IIM Indore placement process University of Petroleum and Energy Studies (UPES) introduces policy to encourage entrepreneurship LinkedIn announces top social recruiters in India Aricent-Nasscom Foundation to impart employable skills to 3400 engineering students Business executives say organisations not 'change agile': Mercer Finding quality talent one of the most challenging aspects, think 39% employers Recruitment team in India not using mobile recruiting tools: Survey LinkedIn releases list of recruiters in India who recruited smartly last year Idea-Vodafone merger: Surplus telco talent to be redeployed 32% Indian professionals land a new job via social networks: LinkedIn Watch out, fresh graduates! IT companies are leaving you for Americans BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arrow Global Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Insider Sells £437,678.64 in Stock March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) insider Robert Memmott sold 135,086 shares of Arrow Global Group PLC stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 324 ($3.96), for a total value of £437,678.64 ($535,124.88). Shares of Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) opened at 317.50 on Monday. Arrow Global Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 168.66 and a 52-week high of GBX 339.18. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 553.63 million. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 314.65 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 297.51. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a dividend of GBX 6.40 ($0.08) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.97%. This is an increase from Arrow Global Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. Your IP Address: A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on ARW shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 330 ($4.03) to GBX 350 ($4.28) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 405 ($4.95) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Peel Hunt reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 340 ($4.16) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Macquarie lifted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.10) to GBX 350 ($4.28) and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 359 ($4.39) to GBX 384 ($4.69) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 371.50 ($4.54). Arrow Global Group PLC Company Profile Arrow Global Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based purchaser and manager of debt that uses data and analytics to acquire and manage debt portfolios from financial institutions and other credit providers. The Company is a provider of receivable management solutions. The Company is engaged in the purchase and collection of non-performing loans (NPLs). Receive News & Ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Standard Chartered PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Standard Chartered PLC (LON: STAN) recently: 3/9/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 570 ($6.97) price target on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 1,000 ($12.23) price target on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target lowered by analysts at Citigroup Inc from GBX 900 ($11.00) to GBX 890 ($10.88). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC was given a new GBX 620 ($7.58) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 520 ($6.36) to GBX 575 ($7.03). They now have an “underweight” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 515 ($6.30) to GBX 570 ($6.97). They now have an “underperform” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 600 ($7.34) to GBX 620 ($7.58). They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 870 ($10.64) price target on the stock. 2/20/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC was downgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to a “neutral” rating. 2/16/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 515 ($6.30) price target on the stock. 2/9/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a GBX 1,000 ($12.23) price target on the stock. 2/3/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 555 ($6.79) to GBX 600 ($7.34). They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 2/2/2017 – Standard Chartered PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 1,000 ($12.23) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 890 ($10.88). Shares of Standard Chartered PLC (LON:STAN) opened at 730.40 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 765.15 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 689.41. The company’s market cap is GBX 23.94 billion. Standard Chartered PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 425.65 and a 1-year high of GBX 821.60. Standard Chartered PLC is an international banking company. The Bank provides personal banking, business banking, wealth management, Islamic banking and online banking services. Its segments include Corporate and Institutional clients, Commercial Clients, Private Banking Clients and Retail Clients. Its Corporate and Institutional clients segment consists of global corporates, local corporates and financial Institutions. Receive News & Ratings for Standard Chartered PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Standard Chartered PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Tsakos Energy Navigation’s (TNP) Hold Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. (NYSE:TNP)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by stock analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG in a research report issued on Friday. They presently have a $5.00 price objective on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 2.25% from the company’s previous close. TNP has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Clarkson Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Maxim Group started coverage on Tsakos Energy Navigation in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. They set a “buy” rating and a $9.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Tsakos Energy Navigation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their target price on Tsakos Energy Navigation from $8.00 to $7.50 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Tsakos Energy Navigation has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $7.42. Shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation (NYSE:TNP) opened at 4.89 on Friday. Tsakos Energy Navigation has a 1-year low of $3.92 and a 1-year high of $6.67. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $4.65 and its 200 day moving average is $4.77. The company has a market cap of $409.69 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 6.21 and a beta of 1.87. Your IP Address: Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. WealthTrust Axiom LLC boosted its stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation by 11.9% in the third quarter. WealthTrust Axiom LLC now owns 230,860 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,112,000 after buying an additional 24,627 shares during the last quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation by 30.5% in the third quarter. Kopernik Global Investors LLC now owns 3,354,509 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,168,000 after buying an additional 783,364 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation during the fourth quarter worth about $5,212,000. Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation by 10.0% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 290,367 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,362,000 after buying an additional 26,365 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Tsakos Energy Navigation by 5.8% in the third quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. now owns 1,053,292 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,077,000 after buying an additional 57,863 shares during the last quarter. 27.25% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Tsakos Energy Navigation Tsakos Energy Navigation Limited is a provider of international seaborne crude oil and petroleum product transportation services. The Company operates through maritime transportation of liquid energy related products segment. It operates a fleet of approximately 50 modern crude oil and petroleum product tankers that provide marine transportation services for national and other independent oil companies and refiners under long, medium and short-term charters. Receive News & Ratings for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions March 23, 2017 61° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Overcast. High near 75F. Winds E at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy skies this evening will become partly cloudy after midnight. Low near 55F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: March 23, 2017 @ 8:06 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Playground to honor 6 kids who died in Baltimore house fire Mar 19, 2017 (…) BALTIMORE (AP) — A playground will honor six children who died in a Baltimore house fire. JPMorgan Chase & Co is donating land for a playground near Baltimore's City Neighbors Charter School, which two of the children who died attended. Two of their siblings who survived the fire also attend the school. Local media report that a vacant house on land across from the school will be torn down to make way for the playground. The Baltimore Sun (http://bsun.md/1cw4Teg ) says Chase purchased the property for $280,000 in 2013 and will pay to demolish the house. The paper says Chase had offered the property to the parents of the children who died and whose home was destroyed, but they've said they don't plan to return to the neighborhood. The fire's cause remains under investigation. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Residential Fires Fires Accidents And Disasters Individual Giving Philanthropy Social Affairs Locations Baltimore Maryland United States North America Popular Clark Cinema 10 on track for April opening Ronnie Gilley thankful for experiences, optimistic about future Police respond to Carroll High shooting threat Police: Barbaree created false corporation, stole $11k investment Case of body found in Dale County being treated as a homicide Ozark mayor, others in Dale County oppose concealed weapon, pharmacy bills Lawsuit against Flowers Hospital over theft of personal information attains class action status Deveridge out as Eufaula coach; Cliatt hired as next coach Death sentence given in Wicksburg nightclub triple killing Former Dothan commissioner Taylor Barbaree arrested on felony charges Featured Businesses Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Currently Open Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Currently Open Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Currently Open Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Currently Open Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Currently Open Coupons Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Currently Open Vehicles Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Currently Open Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Currently Open Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Currently Open Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 Currently Open Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Currently Open Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Currently Open US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Contests Fix My Yard Bracket Challenge Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In PE-backed ProPetro debuts IPO March 17, 2017 By Iris Dorbian Midland, Texas-based ProPetro Holding Corp, an oilfield services company, has raised $350 million for its IPO after pricing its 25 million shares at $14 per share. The stock began trading March 17, 2017 on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “PUMP.” Goldman Sachs and Barclays Capital Inc are serving as the lead underwriters. ProPetro is backed by Energy Capital Partners. PRESS RELEASE MIDLAND, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)– ProPetro Holding Corp. (NYSE: PUMP) (the “Company”) announced today that it has priced the initial public offering of 25,000,000 shares of its common stock at $14.00 per share, of which 13,250,000 shares are to be sold by the Company and 11,750,000 shares are to be sold by the selling stockholders named in the registration statement on Form S-1 filed previously with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The shares are expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 17, 2017 under the ticker symbol “PUMP.” In addition, the selling stockholders named in the registration statement have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase from the selling stockholders up to an additional 3,750,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at the initial public offering price. The offering is expected to close on March 22, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the net proceeds it receives from the offering to repay borrowings outstanding under the Company’s term loan, to fund the purchase of additional hydraulic fracturing units and for general corporate purposes. The Company will not receive any net proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholders of shares of the Company’s common stock. Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Barclays Capital Inc. are acting as book-running managers for the proposed initial public offering. Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are also acting as book-running managers for the offering. The proposed initial public offering of these securities is being made only by means of a written prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, copies of which may be obtained from: Goldman, Sachs & Co. Attention: Prospectus Department 200 West Street New York, NY 10282 Telephone: 1-866-471-2526 Email: [email protected] Barclays Capital Inc. c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions 1155 Long Island Avenue Edgewood, NY 11717 Telephone: 888-603-5847 Email: [email protected] Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Attention: Prospectus Department One Madison Avenue New York, New York 10010 Telephone: 800-221-1037 Email: [email protected] J.P. Morgan Securities LLC c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions 1155 Long Island Avenue Edgewood, NY 11717 Attention: Prospectus Department Telephone: 1-866-803-9204 Email: [email protected] Important Information A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the SEC. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. When available, you may obtain a copy of the prospectus free of charge by visiting the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov, and searching under the registrant’s name, “ProPetro Holding Corp.” Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements that do not relate to historical matters identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that actual outcomes and results will not differ materially from those expected by our management. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, including, among others, that our business plans may change as circumstances warrant, the Company’s shares of common stock may not begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange as expected and the offering may not close as expected. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. For more information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those conveyed in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the “Risk Factors” section of the prospectus included in the registration statement on Form S-1, in the form last filed with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or otherwise, unless required by law. About ProPetro: ProPetro Holding Corp. is a Midland, Texas-based oilfield services company providing hydraulic fracturing and other complementary services to leading upstream oil and gas companies engaged in the exploration and production of North American unconventional oil and natural gas resources. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.  Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, BBH Capital, Morgan Stanley are hiring by Eamon Murphy Sealed Air nears sale of Diversey Care to Bain Capital, say sources: Reuters by Reuters News B Capital hires five and promotes one by Iris Dorbian CD&R-backed Brand and Odyssey-backed Safway to merge by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: IAC, StepStone, Barings are hiring by Eamon Murphy Flow raises $13 mln from Bain Capital Ventures by Luisa Beltran Platinum Equity to acquire Staples’ Australia and New Zealand business by Iris Dorbian Marlin Equity racks up $3.25 bln for two funds by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business London tourism at risk after terror attack World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Trump's Wall Street cop promises 'no favoritism' despite ties to banks Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech 4 myths -- and facts -- about online security Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance The 800+ club: Secrets of people with high credit scores Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz How to drink wine without removing the cork Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury The billionaires club shrank by 283 last year Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Trumponomics America's CEOs ramp up hiring plans at fastest pace in 3 years by Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 March 14, 2017: 12:24 PM ET The Rust Belt gave Trump his victory. Now these voters want jobs. President Trump's promises to slash taxes and rip up regulations are making America's CEOs more confident about hiring workers. A new Business Roundtable survey of CEO projections for hiring, investments and sales growth over the next six months jumped by the most since the fourth quarter of 2009. While business leaders were planning to cut jobs as recently as the middle of last year, 41% of the CEOs polled now say they expect to ramp up hiring. The employment index of the survey, which took place between February 8 and March 1, is now at the highest level in nearly three years. It's the latest evidence that the "pro-growth" parts of the Trump agenda are exciting corporate leaders. "This country can do better. We're not believers that we're somehow stuck in low growth. We just need good policy at this point," said JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon, who serves as chairman of the Business Roundtable, which represents large companies. He added that these policy changes "would be good for all Americans, not just big companies." Dimon specifically cited enthusiasm among CEOs to work with Washington on "far-reaching tax reform" as well as a "smarter approach to regulation." Related: Bush economist: Trump should get moving on tax cuts Of course, it remains to be seen how much of this CEO confidence will translate to actual job creation. The U.S. is at a level that many economists consider full employment -- unemployment is sitting at just 4.8% as of February, and it's not like corporate chiefs are anticipating the economy will boom this year. CEOs in the Business Roundtable survey predicted 2017 GDP growth of just 2.2% for 2017. That's up a bit from a few months ago, but well shy of the 4% growth Trump has promised to eventually deliver. Nevertheless, Trump's pledge for "massive" tax cuts has fired up the stock market. The S&P 500 has surged by 11% since the election to all-time highs. Of the CEOs polled, 52% indicated tax reform would create the most pro-growth environment for their business. Related: Trump is pushing 'Buy American' But customers (mostly) don't care However, tax reform is incredibly complicated, and so far there has been little movement in Congress on this issue as lawmakers instead focus on repealing and replacing Obamacare. Efforts to rewrite the corporate tax code will be further muddied by opposition to a Republican proposal for a border adjusted tax (BAT) that would aim to encourage more stuff gets made in America. Retailers have warned a BAT could jack up prices on shoppers. "We don't think the hopes will be dashed," said Joshua Bolten, the CEO of the Business Roundtable and President George W. Bush's former chief of staff. "While it's never easy to do tax reform, we think this really is a once-in-a-generation opportunity." Another 27% of CEOs surveyed by the Business Roundtable say they are most excited by Trump's regulatory reform efforts. Trump has vowed to "do a big number" on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. He has argued that regulations are holding back the economy, even though business loans and bank profits are at record highs. Trump also wants to dial back environmental regulations impacting the coal, oil and gas industries. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 14, 2017: 11:16 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand Sears has 'substantial doubt' that it can survive Airline electronics ban: What you need to know Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until May 2018 with this card Top 7 credit cards for those with excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived The Motley Fool Paid Partner Trump's plan could make investors very wealthy This stock could be like buying Amazon for $3.19 Legendary tech investor boldly endorses one stock Motley Fool issues rare triple-buy alert Apple quietly leases 5,000 acre abandoned military base Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Terraza Stained Glass breathing new life into old artform News Maryland Baltimore City Playground planned to honor Malone family after tragic January fire Jessica AndersonContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun Bank donates new playground space to honor the Malone family after tragic January fire. After two of their classmates were killed in a fire, students at City Neighbors Charter School quickly set to work crafting small memorials with pictures and notes. Now, planning has begun on a permanent memorial. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is donating a home and land near the school to create a new playground to honor the Malone family, which lost six children in a blaze that engulfed their three-story home in January. "This pocket playground is going to be beautiful," said Bobbi Macdonald, director of the City Neighbors Foundation, which operates the school. "It was actually really a community effort. A lot of people were trying to figure out what to do with this house." The long-vacant white wood-frame home at 4310 Raspe Avenue across the street from the school will be torn down. Plans for the playground will be discussed in the coming months, Macdonald said, in the hope of completing it in the summer. Chase officials learned of the family's loss and convened a group of senior executives in the mortgage division, which decided to demolish the property and donate the land, a Chase spokeswoman said. Paying respects to Malone children People pay respects to the six Malone children who died in a fire in January. (Amy Davis, Baltimore Sun video) People pay respects to the six Malone children who died in a fire in January. (Amy Davis, Baltimore Sun video) See more videos "This land will serve a much greater purpose in the hands of City Neighbors and the Baltimore community," Peter Muriungi, Chase's head of Mortgage Servicing, said in a statement. "We are grateful to have played a small role in what will be a truly special place to honor a wonderful family." Chase purchased the 11,247-square-foot lot for $280,000 in 2013, according to records. The company will also cover the cost of demolishing the structure. Chase had offered the property to the family, whose home in the 4200 block of Springwood Ave. was destroyed in the blaze, but the Malones have said they do not plan to return to the neighborhood. The Malones did not respond to a request for comment. Macdonald said the family supports the project. "They felt like it would be the best kind of memorial for their children," she said. Six of the nine children of Bill and Katie Malone — Bridgette Anna, 11; Amelia Susan, 10; Amanda Claire, 3; Zoe Juliet, 3; William Francis IV, 2; and Daniel George, 9 months — died in the blaze. Malone's husband, Bill Malone, was not at home at the time of the fire. Bridgette was a sixth-grader and Amelia was a fourth-grader at City Neighbors. Erin Malone — who helped her mother pull her 4-year-old sister, Jane, and 5-year-old brother, Jack, from the fire — is a third-grader at the school. Jack is a kindergartner at the school. Both have returned to class, Macdonald said. "Our teachers, students and families are amazingly tight, strong — a loving community. Some days are hard, some go well. There's this feeling of together moving forward," Macdonald said. Baltimore fire spokeswoman Blair Adams said the cause of the fire remains under investigation. She declined to provide additional information on the investigation, including when it might be concluded. The school is planning a small ceremony on Monday to thank Chase officials, and then will work on raising additional funds for the property — which has large, old trees. "It really adds green space, a place for children to play," Macdonald said. "What better way to remember the children that were lost?" jkanderson@baltsun.com twitter.com/janders5 Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad JPMorgan Chase & Co. Friends, family, strangers pay respects to six Malone children who died in Northeast Baltimore fire Trust created to help pay expenses for Malone family, who lost six children in house fire Cardinal William Henry Keeler dead at 86 Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 30°
UP election resultsAssembly Election News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Fri, Mar 17 2017. 11 51 AM IST StanChart says Trump ‘assault’ on WTO may set trade back decades Standard Chartered says Donald Trump risks reversing decades of progress in globalization if he attacks the WTO or starts imposing border taxes on trading partners Subscribe to our newsletter. Chris KayStephen Morris Standard Chartered says if the WTO loses its effectiveness as a mediating trading body, it will be undoing 30 years of progress in global trade. Photo: Bloomberg Karachi/London: Standard Chartered Plc’s Bill Winters, who runs one of the biggest trade-finance banks in the world, said US President Donald Trump risks reversing decades of progress in globalization if he attacks the World Trade Organization or starts imposing border taxes on trading partners. Deep antagonism between the US and a given trading partner, or “a fundamental assault on the multilateral trading systems, the WTO most obviously—those would be very bad outcomes,” Winters, the former head of JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s investment bank, told reporters at Standard Chartered’s main office in Karachi, Pakistan, on Thursday. “If the WTO loses its effectiveness as a mediating trading body, it’ll be undoing 30 years of progress in global trade.” Winters, Standard Chartered’s 55-year-old chief executive officer, said last month that the bank was “war-gaming” trade disruptions that some of Trump’s policies could cause. The Asia-focused lender has a lot staked on the future of trade, as its executives are attempting to persuade investors they can restore revenue growth after years of missing targets and incurring fines for misconduct. The CEO reiterated he didn’t think a full-blown trade war was likely. He said the most probable actions taken by the US would include tariffs or other barriers against specific countries such as China and Mexico, causing little knock-on impact to the global economy. However, he said it’s hard to predict what could happen given the rhetoric used by Trump and his top advisers. “We could end up with something that’s closer to the narrative we heard during the election, especially with a much more aggressive border adjustment type system that has embedded in it substantial tariff barriers—we’re talking 20%, that’s very material,” Winters said. “Or a bilateral spat that gets out of control” with one of the US’s major trading partners, he said. If Trump does start a fight with China over trade, investment would be driven out of the US and Europe and into Asia, where China would take the lead role in a super-regional trade bloc, Winters said 24 February. China’s standing in Asia was already bolstered when the US pulled out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, he said. “In the short term those sorts of scenarios could be bad for us,” Winters said. “Can the rest of intra-Asian, South Asian, African, Middle East trade offset the decrease from the US? No. The US is the biggest market in the world by far, certainly the biggest importer in the world by far. It would be damaging to the world economy, it would be damaging to the economies in this region.” Bloomberg Chris KayStephen Morris Topics: Standard Chartered Donald Trump WTO StanChart Global Trade More From Livemint READ MORE Govt removes 1% tax on cash purchase above Rs2 lakh Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives First Published: Fri, Mar 17 2017. 11 51 AM IST Editor's Picks How the London attack unfolded at the heart of UK government Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar D-Mart listing Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart, Paytm for a potential sale Latest News Shinzo Abe’s wife Akie accused of giving cash-filled envelope in real estate scandal Donald Trump fights for US healthcare bill, makes headway with conservatives Amid deepening ties, Chinese troops join Pakistan Day parade Gold prices edge up on sustained buying Kerala government faces backlash over commuting prison sentence Mint On Sunday Rape laws: A call for change Where now are the bindis of yesteryear? Muhammad bin Tughlaq: The Sultan of Swing A Bengali in Assam The creativity of the productive and the insane TOP GAINERSTOP MUTUAL FUNDSMOST ACTIVE VALUE AND VOLUME Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Iwg Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Iwg Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Iwg Plc (RGU) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Iwg Plc (LON:RGU) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight analysts that are covering the firm. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 339.17 ($4.15). Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Citigroup Inc reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Iwg Plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 280 ($3.42) price target on shares of Iwg Plc in a report on Thursday, November 24th. Shares of Iwg Plc (LON:RGU) opened at 240.72 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 235.11 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 276.67. Iwg Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 223.50 and a 52 week high of GBX 336.50. Your IP Address: Iwg Plc Company Profile IWG Plc is a Jersey-based workspace company. The Company operates under the Regus, Regus Express, Spaces, Signature, Kora and Open Office brands and provides a global network of places to work for all kinds of businesses from home-based workers to corporations. The Company focuses on both single location and integrated national networks and also provides sales and management services. Receive News & Ratings for Iwg Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Iwg Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Next » 28,754 Shares in Altria Group Inc (MO) Acquired by Pacad Investment Ltd. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Global Blood Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (GBT) Receives $51.01 Consensus PT from Brokerages Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of Global Blood Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:GBT) have earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the ten ratings firms that are currently covering the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation and nine have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $51.44. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Roth Capital set a $47.00 price target on Global Blood Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Global Blood Therapeutics from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Cowen and Company restated a “buy” rating on shares of Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Finally, Nomura assumed coverage on Global Blood Therapeutics in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Your IP Address: Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) opened at 36.90 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $25.85 and its 200-day moving average price is $20.00. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.61 billion. Global Blood Therapeutics has a 12 month low of $12.24 and a 12 month high of $39.65. Global Blood Therapeutics (NASDAQ:GBT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, March 13th. The company reported ($0.74) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.64) by $0.10. During the same period last year, the company posted ($0.53) earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Global Blood Therapeutics will post ($2.76) EPS for the current fiscal year. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in Global Blood Therapeutics by 1.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 49,739 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,147,000 after buying an additional 775 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 289,984 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,174,000 after buying an additional 4,024 shares in the last quarter. TLP Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics during the third quarter worth $111,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 53.3% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 20,744 shares of the company’s stock worth $478,000 after buying an additional 7,212 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Global Blood Therapeutics by 4.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 185,305 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,272,000 after buying an additional 8,450 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 56.36% of the company’s stock. Global Blood Therapeutics Company Profile Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. The Company’s segment is engaged in discovering, developing and commercializing therapeutics to treat blood-based disorders. Receive News & Ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Global Blood Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Lennar Co. (LEN) Receives $53.84 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Next » Short Interest in SPDR Barclays Capital Convertible SecETF (CWB) Decreases By 39.1% Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Abcam Plc’s (ABC) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd T2 Biosystems Inc (TTOO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Tuesday Morning Co. (TUES) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Now Covered by Morgan Stanley Zacks: SPX Co. (SPXC) Given $23.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Aceto Co. (ACET) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Analysts Noah Holdings Limited (NOAH) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Brokerages Insider Selling: Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc (DPH) Insider Sells 3,500 Shares of Stock Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Insider Sells C$8,754,000.00 in Stock David F. Burgstahler Sells 3,000,000 Shares of Lantheus Holdings Inc (LNTH) Stock Centrica PLC (CNA) Receives “Underperform” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Whitman Howard Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Carr's Group PLC (CARR) Plantronics Inc (PLT) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Vesuvius Plc (VSVS) Brokers Set Expectations for Continental Resources, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CLR) Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Earns Outperform Rating from Leerink Swann ARC Document Solutions Inc (ARC) Earns “Buy” Rating from B. Riley Booz Allen Hamilton Holding’s (BAH) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Vertical Group Morgan Stanley (MS) Short Interest Update March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) saw a significant growth in short interest in February. As of February 28th, there was short interest totalling 18,688,563 shares, a growth of 23.6% from the February 15th total of 15,115,884 shares. Based on an average trading volume of 9,961,888 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 1.9 days. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) opened at 45.02 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $84.01 billion, a PE ratio of 15.41 and a beta of 1.80. Morgan Stanley has a 52-week low of $23.11 and a 52-week high of $47.33. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $45.44 and a 200-day moving average price of $39.39. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.81 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.65 by $0.16. Morgan Stanley had a net margin of 15.76% and a return on equity of 8.48%. The company had revenue of $9 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.51 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.43 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 16.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Morgan Stanley will post $3.39 EPS for the current year. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Morgan Stanley from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price target on Morgan Stanley from $34.00 to $43.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Atlantic Securities upgraded Morgan Stanley from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $27.00 to $44.00 in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Guggenheim restated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Sunday, December 4th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and seventeen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Morgan Stanley has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.09. In other Morgan Stanley news, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 284,827 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.30, for a total value of $12,048,182.10. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now directly owns 1,346,700 shares in the company, valued at $56,965,410. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Eric F. Grossman sold 17,562 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.14, for a total value of $740,062.68. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 242,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,202,094. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 506,897 shares of company stock valued at $21,781,793 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MS. Stifel Financial Corp boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 38.8% in the second quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 139,660 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,630,000 after buying an additional 39,039 shares during the last quarter. Madison Investment Holdings Inc. bought a new stake in Morgan Stanley during the second quarter worth $462,000. Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 5.3% in the second quarter. Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV now owns 22,690 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $589,000 after buying an additional 1,150 shares during the last quarter. Fjarde AP Fonden Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 3.8% in the second quarter. Fjarde AP Fonden Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund now owns 343,305 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,919,000 after buying an additional 12,595 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 2.7% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 4,236,710 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $110,070,000 after buying an additional 112,263 shares during the last quarter. 85.87% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Your IP Address: About Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rudolph Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rudolph Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Johnson Matthey PLC (JMAT) PT at $3,348.30 Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital FinnCap Boosts Quixant PLC (QXT) Price Target to GBX 415 Beaufort Securities Reiterates “Speculative Buy” Rating for Solo Oil PLC (SOLO) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Primo Water Co. Issued By Barrington Research (PRMW) First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Receives $29.35 Average PT from Analysts Carlsberg A/S (CABGY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages BNP Paribas SA (BNP) PT Set at €66.00 by Citigroup Inc Barclays PLC Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €171.00 Price Target Canadian Metals Inc Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share (CME) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Jamba, Inc. Issued By Wedbush (JMBA) Richard P. Teets, Jr. Sells 140,295 Shares of Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Stock Eugene F. Reilly Sells 70,000 Shares of Prologis Inc (PLD) Stock Chromadex Corp (CDXC) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Stock Rating Upgraded by Wells Fargo & Co Impala Platinum Holdings Limited (IMPUY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sinclair Pharma PLC (SPH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Enquest Plc (ENQ) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €83.00 Price Target Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Receives $23.50 Consensus Target Price from Analysts March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Rudolph Technologies Inc (NYSE:RTEC) have received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the six analysts that are currently covering the company. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $23.50. RTEC has been the topic of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Rudolph Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded shares of Rudolph Technologies from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of Rudolph Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $19.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 target price on shares of Rudolph Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Rudolph Technologies (NYSE:RTEC) opened at 22.45 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $22.06 and its 200 day moving average is $20.30. Rudolph Technologies has a 12-month low of $12.84 and a 12-month high of $24.90. The stock has a market capitalization of $701.29 million, a PE ratio of 19.35 and a beta of 1.31. Rudolph Technologies (NYSE:RTEC) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.21 EPS for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.21. The business had revenue of $54.10 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $54.17 million. Rudolph Technologies had a net margin of 15.87% and a return on equity of 9.44%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.16 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Rudolph Technologies will post $1.12 EPS for the current fiscal year. Your IP Address: In other news, VP Steven D. Gardner sold 7,406 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.67, for a total value of $160,488.02. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 51,066 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,106,600.22. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 4.60% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 621.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 277,101 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,916,000 after buying an additional 238,685 shares in the last quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 239.8% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 320,615 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,487,000 after buying an additional 226,253 shares in the last quarter. First Quadrant L P CA boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 811.2% in the third quarter. First Quadrant L P CA now owns 215,944 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,831,000 after buying an additional 192,244 shares in the last quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 41.4% in the third quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. now owns 611,731 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,852,000 after buying an additional 179,249 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Rudolph Technologies by 8.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,179,673 shares of the company’s stock worth $38,667,000 after buying an additional 168,039 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 97.70% of the company’s stock. About Rudolph Technologies Rudolph Technologies, Inc (Rudolph) is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and support of defect inspection, packaging lithography, thin film metrology, and data analysis systems and software used by microelectronics device manufacturers. The Company operates in a segment of the design, development, manufacture and support of process control defect inspection and metrology; packaging lithography, and data analysis systems and software used by microelectronics device manufacturers. Receive News & Ratings for Rudolph Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rudolph Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Viewpoint Building the Business Your Clients Desire In the world of financial advisory practices, the chief drivers of enterprise value are organizational not financial By Ray Sclafani Biography March 18, 2017 1:21 a.m. ET Apple and Google, the world’s most valuable brands, attained their status by delivering products and services that their clients desire, rather than what they need. Prior to Apple’s launch of the iPod, for instance, the average consumer only dreamed of carrying his entire music library in his pocket. There is a lesson here for financial advisors: the importance of building enterprise value. The economics scholars among you might remember the formula for enterprise value: market cap plus debt, minority interest, and... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canadian Solar Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) will be releasing its earnings data before the market opens on Tuesday, March 21st. Analysts expect Canadian Solar to post earnings of $0.32 per share for the quarter. Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) opened at 13.74 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $13.42 and a 200-day moving average of $13.07. The stock has a market capitalization of $793.87 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 5.73 and a beta of 2.78. Canadian Solar Inc. has a 52 week low of $10.25 and a 52 week high of $20.60. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Canadian Solar from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $15.36 to $16.00 in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Canadian Solar from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Guggenheim reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Canadian Solar in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. FBR & Co cut shares of Canadian Solar from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $23.00 to $12.00 in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Finally, Roth Capital reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $11.00 target price (down from $20.00) on shares of Canadian Solar in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $19.49. A hedge fund recently raised its stake in Canadian Solar stock. State Street Corp boosted its position in Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) by 7.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 18,931 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,307 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Canadian Solar were worth $230,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Institutional investors own 36.88% of the company’s stock. Your IP Address: About Canadian Solar Canadian Solar Inc is a solar power company. The Company is a provider of solar power products, services and system solutions with operations in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, Australia and Asia. Its segments include module segment, energy development segment and electricity generation segment. Receive News & Ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Risks of rising protectionism threaten ASX investors’ upbeat mood By admin in Uncategorized March 19, 2017 Local shares are poised to start the week lower, with the threat of rising protectionism likely to sour the mood.However, as the week progresses, a raft of speeches by central bankers – both here and overseas – may add to growing optimism around global growth and inflation. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The ASX is set for a cautious start. Photo: AFR ASX futures closed down 13 points though over the weekend as financials, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan, slumped in New York. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slipped 0.1 per cent to 2378, limiting its weekly gain to 0.2 per cent.US listed shares of BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto added 0.7 per cent and 0.2 per cent respectively, with recent outsize gains for shares in both companies moderating as the spot price of iron ore dipped 0.3 per cent to $US92.34 a tonne, while iron ore futures on the Dalian Commodity Exchanged moved up 0.3 per cent.It’s unclear how investors will interpret the Group of 20 statement. The world’s top finance ministers, including Australia’s Treasurer Scott Morrison, as well as the world’s top central bankers met in Germany for two days.They acquiesced to the US in dropping a long-standing reference to free and open global trade and the risk of a “global growth shock” as a result of rising protectionism may prove an increasing worry to investors.  Advertisement “Candidate Trump advocated an activist trade policy, and President Trump is attempting to implement this,” Macquarie Wealth Management analysts wrote ahead of the G20 meeting. “These policies could lead to a global growth shock,” the chance of which is as high as 40-50 per cent, the analysts believe.Over the next few weeks, there will be a keen focus on the setting of contract prices for both thermal and metallurgical coal. In a March 15 report, Macquarie Wealth Management said its current forecast for thermal coal is $US87.5 a tonne, or roughly $US26 a tonne higher than current levels. “Producers will be keen to get this settled before Chinese coal demand seasonally weakens in April,” the analysts said.As for met coal, used in steel-making, Macquarie sees $US175 a tonne, “although we expect achieved prices for producers to come in well below this, even after adjusting for quality.””One potential factor to watch is the Chinese domestic hard coking coal price, which after a period of stability is now dropping quickly, with expectations from our China trip earlier this month of a further 10–15 per cent decline over the coming couple of months.”On the central… Post navigation Frontrunner for East Timor presidency offers Australia hope on oilfields deal Hampton Park milk bar couple endure harrowing armed attack Search for: Recent Posts Men! Hit the gym for better bone health Exclusive: Sanjay Dutt secretly signs Milan Luthria’s next? This Infrared Heat Lamp Keeps Your Hands Warm as You Type Salman Khan and Amy Jackson make one HOT pair and this video is PROOF! ‘Sufism is neither austere nor does it dominate. It assimilates’ Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
“No warning can save people determined to grow suddenly rich” – Lord Overstone Home Articles Authors Search About Us HOME / Articles / Adam Taggart / Banks Are Evil Banks Are Evil By: Adam Taggart | Sat, Mar 18, 2017 Share Print Email It's time to get painfully honest about this I don't talk to my classmates from business school anymore, many of whom went to work in the financial industry. Why? Because, through the lens we use here at PeakProsperity.com to look at the world, I've increasingly come to see the financial industry -- with the big banks at its core -- as the root cause of injustice in today's society. I can no longer separate any personal affections I might have for my fellow alumni from the evil that their companies perpetrate. And I'm choosing that word deliberately: Evil. In my opinion, it's long past time we be brutally honest about the banks. Their influence and reach has metastasized to the point where we now live under a captive system. From our retirement accounts, to our homes, to the laws we live under -- the banks control it all. And they run the system for their benefit, not ours. While the banks spent much of the past century consolidating their power, the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act in 1999 emboldened them to accelerate their efforts. Since then, the key trends in the financial industry have been to dismantle regulation and defang those responsible for enforcing it, to manipulate market prices (an ambition tremendously helped by the rise of high-frequency trading algorithms), and to push downside risk onto "muppets" and taxpayers. Oh, and of course, this hasn't hurt either: having the ability to print up trillions in thin-air money and then get first-at-the-trough access to it. Don't forget, the Federal Reserve is made up of and run by -- drum roll, please -- the banks. How much 'thin air' money are we talking about? The Fed and the rest of the world's central banking cartel has printed over $12 Trillion since the Great Recession. Between the ECB and the DOJ, nearly $200 Billion of additional liquidity has been -- and continues to be -- injected into world markets each month(!) since the beginning of 2016: With their first-in-line access to this money tsunami, as well as their stranglehold on the financial system that it all runs through, the banks are like a parasite feasting from a gusher on the mother-lode artery. It should come as little surprise that, with all this advantage they've amassed, the banks have enriched themselves and their cronies spectacularly. They have made themselves too big to fail, and too big to jail. Remember that their reckless greed caused the 2008 financial crisis, and yet, in 2009, not only did bankers avoid criminal prosecutions, not only did the banks receive hundreds of billions in government bailouts, but they paid themselves record bonuses? And the bonanza continues unabated today. By being able to borrow capital for essentially free today from the Fed, the banks simply lever that money up and buy Treasurys. Voila! Risk-free profits. That giveaway has been going on for years. Couple that with the banks' ability to push market prices around using their wide arsenal of unfair tactics -- frontrunning, HFT spoofing and quote stuffing, stop-running, insider knowledge, collusion, etc -- the list is long. James Howard Kunstler is dead on: we don't have a free market anymore. Instead, we have rackets, run by racketeers. The rest of us are simply suckers to be fleeced. Nobel Prize-winning economist Angus Deaton recently agreed: Income inequality is not killing capitalism in the United States, but rent-seekers like the banking and the health-care sectors just might, said Nobel-winning economist Angus Deaton on Monday. If an entrepreneur invents something on the order of another Facebook, Deaton said he has no problem with that person becoming wealthy. "What is not OK is for rent-seekers to get rich," Deaton said in a luncheon speech to the National Association for Business Economics. Rent seekers lobby and persuade governments to give them special favors. Bankers during the financial crisis, and much of the health-care system, are two prime examples, Deaton said. Rent-seeking not only does not generate new product, it actually slows down economic growth, Deaton said. "All that talent is devoted to stealing things, instead of making things," he said. Marketwatch As further proof, let's look at this data recently obtained by Zero Hedge. In the past 4 years, JP Morgan's in-house trading group has had exactly 2 days of losses: That's not trading. Trading involves uncertainty and risk. This situation has none. It's an extraction process -- siphoning value from the market day after day with ironclad dependability. And it's not just a few dollars here and there. In 2016, JP Morgan's daily average trading revenues were $80 million. Per day! That's nearly $20 billion for the year. So if not "trading", what should we call it when a bank can extract tens of billions of dollars a year from the markets, with no downside risk? "Sanctioned theft" sounds about right. Because for every trade there is a buyer and a seller. If JP Morgan is the winner every day, who is losing? Turns out, it's the big pools of "dumb money" that don't have the cheat codes for the system the way the banks do. These are the pension funds, the index funds, the retirement accounts -- the aggregated money of all the 'little people' out there. Little people who don't have visibility into how they're being constantly fleeced; nor do they have agency to do anything about it even if they did. So yeah, "theft" feels like a pretty accurate term. And it has reached the point where the banks don't even care about hiding it anymore. If you had a nice inside racket going on, wouldn't you at least pretend to hide your advantage, to avoid drawing attention? Not the banks. They're either too proud or too obtuse to conceal it. Look at our string of perfect trading days! Look at our record bonuses! These boasts fall on the ears of everyday Americans as the modern version of Let them eat cake! And just like the out-of-touch French monarchs, the banks have positioned themselves as the enemy of the public. For as I claimed at the beginning of this article, a tremendous amount of the injustice in this country can be laid at the feet of the banks directly, or indirectly via the Federal Reserve. Are you a senior who can't afford to retire because you can't live off your fixed-income savings? Thank the Fed's 0% interest rates for that. Are you a millennial who can't afford to buy a home? Again, thank the Fed's policy of suppressing interest rates and thereby blowing another housing bubble. Are you struggling to get out of poverty? Are you finding it hard to remain in the middle class? Whatever your income, are you having to work harder and harder to just stay in the same place? See here how the Fed's money printing, and the banks' first-position access to it, has created the most concentrated imbalance of wealth in our country's history: Are you frustrated with how our lawmakers seem to serve corporations instead of the people? Listen to this mind-blowing podcast of how gobs of lobbyist money, much of it provided by Wall Street, dictates how our politicians legislate:  Click here to launch podcast Whether it's social equity, the security of your job or retirement, your day-to-day existence, or the fairness of the laws we live under -- our fate is currently in the hands of the banks. And, of course, should their behavior trigger another meltdown of the global economy -- something we warn about often here at PeakProsperity.com -- we'll have them to thank for that, too. Yes, the banks are going to keep writing the rules in their favor; and yes, there's little agency any of us has individually to do much about it. But as a society, we need to start addressing the dire situation we're in honestly and openly. By whatever path, we have granted the banks far too much control over our lives, and they are taking gross advantage of that. Exactly like a parasite, the banking system is siphoning off our wealth and limiting our freedoms and future prospects -- all for the benefit of an elite few.  That's wrong. It's immoral. And it's Evil. It's far beyond time to call a spade and spade. The path to change always begins with an accurate assessment of the problem. We need to start using accurate language  -- like "evil" -- when discussing the harm we're being subjected to. We need to make it clear to our elected officials and to our communities that we understand what the banks are doing and that we find it unacceptable.  We need to make the criticism specific and personal. To JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon. To Fed Chair Janet Yellen. We need to turn up the heat on the perpetrating decision-makers, so that the borg-like structure of the banking system no longer serves as a deflective shield to scrutiny and criticism. These people need to feel the disapproving stares when speaking to the public. They need to hear the disdainful boos, and see their faces on the protest signs and nightly media reports. And if you yourself work in the financial system, I'll be blunt. You're part of the problem. Just like my former classmates, I'm sure you're a very nice person in many ways -- but you're complicit in the banks' rapaciousness. I know it's not pleasant to hear, or admit. I worked for an investment bank for a few years early on in my career. I was part of the problem, too. But we have a choice, both as individuals and as a society, to align our actions with our values. It's not always easy. And likely not as profitable if you indeed end up leaving the financial industry (as I can tell you from personal experience). But it's the only way we'll ultimately gain back control of our destiny. Look, the banks' dominion is going to end one day. Either due to collapsing under the weight of the stupendous amount of debt they've helped laden our economy with, or due to an uprising from the bottom 99% once it has become fully destitute. Neither path is appealing. So our best choice here as individuals is to position ourselves where we can be least subjected to the game the banks want to force us to play.  The 3-part series we've just concluded: The Mother Of All Financial Bubbles, The Coming Great Wealth Transfer, and When This All Blows Up offers our best guidance for preserving wealth from the predation of the bankers. If you haven't read them yet, make that your weekend reading assignment. Finally, as a society, we need to wake up and make some hard, courageous choices. Obviously, the banks will not relinquish their control willingly. But if we start speaking truthfully and openly about the evil we're dealing with, we'll start fearing it less. It's time for us all to speak up.     Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Author: Adam Taggart Adam Taggart Peak Prosperity Adam is the President and Co-Founder of Peak Prosperity. Basically, his job is to handle the business side of things so that Chris is free to think & write. Adam is an experienced Silicon Valley internet executive and Stanford MBA. Prior to partnering with Chris (Adam was General Manager of the earlier site, ChrisMartenson.com), Adam was a Vice President at Yahoo!, a company he served for nine years. Before that he did the 'startup thing' (mySimon.com, sold to CNET in 2001). As a fresh-faced college graduate, he got a first-hand look at all that was broken with Wall Street as an investment banking analyst. Most important, he's a devoted husband and dad. Copyright © 2013-2017 Peak Prosperity All Images, XHTML Renderings, and Source Code Copyright © Safehaven.com Great Resources BLOOMBERG CBS MARKETWATCH CNBC CNN MONEY NASDAQ COMMUNITY OIL PRICE SILICON INVESTOR SMART MONEY THE STREET YAHOO FINANCE   ARMSTRONG ECONOMICS CREDIT BUBBLE BULLETIN PETER SCHIFF PEAK PROSPERITY FALLSTREET BIGCHARTS STOCKCHARTS BULLANDBEARWISE SHARELYNX   MAJOR US INDICES WORLD MARKETS FX STREET FOREX TRADING GLOBEX KITCO BONDHEADS STOCK MAVEN   More links >>> About Safehaven Who is Safehaven? Disclaimer Contact Us Connect with Safehaven Follow @SafehavenDotCom Circle Us Please Read Our Disclaimer © 2000-2017 SafeHaven.com
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 38° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mostly sunny. High 52F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy this evening, then becoming cloudy after midnight. Low 38F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: March 22, 2017 @ 8:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 The Associated Press In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/D. Pickoff, File) Michael C. York David Rockefeller smiles as he greets family and friends at a ceremony, Friday, May 22, 2015, in Mount Desert, Maine, marking the gift of 1,000 acres of woodlands, streams, hiking trails and carriage roads abutting Acadia National Park. Rockefeller, the retired CEO of Chase Manhattan Bank and grandson of oil tycoon John Rockefeller Sr., is transferring family property at Little Long Pond in Seal Harbor to the Mount Desert Island & Garden Preserve, describing it as a "gift to all the people of Maine." (AP Photo/Michael C. York) David Rockefeller, last of generation in family, dies at 101 By Deepti Hajela Associated Press Mar 20, 2017 (…) The Associated Press In this April 31, 1981, file photo, David Rockefeller poses for a photograph. The billionaire philanthropist who was the last of his generation in the famously philanthropic Rockefeller family died, Monday, March 20, 2017, according to a family spokesman. (AP Photo/D. Pickoff, File) Michael C. York David Rockefeller smiles as he greets family and friends at a ceremony, Friday, May 22, 2015, in Mount Desert, Maine, marking the gift of 1,000 acres of woodlands, streams, hiking trails and carriage roads abutting Acadia National Park. Rockefeller, the retired CEO of Chase Manhattan Bank and grandson of oil tycoon John Rockefeller Sr., is transferring family property at Little Long Pond in Seal Harbor to the Mount Desert Island & Garden Preserve, describing it as a "gift to all the people of Maine." (AP Photo/Michael C. York) Updated at 3:25 p.m. NEW YORK • David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that "touched and lifted innumerable lives," Rockefeller's "connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties — yours truly certainly included," said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a "wonderful friend" to him and his wife, Barbara. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business Under Rockefeller, Chase — now known as JPMorgan Chase — was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. "Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad," former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. "His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more." Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children — David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Business General News Obituaries David Rockefeller Politics Economics Institutes View (…) comments Most popular St. Louis office market looks the best it has in years, but clouds on horizon for some areas J.C. Penney lists store closings — and St. Louis dodges a bullet St. Louis women make inroads into male-dominated liquor business Last historic Pevely building to be demolished, making way for SLU campus expansion Not much saving going on in Health Savings Accounts Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Please, no trade war with Mexico, Midwest farmers plead Sears raises doubts about ability to continue as going concern Akzo Nobel rejects PPG's sweetened $24 billion takeover bid Pittsburgh Pipe plans to grow to 50 employees at new building Ally profit warning deepens concern over slumping used-car prices Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Tickets on sale now for the 2017 Women of Achievement Luncheon. You could be featured in the Post-Dispatch and STLtoday.com and win $50! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News West Virginia Floods Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Elections Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports High School Basketball Scores Big Race Daytona High School Sports Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports College Sports West Virginia Illustrated Video Community Coupon Bug Hidden History Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us Guardian of Rockefeller fortune, philanthropy dies at 101 Posted: Monday, March 20, 2017 10:46 AM EDT Updated: Monday, March 20, 2017 4:56 PM EDT By DEEPTI HAJELA Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) - David Rockefeller was the last of his generation in a famous American family that taught its children that wealth brings great responsibility. Even as children, he and his siblings had to set aside portions of their allowances for charitable giving. That lesson lasted throughout his life; to mark his 100th birthday in 2015, Rockefeller gave 1,000 acres of land next to a national park to the state of Maine. Rockefeller died Monday in his sleep at his home in Pocantico Hills at age 101, according to his spokesman, Fraser P. Seitel. He was the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller and the youngest of five sons and one daughter born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. He was also the guardian of his family's fortune and head of a sprawling network of family interests, both business and philanthropic, that ranged from environmental conservation to the arts. Unlike his brothers Nelson, the governor of New York who hungered for the White House and was briefly vice president, and Winthrop, a governor of Arkansas, David Rockefeller wielded power and influence without ever seeking public office. Among his many accomplishments were spurring the project that led to the World Trade Center. "No individual has contributed more to the commercial and civic life of New York City over a longer period of time than David Rockefeller," said Michael Bloomberg, a former mayor and fellow billionaire. "I have long admired his commitment to the city, which began with a dollar-a-year job working as a secretary to Mayor Fiorello La Guardia. During my time in City Hall, he was always there for the city when we called." Unlike his other brothers, John D. 3rd and Laurance, who shied from the spotlight and were known for philanthropy, David Rockefeller embraced business and traveled and spoke widely as a champion of enlightened capitalism. "American capitalism has brought more benefits to more people than any other system in any part of the world at any time in history," he said. "The problem is to see that the system is run as efficiently and as honestly as it can be." Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. He served in the Army during World War II, then began climbing the ranks of management at Chase Bank. That bank merged with the Manhattan company in 1955. He was named Chase Manhattan's president in 1961 and chairman and CEO eight years later. He retired in 1981 at age 65 after a 35-year career. In his role of business statesman, Rockefeller preached capitalism at home and favored assisting economies abroad on grounds that bringing prosperity to the Third World would create customers for American products. He parted company with some of his fellow capitalists on income taxes, calling it unseemly to earn a million and then find ways to avoid paying the taxes. He didn't say how much he paid in taxes, and he never spoke publicly about his personal worth. In 2015, Forbes magazine estimated his fortune at $3 billion. As one of the Rockefeller grandchildren, David belonged to the last generation in which the inherited family billions were concentrated in a few hands. The next generation, known as "the cousins," are more numerous. Rockefeller was estimated to have met more than 200 rulers in more than 100 countries during his lifetime, and often was treated as if he were a visiting head of state. In addition to the philanthropy that "touched and lifted innumerable lives," Rockefeller's "connections and keen aptitude for issues made him a valuable adviser to presidents of both parties - yours truly certainly included," said former President George H.W. Bush. He said Rockefeller was a "wonderful friend" to him and his wife, Barbara. Under Rockefeller, Chase - now known as JPMorgan Chase - was the first U.S. bank to open offices in the Soviet Union and China and, in 1974, the first to open an office in Egypt after the Suez crisis of 1956. In his early travels to South Africa, Rockefeller arranged clandestine meetings with several underground black leaders. "I find it terribly important to get overall impressions beyond those I get from businessmen," he said. But Rockefeller took a lot of heat for his bank's substantial dealings with South Africa's white separatist regime and for helping the deposed, terminally ill Shah of Iran come to New York for medical treatment in 1979, the move that triggered the 13-month U.S. embassy hostage crisis in Tehran. Rockefeller maintained the family's patronage of the arts, including its long-standing relationship with the Museum of Modern Art, which his mother had been a fervent patron of. His private art collection was once valued at $500 million. The Rockefeller estate at Kykuit, overlooking the Hudson River north of New York City, is the repository of four generations of family history, including Nelson's art and sculpture collection. One of the major efforts of Rockefeller's later years was directed at restoring family influence in the landmark Rockefeller Center, most of which had been sold in the 1980s to Japanese investors. He eventually organized an investor group to buy back 45 percent of the property. His philanthropy and other activities earned him a Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, in 1998. "Throughout his life he used his fame and fortune to do good here and abroad," former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said in a statement. "His tremendous support of arts and humanities in America gave millions of people in communities across the country the opportunity to experience our great heritage of painting, dance, music, and so much more." Rockefeller and his wife, the former Margaret McGrath, were married in 1940 and had six children - David Jr., Richard, Abby, Neva, Margaret and Eileen. His wife, an active conservationist, died in 1996. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 23, 9:45 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe World Panetta Voices Dire Concerns Of Cyberwarfare Against US By Amrutha Gayathri @AmruthaGayathri On 10/12/12 AT 2:15 AM Close U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta warned Thursday that the nation was faced with a dire cyber threat from foreign actors targeting computer control systems that operate chemical, electricity and water plants and those that guide transportation. Addressing a gathering of business leaders in New York, Panetta said the U.S. military could act preemptively if threats are detected which U.S. officials identified as originating from China, Russia, Iran and militant groups. “An aggressor nation or extremist group could use these kinds of cyber tools to gain control of critical switches,” Panetta was quoted by the New York Times. “They could derail passenger trains, or even more dangerous, derail passenger trains loaded with lethal chemicals. They could contaminate the water supply in major cities, or shut down the power grid across large parts of the country.” Defence Secretary Leon Panetta Photo: Reuters “We know of specific instances where intruders have successfully gained access to these control systems. We also know that they are seeking to create advanced tools to attack these systems and cause panic, and destruction, and even the loss of life," Panetta said. He lamented under-investment by the U.S. private sector and political deadlock that stymied cyber security legislation, adding that a presidential executive order was being considered “while we wait for Congress to act,” Reuters reported. Panetta said the "Shamoon" virus that attacked Saudi Arabia's state oil company ARAMCO in August was probably the most destructive attack the business sector has seen to date, adding that the sophisticated virus replaced crucial system files with an image of a burning U.S. flag. "More than 30,000 computers that it infected (at ARAMCO) were rendered useless and had to be replaced," he said. He said the virus included a routine called a "wiper," coded to self-execute, which overwrote all the real data on the machine with garbage data. "Imagine the impact an attack like this would have on your company," Panetta said, calling for steps to bolster the nation's cyber defenses. Six major U.S. banks came under a wave of cyber attacks in late September, by a group claiming Middle Eastern ties, causing blackouts and delays in Internet banking. Customers of Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo and PNC could not access their accounts or pay bills online, after the banks suffered denial of service attacks, in which hackers bombard a website with hits until its server goes offline due to overload. A hacker group called Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Cyber Fighters took credit for the attacks in online posts saying the attacks were in retaliation for an anti-Islamic video produced in the U.S which had resulted in protests among Muslims across the world. According to a Politico report Oct. 1, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney downplayed a report that Chinese hackers had infiltrated a secure national security network used to control nuclear codes, saying the perpetrators breached an "unclassified" system. There is "no indication whatsoever that exfiltration of data" occurred, he was quoted saying by Politico. Such attacks, he added, "are not infrequent." Panetta said “potential aggressors should be aware that the U.S. has the capacity to locate them and to hold them accountable for actions that may try to harm America," adding the Pentagon was finalizing the most comprehensive change to the rules of engagement in cyberspace in seven years. According to a Reuters report, an unnamed U.S. official said Washington knew who carried out the attacks cited in Panetta's speech, but declined to disclose that information. Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business De Beers Group Buys Larger Share Of Jewelry Brand De Beers Group announced that it bought LVMH's 50 percent shareholding in De Beers Diamond Jewelers. Technology Bitcoin Scams On The Rise, Report Says Cybersecurity firm ZeroFOX found a massive spike in scams related to the cryptocurrency in March, all of which exploit the unique characteristics of Bitcoin that are supposed to make it secure. World South Sudan, Haiti, Ukraine Worst Countries To Live: Report The three countries also scored low on the U.N. world happiness rankings for 2016. Ukraine was no. 132, Haiti came in at no. 145 and South Sudan was no. 147. National Texas Teen Admits Making Up Gang Rape Breana Talbott Harmon told police she had been abducted and sexually assaulted by three masked black men before recanting her story. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TWTR Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More FireEye (FEYE) surges 7% on Goldman Sachs upgrade >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > General Electric Company (GE): Should Nelson Peltz Just Quit? Peltz thinks ridding the company of CEO Jeffrey Immelt will spark GE stock, but something's missing there By Will Ashworth, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 20, 2017, 9:13 am EDT Get GE alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: 3 Ways Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Can Reach $500 and Beyond The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy Jim Simons Owns Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD): Should You? Recent Posts: The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy Embrace Lululemon Athletica Inc. (LULU) Stock’s Volatility Should Facebook Inc Just Buy Snap Inc.? View All Posts The recent news that Nelson Peltz was putting pressure on General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) CEO Jeffrey Immelt after missed a number of key performance benchmarks put a charge in GE stock, rising to a one-month high on the possible (forced) retirement of its long-time chief executive. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) However, opinions are divided on how exactly to get General Electric shares moving again. Some believe it’s time for Immelt to step aside and retire — four years early. Others believe the CEO isn’t the problem, and that General Electric is simply too big a company operating in a number of low-growth industries that can’t grow earnings fast enough to generate higher multiples to move GE stock higher. Who is right? Well, that’s the billion-dollar question. What we do know is that Nelson Peltz paid approximately $25 a share over several months in 2015 for 90.6 million shares of GE stock — a stake the activist investor has since trimmed to 67.4 million shares. Peltz has made 19% on his investment through March 16; the same investment in the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (NYSEARCA:SPY) would have made 15.9% from June 30, 2015, through March 16 — a period of time I’m using because Peltz’s original purchases were in the second quarter of the 2015 calendar year. So, he hasn’t done badly, but now it’s put up or shut up time. GE stock is at an inflection point; Peltz must decide whether to carry on or retreat with profits in hand. Should Immelt Get the Ax? If JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) analyst Stephen Tusa was in charge of this decision — he’d sell. “Facts are cash is weak, margins/share of customer wallet are already at entitlement, the sum of the parts valuation points to a low 20s stock price, not even considering tax and GE corporate accounting dis-synergies, with businesses that are too big to be take-outs,” Tusa recently remarked in Barron’s. According to Tusa, there’s a very real possibility that Peltz could see all of his profits disappear in the not-too-distant future. That’s where the idea of replacing Immelt comes in. The markets don’t seem to be buying the GE turnaround story, but they do seem to like Peltz’s saber rattling. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/general-electric-company-ge-stock-should-nelson-peltz-just-quit/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Low-Risk Healthcare Picks 5 Blue Chips That Will Get the Selloff's Worst 3 Energy ETFs to Play the Crash in Crude Oil 3 Shale Gas Stocks That Will Win With or Without OPEC Sears Holdings Admits It’s a Giant Tire Fire Apple's iPad Strategy Is Sneakier Than You Think ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) The 5 Best ETFs to Buy If You Want to Own Bank Stocks 3 Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy in a Bull Market Why the Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Comeback Is Just Beginning Most Popular 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months The 7 Best Low-Risk Healthcare Stocks to Buy 5 Big Financial Stocks That Just Got Leveled (And What to Do Next) Trade of the Day: Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (ABX) Stock Is Shining 10 Clobbered Stocks to Buy That Are About to Get Red-Hot Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock: The Best Place to Buy This Plunge Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Finance Tech Politics Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York For developers trying to influence the president, the White House is no Trump Tower Getting face time with Donald Trump and Jared Kushner is proving harder than expected By Will Parker in Washington and Konrad Putzier in New York | March 20, 2017 07:00AM President Trump (Credit: Getty Images) In the weeks and months after Nov. 8, Donald Trump’s door always seemed open. Old friends and celebrities walked in and out of his namesake tower in Manhattan or hobnobbed with him at his New Jersey golf course – and so did real estate executives. Howard Lorber, Jonathan Gray, Thomas Barrack, the Hinneberg family (owners of 40 Wall Street), and others landed meetings with the president-elect, soon to be the most powerful man in the world. “Initially it seemed Trump was very willing to meet with people” one lobbyist told The Real Deal, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retribution. “Someone actually made the comment to me that the president-elect met with more people than de Blasio in three years.” Many real estate bigwigs may have believed they’d have similar access to the West Wing as they did at Trump Tower, and perhaps hoped to replicate the kind of sway they hold in Albany. When Greenberg Traurig publicly disclosed in January the institutions it is lobbying on behalf of Related Companies, the law firm, apart from naming the usual suspects of the Senate and House of Representatives, added the White House to its list for the first time since 2015. But so far, the industry hasn’t got its day in the sun it hoped for. Preoccupied with border control, foreign policy and a constant feud with judges and journalists, White House staffers have been reluctant to meet with real estate executive and lobbyists, sources say. And if New York’s real estate kingpins and their lobbyists are lining up to see the president and his son-in-law Jared Kushner, they sure are being discreet. “I don’t see them very often,” said Jonathan McCollum, director of federal government affairs at the Davidoff, Hutcher & Citron law firm in Washington. “It seems like they would have these pre-existing relationships with Trump and some of his closest advisers,” McCollum said, “and if they are talking regularly, it’s certainly been kept quiet.” Most of the facetime seems to happen at Mar-a-Lago. Trump’s regular trips to his 128-room private club in Palm Beach have raised concerns over inappropriate levels of access to the president, and real estate developers such as Lorber, Richard LeFrak, Bruce Toll and the South Florida mogul Jeff Greene are all said to be frequent visitors. LeFrak, who is advising the president on infrastructure, told the New York Times that during a February visit to Mar-a-Lago, Trump directly asked him if he would like to build the Mexican border wall, and Toll told the paper that although he had discussed the economy with the president, it was never his own personal business or that of any specific Toll Brothers project. Steve Witkoff, another developer pal of Trump’s, insists he’s not discussing his personal business interests either. “Friends don’t lobby,” Witkoff said, “and I’m a friend of the president.” “I’ve spent time with the president,” Witkoff added, “I do not talk about the real estate business.” As for Kushner, who holds the title of Senior White House Adviser, he is still keeping ties to parts of his family’s expanding real estate empire. Some who know him say he has made himself unavailable to the property bigwigs in New York. “He [Kushner] has completely removed himself from everything,” said Nicholas Mastroianni, the head of U.S. Immigration Fund, a major EB-5 regional center that arranged $50 million in foreign capital (likely mostly Chinese money) for Kushner’s Trump Bay Street tower in Jersey City. “We had a farewell meeting in January where he made his position very clear, which is that he’s working for the president and he’s going to be in the White House and he’s not going to get entangled in any specific issues, especially EB-5. He will not meet about EB-5 under any circumstances.” A spokesperson for the White House told TRD Kushner would recuse himself from “any particular matter concerning the EB-5 program.” Greenberg Traurig and Related, who are both lobbying for an extension of the EB-5 investor visa program, declined to comment. The fact that right-wing ideologues Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller play a dominant role in policymaking hasn’t made things easier. “How many [real estate] people do you know that actually know Bannon and have a relationship with Breitbart?” the lobbyist said. To the dismay of some in the industry, this isn’t Kushner’s White House. Since taking office, Trump has met openly with leaders of other industries, including titans of finance such as Blackstone Group’s Stephen Schwarzman and JP Morgan Chase’s Jamie Dimon. He shared with them his frustration that Dodd-Frank regulations were making it difficult for his “friends” to get loans. In February, Trump and members of his cabinet held a “listening session” with 24 CEOs of American manufacturing companies, including Ford Motors. Nothing of that sort has happened yet for real estate. “We have not been able to speak to them,” Mastroianni said of the administration in a February interview. “They don’t want to interact on anything, any policy at all.” If a similar sit-down were planned for leaders of the real estate industry, a likely candidate to arrange it might be the Real Estate Roundtable, a body of 17 national trade associations that has close ties to the top brass at the Real Estate Board of New York (a group, it should be noted, that Trump has never been part of). The Roundtable’s President and CEO, Jeffrey DeBoer, anticipates that once issues that more directly affect real estate, such as tax reform and financial deregulation, move up the White House’s agenda, “then we [real estate] will become more high profile.” “I would anticipate that any president or any person involved significantly in the policy making process would want to meet with all the industries affected by the policies, so I would expect there would be meetings with the manufacturing industry and the airline industry and the insurance industry and the pharmaceutical industry and the real estate industry,” DeBoer added. “I would expect that in the natural course of business such a meeting would happen and I’d be a little surprised if it didn’t.” As for the Trump White House being difficult to access, DeBoer says that has not been his experience. “To the extent that we have felt that it was timely and necessary to communicate on an aspect of an issue with the administration, we’ve experienced nothing unusual,” he said. For now, Mar-A-Lago, dubbed by some as the “Southern White House,” seems the best bet for a well-connected developer trying to catch the currently health care-focused  president’s attention, one-on-one. One former lawmaker described it thus: “If you know the president, and you’re seeing him on the golf course or you’re playing basketball with him… then you’re not going to have a 10-second conversation with him, you might have a five-minute conversation in which you can really explain the issue, get him excited about it or interested, and if he knows you really well, he might say ‘you really care about this issue and I like you and you’re my pal or you’ve contributed $2 million,’ and then respond. But the number of people who are going to be able to have that kind of contact with the president is usually small.” Tags: Donald Trump, lobbying, Real Estate and Politics, Real Estate Roundtable Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 MENU News Residential Commercial Finance Tech Politics Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Deutsche Bank's Comic Timing By Lionel Laurent Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg Finance Lionel Laurent Lionel Laurent is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering finance and markets. He previously worked at Reuters and Forbes. Follow @LionelRALaurent Facebook Twitter Email Print Share March 20, 2017 8:19 AM EDT DEUTSCHE BANK AG-REGISTERED -0.11 As of 9:30 AM EDT 15.67 EUR If timing is everything in comedy, Deutsche Bank AG CEO John Cryan must be the funniest Yorkshireman alive. The German bank's 8 billion-euro ($8.6 billion) share sale is smartly timed. It should be completed before the first round of the French election and should benefit from the relief in markets following the Dutch election last week. Amount bank is raising €8 billion Interest rates are finally beginning to normalize, something Bloomberg View's Mark Gilbert has noted, and the investment-banking market -- Deutsche Bank's fixed-income sweet spot in particular -- is rebounding. Holding Up Deutsche Bank shares have held up so far this year despite a need to raise capital Source: Bloomberg We don't yet know what the take-up will be, but we do know investors are taking the dilution in their stride. Deutsche Bank shares have fallen about 6 percent over the past month -- not bad for a firm seeking to the raise the equivalent of about a third of its market value. Deutsche Bank is feeling a bit perkier about its own outlook, too. On Monday it forecast a "meaningful" pick-up in client activity and it expects revenue to be flat in 2017 after years of shrinking. But timing isn't everything. Few analysts expect the road to recovery to be bump-free: at 15.57 euros, the consensus 12-month target price among analysts suggests the stock has almost 11 percent to drop. Just two of the 30 analysts tracking the stock actually recommend buying it, according to Bloomberg data. So why should investors be more optimistic than the sell side? Plugging the capital shortfall should actually help Deutsche Bank's core business. The lender has admitted that the stomach-churning plunges in investor confidence last year cost it market share. HSBC analysts estimate Deutsche Bank's slice of the investment banking market shrank to 5.3 percent from 7.6 percent between 2014 and 2016. The bank could claw back some 1 billion euros of revenue just by looking more normal, they estimate. Nice Time To Raise Capital Revenue from fixed-income trading and investment banking are set to rebound in the first quarter Source: JPMorgan The investment-banking market is turning: fixed-income revenue may climb 34 percent in the first quarter, according to JPMorgan estimates. With its capital woes behind it, Deutsche Bank should benefit from that rising tide. Euro Optimism Bond yields are picking up as the economic recovery holds Source: Bloomberg The fundamentals of Europe also look better, with hopes that years of extraordinary deflation-busting stimulus are coming to an end. Yield curves are steepening, suggesting banks will make more money from the basic business of lending. Deutsche Bank wants to be bigger in Germany, where economic output accelerated in February. Rising lending rates could also mean yet another 1 billion euros in extra revenue, HSBC reckons. Whatever his timing, though, Cryan has yet to deliver his punch line. Investors want the bank to turn a profit, not just survive. Here, its track record has been patchy -- two straight years of negative return on equity -- and the firm still has no firm target for when it might deliver a 10 percent ROE in what it calls a "normalized" environment. Laggard Of The Pack Return on equity (ROE) by institution Source: Bloomberg data The bank will still have to cut costs and dump assets while trying to capture revenue. And while U.S. rates are demonstrably on the way to normalization, the euro zone still requires faith. Asset manager Amundi expects euro interest rates to be stuck at zero for the next 12 months. Cryan isn't operating in a vacuum, either. Both Barclays Plc and Credit Suisse Group AG are geared to a U.S. recovery. JPMorgan analysts reckon Credit Suisse is a better investment bet than Deutsche Bank, thanks in part to its wealth-management business. The chances the Swiss bank will have to raise capital are receding, too. For Cryan to have the last laugh, he will have to master these long-term problems, not just dodge short-term crises. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Lionel Laurent in London at llaurent2@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Edward Evans at eevans3@bloomberg.net Altice debt $54 billion Magic Numbers The Other Page in Patrick Drahi's Billionaire Playbook Finance Leila Abboud Past Premium Past Premium Next has lost its superior rating to M&S as sales and profit have suffered Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Style and Substance Next's Island of Stability Consumer Andrea Felsted Spot the Crisis Spot the Crisis The discount for issuing in dollars and converting the proceeds into euros, rather than issuing in euros outright, is about 35 basis points Source: Bloomberg Keep Them Doggies Rollin' European Corporates Go West Markets Marcus Ashworth Go West Go West American Airlines is a laggard on Pacific routes, but it's catching up Source: Company traffic statistics Note: ASM = available seat miles, a measure of capacity showing the distance flown by aircraft multiplied by seats available on respective planes. blue-sky thinking American's Southern Comfort in China Consumer David Fickling A characteristic of banks less likely to be guaranteed Small Size matters Bondholders Trust China Too Much Finance Christopher Langner Confident Confident Danone said its deal for WhiteWave is nearing approval, which triggered a rally in WhiteWave shares that shrank the spread between the offer price and the stock Source: Bloomberg Done Deal WhiteWave Really Milked Danone Deals Tara Lachapelle Misery Misery Valeant's stunning fall from grace won't be undone by shifting its debts around Source: Bloomberg Iceberg Ahoy Valeant Rearranges Deck Chairs Health Max Nisen Prove It Prove It While GE has stuck to its target for $2.00 in EPS, analysts have grown increasingly less optimistic Source: Bloomberg Peltz Push GE May Need More Than Trian's Tough Love Industrials Brooke Sutherland Tame Tiger Tame Tiger Exxon needs shale output to help it thrive in a world of lower oil prices Queue & A Exxon Spells Out Why It Needs the Permian Energy Liam Denning High Hopes High Hopes Puerto Rico bonds rallied after U.S. lawmakers established a fiscal control board Source: S&P Municipal Bond Index All Stood Up 'Friend' Turns on Puerto Rico Bondholders Markets Lisa Abramowicz Quarterly growth in European EPS 12% Infrastructure pending Dumping the Trump Trade Markets Lionel Laurent PPG's proposal is worth €22.4 billion Nobel Act Akzo No-No-Nobel Data Chris Hughes Soaring Above Soaring Above Kingfisher's outperformance looks under threat from a retrenching consumer Source: Bloomberg Fresh Lick of Managementspeak Kingfisher's Extreme Makeover Consumer Andrea Felsted Proportion of sales from clickable ads 12 percent Sacrifice Tencent's Performance Problem Tech Tim Culpan Catch-Up Time Catch-Up Time CK Hutchison and Cheung Kong Property have underperformed the broader market Source: Bloomberg Stormy Weather Even Superman Li Faces Headwinds Industrials Nisha Gopalan Value of leased cars 38bn euros Too Much Credit? BMW's Hazard Lights Are Blinking Autos Chris Bryant The winner is TSMC New champ Chipzilla Got Toppled Tech Tim Culpan China government five-year bonds yield 3.141% Pump It Real Good Grab the Defibrillator. China's Going to Need It Markets Christopher Langner Hong Kong Life sale price HK$7.1 billion Fresh Baked Get Hong Kong Insurers While They're Hot Deals Nisha Gopalan Pickup Time Pickup Time FedEx had to lower its outlook on the economy throughout last year, but as of December it was expecting things to improve in 2017 Source: Bloomberg Silver Lining FedEx Earnings Are Worth a Second Look Industrials Brooke Sutherland If Only It Were That Simple If Only It Were That Simple Total value of home sales in China hit a record 9.9 trillion yuan last year Source: Blooomberg Good on paper Shifting Foundations in China Real Estate Christopher Langner Soggy Cereal Soggy Cereal As fresh foods and healthier options become more popular, traditional packaged-food giants such as General Mills are feeling the pain Source: Bloomberg Crunched Big G Is No 3G Deals Tara Lachapelle Last Time Apple Posted Quarterly Growth in iPad Sales 2013 iStruggle Apple's iPad Hopes Meet Harsh Reality Tech Shira Ovide Risk On Risk On Individual investors have been plowing into riskier stocks and bonds this year Source: Bank of America Merrill Lynch research American Static What Do Banks Know That Mom and Pop Don't? Markets Lisa Abramowicz Deutsche Bank is raising €8 billion Deutsche Bank The Wronged of Rights Offerings Data Chris Hughes
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Microsoft Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Microsoft Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Microsoft (MSFT) Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 3/20/2017 – Microsoft had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at William Blair. 3/17/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Pacific Crest. They now have a $70.00 price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – Microsoft had its “strong-buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.. 3/16/2017 – Microsoft had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cowen and Company. They now have a $70.00 price target on the stock. 3/9/2017 – Microsoft was given a new $76.00 price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/8/2017 – Microsoft was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $67.56 price target on the stock. 3/1/2017 – Microsoft was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $67.45 price target on the stock. 2/15/2017 – Microsoft was given a new $72.00 price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/1/2017 – Microsoft was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $66.34 price target on the stock. 1/31/2017 – Microsoft was upgraded by analysts at Atlantic Securities from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating. 1/31/2017 – Microsoft was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Microsoft's second-quarter fiscal 2017 results were impressive. Both earnings and revenues beat the respective Zacks Consensus Estimates. The company is benefitting from continuing enterprise strength, strong Office 365 adoption, robust penetration of Azure and promising new products. Further, the addition of LinkedIn is expected to boost Microsoft's presence in the social media market. The recent acquisition of artificial intelligence (AI) startup Maluuba is a big positive for the company given the growing demand for AI techniques throughout the world. We note that the company has outperfomed the broader market over the last six months.  However, strong U.S. dollar is expected to remain a concern, which will impact top-line in the near term. Moreover, competition is stiff and the company’s dominant position in the PC market continues to be challenged, which are headwinds.” 1/31/2017 – Microsoft had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.. They now have a $70.00 price target on the stock. 1/30/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Hilliard Lyons from $59.00 to $64.00. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 1/30/2017 – Microsoft had its “strong-buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.. They now have a $73.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $69.00. 1/28/2017 – Microsoft was given a new $70.00 price target on by analysts at Pacific Crest. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft was given a new $70.00 price target on by analysts at Nomura. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft was given a new $76.00 price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from $43.00 to $45.00. They now have an “underperform” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft was given a new $71.00 price target on by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from $65.00 to $71.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Wunderlich from $70.00 to $75.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus from $66.00 to $68.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at BMO Capital Markets from $69.00 to $71.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Canaccord Genuity from $65.00 to $67.00. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a $72.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $68.00. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from $70.00 to $71.00. They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 1/27/2017 – Microsoft was upgraded by analysts at Citigroup Inc from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating. They now have a $65.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $41.00. 1/25/2017 – Microsoft had its price target raised by analysts at BGC Financial to $65.00. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 1/25/2017 – Microsoft was given a new $61.00 price target on by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 1/25/2017 – Microsoft was given a new $59.00 price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 1/23/2017 – Microsoft was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $65.19 price target on the stock. 1/23/2017 – Microsoft was upgraded by analysts at Tigress Financial from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating. 1/20/2017 – Microsoft had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a $68.00 price target on the stock. 1/19/2017 – Microsoft had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at CLSA. They now have a $72.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $65.00. Shares of Microsoft Co. (NASDAQ:MSFT) opened at 64.87 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $501.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.53 and a beta of 1.08. Microsoft Co. has a one year low of $48.03 and a one year high of $65.91. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $64.39 and a 200 day moving average price of $61.08. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) last released its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The software giant reported $0.84 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.79 by $0.05. Microsoft had a net margin of 19.57% and a return on equity of 32.12%. The business had revenue of $26.07 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $25.13 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.78 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Microsoft Co. will post $2.98 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 8th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a $0.39 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 16th. This represents a $1.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.40%. Microsoft’s payout ratio is currently 73.59%. In related news, insider G Mason Morfit sold 4,616,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.40, for a total value of $297,270,400.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director William H. Gates III sold 2,000,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.55, for a total transaction of $129,100,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 19,623,500 shares of company stock worth $1,253,600,525 over the last quarter. Insiders own 2.99% of the company’s stock. Microsoft Corporation is a technology company. The Company develops, licenses, and supports a range of software products, services and devices. The Company’s segments include Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud and More Personal Computing. The Company’s products include operating systems; cross-device productivity applications; server applications; business solution applications; desktop and server management tools; software development tools; video games, and training and certification of computer system integrators and developers. Receive News & Ratings for Microsoft Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Microsoft Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Receives $224.15 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Next » AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share US Financial 15 Split Corp. TSX : FTU.PR.B March 20, 2017 09:00 ET US Financial 15 Split Corp. Preferred Dividend Declared TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - March 20, 2017) - US Financial 15 Split Corp ("US Financial 15") declares its monthly distribution of $0.03881 for each Preferred share, or 5.25% annually based on the previous month end net asset value. Distributions are payable April 10, 2017 to shareholders on record as at March 31, 2017. US Financial 15 invests in a portfolio consisting of 15 U.S. financial services companies as follows: American Express, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon Corp., Citigroup, CME Group Inc., Fifth Third Bancorp, The Goldman Sachs Group, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley, PNC Financial Services group Inc., Regions Financial Corp., State Street Corp., SunTrust Banks, U.S. Bancorp, and Wells Fargo. Distribution Details Preferred Share (FTU.PR.B) $0.03881 Ex-Dividend Date: March 29, 2017 Record Date: March 31, 2017 Payable Date: April 10, 2017 Contact Information US Financial 15 Split Corp. Investor Relations: 1-877-478-2372 Local: 416-304-4443 info@quadravest.com www.financial15.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company US Financial 15 Split Corp. From this industry Financial Services From this sub-industry Personal Finance See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Fang Holdings Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fang Holdings Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) GSA Capital Partners LLP Takes Position in Fang Holdings Ltd (SFUN) Posted by Dave Schultz on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet GSA Capital Partners LLP acquired a new stake in Fang Holdings Ltd (NYSE:SFUN) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor acquired 147,637 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $484,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd raised its position in Fang Holdings by 0.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 309,181 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,388,000 after buying an additional 1,762 shares during the period. Timber Hill LLC raised its position in Fang Holdings by 52.0% in the third quarter. Timber Hill LLC now owns 28,339 shares of the company’s stock valued at $127,000 after buying an additional 9,695 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its position in Fang Holdings by 10.4% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 106,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $479,000 after buying an additional 10,100 shares during the period. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC raised its position in Fang Holdings by 1,844.9% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 33,063 shares of the company’s stock valued at $148,000 after buying an additional 31,363 shares during the period. Finally, Parametrica Management Ltd acquired a new position in Fang Holdings during the third quarter valued at $193,000. 49.25% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Fang Holdings Ltd (NYSE:SFUN) opened at 2.96 on Monday. The company’s market capitalization is $1.39 billion. Fang Holdings Ltd has a 12 month low of $2.76 and a 12 month high of $6.53. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $3.22 and a 200-day moving average price of $3.52. Your IP Address: A number of brokerages recently commented on SFUN. Zacks Investment Research raised Fang Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $3.25 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their target price on Fang Holdings from $4.50 to $3.40 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Nomura lowered Fang Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “reduce” rating and decreased their target price for the company from $6.79 to $3.03 in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Brean Capital reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Fang Holdings in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $2.60 target price (down from $5.60) on shares of Fang Holdings in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and two have assigned a hold rating to the company. Fang Holdings presently has a consensus rating of “Sell” and a consensus target price of $3.46. About Fang Holdings Fang Holdings Limited, formerly SouFun Holdings Limited, operates as a real estate Internet portal in China. The Company’s Websites and mobile applications support active online communities and networks of users seeking information on, and services for, the real estate and home-related sectors in China. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SFUN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fang Holdings Ltd (NYSE:SFUN). Receive News & Ratings for Fang Holdings Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fang Holdings Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Barclays PLC (BCS) Receives $8.22 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Next » Diodes Incorporated (DIOD) Position Lowered by GSA Capital Partners LLP Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: The Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards in March These three balance transfer credit cards offer a mix of long 0% introductory periods, no annual fees, and customer-friendly terms. One card even has a sign-up bonus and cash-back rewards program! Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Mar 20, 2017 at 6:49AM Carrying a balance on a credit card can be a disaster for your financial health. Over time, double-digit interest rates work as a black hole that sucks money from your budget, making it feel like you'll never have your balance paid off in full. But there's good news. People who are committed to paying down their balances once and for all can get ahead by using credit card balance transfers to score a lower interest rate and make more progress with each monthly payment. The best balance-transfer cards offer rates as low as 0% for a period as long as 21 months, the equivalent of an interest-free loan. That doesn't mean anyone should open up a new credit card willy-nilly. A thoughtful approach toward paying down debt can help balance-carrying cardholders find a product for doing maximum damage to their credit card debt without putting them at risk of hopping on an endless treadmill of using one card to pay off another.  We took the time to bust out our magnifying glasses and read through our fair share of fine print. Here are some of the best balance transfer offers on the market today.  Chase Slate One good look at Chase Slate, and we could see that it was designed as a debt destroyer. The card offers a lengthy 15-billing-cycle 0% introductory period for balance transfers and purchases. In addition, it waives the standard 3% balance transfer fee on transfers made within the first 60 days after account opening. Put simply, transferring a balance to Chase Slate immediately turns it into an interest-free, 15-month loan. These big perks help us gloss over the fact that it doesn't have lucrative rewards or sign-up bonuses that are more common with the best Chase cards. Moving a $5,000 balance from an 18% card to Chase Slate would save $620 in interest payments over the first 15 months. How's that for a sign-up bonus? We like that the card also offers free access to your FICO Score, which can be really useful for people who want to track their progress as they pay down debt and improve their credit. It's a small perk, but one that helps it cement its place as one of the best cards of 2017. (Read our full review of Chase Slate.) Love the savings from using a balance transfer offer. Image source: Getty Images. Citi Simplicity Card Citi Simplicity Card is a rock star in the world of balance transfer credit cards because it offers one of the lengthiest 0% introductory periods at an astounding 21 billing cycles. That's nearly two years of interest-free balances before the rate resets to the standard purchase APR. Cardholders also benefit from unusually lax terms. Citi Simplicity Card does not charge late fees, whereas most cards carry late fees of $30 or more. Of course, it's good to pay on time -- paying more than 30 days late can crush your credit score. That said, this card may be a good choice for people who best describe themselves as "forgetful." The only obvious downside to the Citi Simplicity Card is that it carries a balance transfer fee of 3% (or $5, whichever is greater) for transferring a balance. For this reason, potential applicants should carefully weigh whether the fee is a good trade-off for a longer 0% window. Like Chase Slate, Citi Simplicity Card also offers free access to your FICO Score and is another contender on this year's list of the best credit cards with no annual fee. (Read our full review of Citi Simplicity Card.) Chase Freedom Those who want to earn rewards on new purchases and score a 0% introductory rate should take a serious look at Chase Freedom. The card delivers with a 0% introductory APR for new purchases and balance transfers for a full 15 billing cycles, and like the others on this list, it does not have an annual fee. One key difference between Chase Freedom and Chase Slate is that Chase Freedom offers cash-back rewards equal to 1% of spending, which is supplemented with rotating bonus categories that offer 5% cash back. Chase Freedom cardholders can also qualify for a sign-up bonus by spending $500 on purchases over the first three months from account opening to score a $150 bonus.  Deciding between Chase Freedom and Chase Slate largely comes down to where the $150 sign-up bonus for Chase Freedom is surpassed by its 3% fee for balance transfers. Excluding regular rewards earned on purchases, cardholders who intend to transfer a balance of less than $5,000 would be better off with Chase Freedom, while larger balance transfers would be better suited for Chase Slate. (Read our full review of Chase Freedom.) Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Jordan is a value investor who believes incentives matter. Moats, floats, and compelling valuations.   Follow @jwthn   Send Jordan an email Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 6:49AM Investment Planning Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $57.72 down $0.05 (-0.09%) Read More 1 Mistake to Avoid When Paying Off Credit Card Debt Most Mortgage Rates Continue to Trend Downward How Long Should I Keep My Tax Returns? The Best Cash-Back Credit Cards in March Should You Take the Standard Deduction? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards in March @themotleyfool #stocks $C
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Source: Bloomberg Sending Money Overseas to Get Faster Once Banks Pick a Winner by Olga Kharif @olgakharif More stories by Olga Kharif March 20, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT Visa, MonetaGo, others challenging Ripple for leading role ‘You take a bet on what you believe is stronger’: bank exec In the quest for a faster and more traceable way to transfer money internationally, banks were gravitating a few years ago to Ripple, a platform backed by Silicon Valley luminaries and global financial institutions. Now it’s gotten complicated. New options are surfacing that, like Ripple, use the hot technology called blockchain to send and record transactions across borders. For banks, the challenge is to agree on a standard quickly to fend off rivals like TransferWise Inc. and Cambridge Global Payments, which are grabbing a share of the $30 trillion a year in international transactions between businesses. “If they don’t run the network, banks are not going to get transaction revenue,” said Alenka Grealish, a manager at Boston Consulting Group who focuses on global transaction banking. Banks make money on each overseas transaction and on foreign exchange. The debate over transaction technology has thrust Ripple into the biggest battle of its five-year life, against competitors that are often larger, and also innovative and nimble. The platform is developed by a San Francisco startup, also called Ripple, whose backers include venture capital firms Andreessen Horowitz and Google Ventures and banks such as Standard Chartered Plc and Banco Santander SA, through its InnoVentures arm. Head Start The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Ripple’s advantage may lie in being further along in development. The company is working with more than 90 banks, over 10 of which have already implemented Ripple’s technology in production –- meaning that it already facilitates real transactions, even if those may currently be flowing between bank employees. Standard Chartered plans to pilot the technology with business customers by the second quarter of this year, said Gautam Jain, an executive at the bank. “These are not tests -- these are production deployments touching real systems and real activity,” Brad Garlinghouse, Ripple’s chief executive officer, said in an interview. “Ripple is the only company in this space with real customers who are really in production.” This month, Ripple said that a consortium of 47 banks in Japan is moving toward commercializing its technology. The company’s revenue -- which comes from software sales to banks, transaction fees and providing cryptocurrency XRP -- has more than doubled annually for the last three years, Garlinghouse said, though the company isn’t profitable. The company has raised $94 million, including a round last fall, and is hiring more than 30 people globally on top of the 150 employed now, Garlinghouse said. “We have so far exceeded my expectations in terms of bank demand,” Garlinghouse said. “Notoriously banks have been slow-moving, but they realize they have new competitors entering this space.” New Rivals With 15 percent of banks planning to implement full-scale commercial blockchains this year, an army of competitors to Ripple is rising up. These rivals include financial-industry veterans like Visa Inc. and upstarts such as MonetaGo Inc. and the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance, which includes JPMorgan Chase & Co. “There are more exciting options right now, to which all the eyes are shifting,” Alex Sunnarborg, an analyst at blockchain researcher CoinDesk, said in an interview. Cross-border payments will also be faster if banks settle on a single option. For example, when two banks involved in a transaction use Ripple, the transfer can be instantaneous instead of arriving the next business day. Swift, the network that has let banks transfer money in financial messages since the 1970s, is also getting a technology update. Involving more than 90 banks, it allows for same-day use of funds, transparency of fees, and other features customers have long asked for. Earlier this year, Swift also began testing using the blockchain from the Hyperledger consortium. Hyperledger has an advantage over Ripple because it doesn’t focus just on cross-border payments, but can help banks modernize many parts of their businesses, said Brian Behlendorf, executive director of Hyperledger. “It’s the difference between Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Word,” Behlendorf said. Visa’s Offering This year, Visa will debut a blockchain-based network that will let businesses pay each other through their banks in near real time. The network uses blockchain technology from San Francisco-based startup Chain. “Visa already has 17,000 partners in their network,” Adam Ludwin, CEO of Chain, said in an interview. “They have a global footprint. And Chain has blockchain infrastructure that’s production ready. Together we are able to go to market very quickly and deploy something with a set of partners that already trust the Visa brand.” The competition between Ripple and its rivals to emerge as the new standard in international transfers is similar to the early days of video recording, when VHS and Betamax battled for supremacy, said Jain of Standard Chartered. “You take a bet on what you believe is stronger,” he said. “If it doesn’t take off, we are willing to re-evaluate.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Euronav NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Euronav NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Brokerages Set Euronav NV (EURN) Price Target at $12.25 Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of Euronav NV (NASDAQ:EURN) have been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight analysts that are presently covering the firm. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and five have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $12.25. EURN has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG raised shares of Euronav NV from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $8.50 to $10.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Euronav NV in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Euronav NV from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Your IP Address: Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Huber Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Euronav NV by 1.7% in the third quarter. Huber Capital Management LLC now owns 3,961,047 shares of the company’s stock worth $30,223,000 after buying an additional 66,280 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Euronav NV during the fourth quarter worth approximately $28,508,000. Donald Smith & CO. Inc. increased its position in shares of Euronav NV by 13.1% in the third quarter. Donald Smith & CO. Inc. now owns 1,831,987 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,978,000 after buying an additional 211,712 shares during the period. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. increased its position in shares of Euronav NV by 64.9% in the fourth quarter. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. now owns 1,800,148 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,311,000 after buying an additional 708,763 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Euronav NV by 34.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,563,343 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,928,000 after buying an additional 403,832 shares during the last quarter. Euronav NV (NASDAQ:EURN) opened at 8.35 on Monday. Euronav NV has a 52-week low of $6.65 and a 52-week high of $11.73. The company has a 50-day moving average of $7.98 and a 200 day moving average of $7.93. The firm has a market cap of $1.32 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 6.48. Euronav NV (NASDAQ:EURN) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.32 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.07 by $0.25. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Euronav NV will post $1.88 EPS for the current year. About Euronav NV Receive News & Ratings for Euronav NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Euronav NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous John Champlin Mulliken Sells 9,922 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Next » Zacks: MGP Ingredients Inc (MGPI) Receives Consensus Rating of “” from Brokerages Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Oracle Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oracle Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Has $110,000 Stake in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its position in Oracle Co. (NYSE:ORCL) by 3,967.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 109,904 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock after buying an additional 107,202 shares during the period. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC’s holdings in Oracle were worth $110,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Proficio Capital Partners LLC boosted its position in Oracle by 4.5% in the third quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 3,151 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 135 shares in the last quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Oracle by 64.4% in the third quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 3,276 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares in the last quarter. Clean Yield Group boosted its position in Oracle by 3.1% in the third quarter. Clean Yield Group now owns 3,293 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 99 shares in the last quarter. Valley National Advisers Inc. boosted its position in Oracle by 2.9% in the third quarter. Valley National Advisers Inc. now owns 3,666 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock valued at $144,000 after buying an additional 105 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Bank & Trust bought a new position in Oracle during the fourth quarter valued at about $141,000. Institutional investors own 57.95% of the company’s stock. Shares of Oracle Co. (NYSE:ORCL) opened at 45.66 on Monday. Oracle Co. has a 12 month low of $37.62 and a 12 month high of $46.99. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $41.91 and a 200-day moving average price of $40.00. The company has a market capitalization of $187.31 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.79 and a beta of 1.14. Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, March 15th. The enterprise software provider reported $0.69 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.07. The business earned $9.27 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.25 billion. Oracle had a return on equity of 21.33% and a net margin of 23.69%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.64 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Oracle Co. will post $2.64 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Investors of record on Wednesday, April 12th will be given a dividend of $0.19 per share. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.66%. This is a boost from Oracle’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.15. The ex-dividend date is Monday, April 10th. Oracle’s payout ratio is presently 28.99%. Your IP Address: Several equities analysts have issued reports on the stock. Wedbush upped their target price on shares of Oracle to $43.00 in a research note on Thursday. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $51.00 target price on shares of Oracle in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Macquarie restated a “buy” rating and set a $48.00 target price on shares of Oracle in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Barclays PLC upped their target price on shares of Oracle from $47.00 to $51.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a $38.00 target price on shares of Oracle in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating, twenty-six have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $45.73. In related news, Director Hector Garcia-Molina sold 3,750 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.09, for a total transaction of $146,587.50. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 8,281 shares in the company, valued at $323,704.29. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Naomi O. Seligman sold 45,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $38.72, for a total value of $1,742,400.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 52,654 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,038,762.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 1,188,000 shares of company stock valued at $54,809,425 over the last quarter. 29.00% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Oracle Oracle Corporation (Oracle) provides products and services that address all aspects of corporate information technology (IT) environments, including application, platform and infrastructure. The Company’s businesses include cloud and on-premise software, hardware and services. Its cloud and on-premise software business consists of three segments, including cloud software and on-premise software, which includes Software as a Service (SaaS) and Platform as a Service (PaaS) offerings, cloud infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and software license updates and product support. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ORCL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Oracle Co. (NYSE:ORCL). Receive News & Ratings for Oracle Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oracle Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Next » Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC Has $143,000 Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing AK Steel Holding Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Federated Investors Inc. PA Boosts Position in AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) Posted by William Strong on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Federated Investors Inc. PA raised its stake in shares of AK Steel Holding Co. (NYSE:AKS) by 1,572.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 83,273 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 78,294 shares during the period. Federated Investors Inc. PA’s holdings in AK Steel Holding were worth $850,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Royal Bank of Canada raised its position in AK Steel Holding by 251.8% in the second quarter. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 100,681 shares of the company’s stock valued at $469,000 after buying an additional 166,984 shares during the period. Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its position in AK Steel Holding by 1.7% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 58,938 shares of the company’s stock valued at $285,000 after buying an additional 1,010 shares during the period. Boston Advisors LLC acquired a new position in AK Steel Holding during the third quarter valued at $2,808,000. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its position in shares of AK Steel Holding by 5.4% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 330,167 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,595,000 after buying an additional 16,927 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Chicago Equity Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of AK Steel Holding during the third quarter valued at approximately $2,582,000. Institutional investors own 62.21% of the company’s stock. Shares of AK Steel Holding Co. (NYSE:AKS) opened at 8.31 on Monday. AK Steel Holding Co. has a 12-month low of $3.31 and a 12-month high of $11.39. The company’s 50 day moving average is $8.25 and its 200 day moving average is $7.54. The firm’s market capitalization is $2.62 billion. AK Steel Holding (NYSE:AKS) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.16. The firm earned $1.42 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.42 billion. AK Steel Holding had a negative return on equity of 47.34% and a negative net margin of 0.13%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 8.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.30 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that AK Steel Holding Co. will post $0.72 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: Several research analysts have commented on the stock. Vetr cut shares of AK Steel Holding from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $8.17 target price for the company. in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Morgan Stanley cut shares of AK Steel Holding from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $8.39 to $11.00 in a report on Monday, February 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on shares of AK Steel Holding from $8.50 to $11.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Macquarie cut shares of AK Steel Holding from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $9.10 to $9.00 in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AK Steel Holding from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $11.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $8.21. AK Steel Holding Company Profile AK Steel Holding Corporation is a producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steels, and tubular products through its subsidiary, AK Steel Corporation (AK Steel). The Company also operates blast furnaces and electric arc furnaces. As of December 31, 2016, its operations included eight steelmaking and finishing plants, two coke plants and two tube manufacturing plants across states, including Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia, and a tube manufacturing plant in Mexico. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AKS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AK Steel Holding Co. (NYSE:AKS). Receive News & Ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Harman International Industries Inc (HAR) Position Lowered by Fmr LLC Next » Federated Investors Inc. PA Purchases 9,581 Shares of Marlin Business Services Corp. (MRLN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Empire District Electric Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Empire District Electric Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CEO Marcus Ryu Sells 8,294 Shares of Stock Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Empire District Electric Co (EDE) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Empire District Electric Co (NYSE:EDE) have been given a consensus rating of “Hold” by the ten research firms that are currently covering the stock. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have issued a hold rating on the company. The average 12 month price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $20.13. Several research firms have commented on EDE. Royal Bank of Canada lowered Empire District Electric from a “sector perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $18.00 to $16.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. TD Securities reissued a “reduce” rating and issued a $18.00 price objective on shares of Empire District Electric in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Scotia Howard Weill reissued a “sector perform” rating and issued a $21.00 price objective on shares of Empire District Electric in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Your IP Address: Shares of Empire District Electric (NYSE:EDE) opened at 34.09 on Wednesday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $34.22 and a 200-day moving average price of $34.02. Empire District Electric has a 12 month low of $26.20 and a 12 month high of $34.49. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Gabelli Funds LLC increased its position in Empire District Electric by 58.6% in the fourth quarter. Gabelli Funds LLC now owns 2,099,622 shares of the company’s stock worth $71,576,000 after buying an additional 775,892 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its position in Empire District Electric by 34.0% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 1,588,643 shares of the company’s stock worth $54,157,000 after buying an additional 403,326 shares during the period. Water Island Capital LLC increased its position in Empire District Electric by 46.5% in the third quarter. Water Island Capital LLC now owns 421,788 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,400,000 after buying an additional 133,922 shares during the period. ARP Americas LLC purchased a new position in Empire District Electric during the fourth quarter worth approximately $3,329,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Empire District Electric by 27.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 398,895 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,618,000 after buying an additional 86,008 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 65.86% of the company’s stock. About Empire District Electric The Empire District Electric Company is a regulated utility company. The Company is engaged in the generation, purchase, transmission, distribution and sale of electricity. It provides services with in Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and Arkansas. The Company operates its businesses in three segments: electric, gas and other. Receive News & Ratings for Empire District Electric Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Empire District Electric Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Exxon Mobil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Coldstream Capital Management Inc. Boosts Position in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Posted by William Strong on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Coldstream Capital Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) by 5.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 38,190 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,871 shares during the period. Exxon Mobil comprises approximately 0.6% of Coldstream Capital Management Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 29th largest position. Coldstream Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Exxon Mobil were worth $3,447,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Equitec Proprietary Markets LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil during the third quarter valued at $107,000. Psagot Investment House Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at $119,000. Horan Securities Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil during the third quarter valued at $137,000. Proficio Capital Partners LLC increased its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil by 1.9% in the third quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 2,257 shares of the company’s stock valued at $197,000 after buying an additional 42 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mosaic Financial Partners Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at $202,000. 51.09% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) opened at 82.00 on Monday. Exxon Mobil Co. has a 12-month low of $80.31 and a 12-month high of $95.55. The company has a market capitalization of $340.01 billion, a PE ratio of 43.69 and a beta of 0.91. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $82.42 and a 200-day moving average of $85.77. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.41 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.29. Exxon Mobil had a return on equity of 5.56% and a net margin of 3.47%. The company had revenue of $61.02 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $62.28 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.67 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 2.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Exxon Mobil Co. will post $4.07 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 10th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 9th were issued a dividend of $0.75 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 7th. This represents a $3.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.66%. Exxon Mobil’s dividend payout ratio is presently 159.58%. Your IP Address: Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Exxon Mobil in a research note on Monday, December 12th. HSBC Holdings plc reduced their target price on shares of Exxon Mobil from $90.00 to $85.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Royal Bank of Canada set a $95.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Vetr downgraded shares of Exxon Mobil from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $88.94 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a $75.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $89.44. Exxon Mobil Company Profile Exxon Mobil Corporation is an energy company. The Company is engaged in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas, manufacturing of petroleum products, and transportation and sale of crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and various specialty products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XOM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM). Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Analysts Set Dillard's, Inc. (DDS) Price Target at $62.85 Next » Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Sells 33,361 Shares of Bob Evans Farms Inc (BOBE) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dcc Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dcc Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NCR Co. (NCR) Major Shareholder Holdings L.P. Blackstone III Sells 3,002,753 Shares of Stock Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Director Frank R. Martire Sells 305,500 Shares of Stock International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Major Shareholder Winder Investment Pte Ltd Buys 100,000 Shares of Stock Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) CEO Mary Dillon Sells 33,955 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Williams Capital Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Mizuho Carnival Corp (CCL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Greif, Inc. (GEF) Price Target Increased to $53.00 by Analysts at BMO Capital Markets salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Receives Outperform Rating from JMP Securities Toro Co (TTC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.18 Concordia International Corp (CXRX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell AutoCanada Inc. (ACQ) Given New C$20.00 Price Target at CIBC Target Co. (TGT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong Sell” BCE’s (BCE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities Chromadex Corp (CDXC) Given a $6.00 Price Target by HC Wainwright Analysts American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII) Upgraded to Outperform at Cowen and Company Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) PT Lowered to C$1.40 Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Dcc Plc (DCC) Receives “Neutral” Rating from BNP Paribas March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Dcc Plc (LON:DCC)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by BNP Paribas in a report released on Monday. They currently have a GBX 6,700 ($81.92) price objective on the stock. BNP Paribas’ target price points to a potential downside of 6.16% from the stock’s previous close. Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Peel Hunt upgraded shares of Dcc Plc to an “add” rating and upped their price target for the company from GBX 6,269 ($76.65) to GBX 6,575 ($80.39) in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Dcc Plc to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from GBX 7,000 ($85.59) to GBX 7,400 ($90.48) in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Canaccord Genuity upped their price target on shares of Dcc Plc from GBX 7,800 ($95.37) to GBX 8,000 ($97.81) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Goodbody reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Dcc Plc in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on shares of Dcc Plc from GBX 7,843 ($95.89) to GBX 8,160 ($99.77) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 7,683.70 ($93.94). Shares of Dcc Plc (LON:DCC) opened at 7125.00 on Monday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 6.32 billion. Dcc Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 5,780.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 8,029.92. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 6,770.95 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 6,520.83. Your IP Address: In other news, insider Emma FitzGerald acquired 148 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 6,798 ($83.12) per share, for a total transaction of £10,061.04 ($12,301.06). Receive News & Ratings for Dcc Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dcc Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer Motoren Werk - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer Motoren Werk with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) CEO Marcus Ryu Sells 8,294 Shares of Stock Qualys Inc (QLYS) Chairman Philippe F. Courtot Sells 40,000 Shares of Stock Softcat PLC (SCT) Plans GBX 2.90 Dividend Xaar plc (XAR) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.70 Per Share Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.56 Insider Selling: Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) VP Sells 15,243 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Falcon Gold Corp (FG) Director Sells 500,000 Shares of Stock Canada Goose Holdings Inc (GOOS) Insider Dani Reiss Sells 5,007,554 Shares of Stock MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Bayer Motoren Werk (BAMXY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Bayer Motoren Werk (OTCMKTS:BAMXY) has been given an average rating of “Buy” by the nine brokerages that are currently covering the firm. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. BAMXY has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating on shares of Bayer Motoren Werk in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Nord/LB restated a “buy” rating on shares of Bayer Motoren Werk in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Berenberg Bank restated a “hold” rating on shares of Bayer Motoren Werk in a research report on Thursday, November 24th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Bayer Motoren Werk in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Bayer Motoren Werk in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Bayer Motoren Werk (OTCMKTS:BAMXY) opened at 24.54 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $26.72 and its 200-day moving average price is $29.06. Bayer Motoren Werk has a 12 month low of $23.78 and a 12 month high of $36.83. Your IP Address: About Bayer Motoren Werk Receive News & Ratings for Bayer Motoren Werk Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer Motoren Werk and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Politics BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 EU chief Juncker: We'll make an example of Britain that no-one will want to follow Reuters and Ben Moshinsky Mar. 20, 2017, 4:00 AM 4,243 facebook linkedin twitter email print British PM Theresa May is welcomed by European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker at the EC headquarters in Brussels Thomson Reuters BERLIN (Reuters) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is not worried about other EU countries leaving the bloc after Britain because Brexit will make them see it is not a good option, he said in a newspaper interview. Asked by Bild am Sonntag newspaper if other member states would follow Britain's example in quitting, Juncker said: "No. Britain's example will make everyone realise that it's not worth leaving." He added: "On the contrary, the remaining member states will fall in love with each other again and renew their vows with the European Union." The EU's 27 leaders plan to declare "Europe is our common future" during a meeting in Rome next week to mark 60 years of the bloc. Juncker said Britain would need to get used to being treated as a non-member. "Half memberships and cherry-picking aren't possible. In Europe you eat what's on the table or you don't sit at the table," he added. British Prime Minister Theresa May has made it clear that she plans to take Britain out of the European single market as part of Brexit, potentially damaging London's role as a financial centre. HSBC, JPMorgan, and UBS have all warned about job relocations. Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, told Bloomberg at Davos that the bank will likely move more people than previously thought. "It looks like there will be more job movement than we hoped for," Dimon said. The bank employs 16,000 people in the UK. Juncker said more countries would join the EU in future, although not during his time in office, which runs until 2019, because none of the candidates fulfils the conditions yet. (Reporting by Michelle Martin; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) SEE ALSO: REPORT: The UK is secretly considering a 10-year interim post-Brexit trade deal with the EU More: Reuters Brexit article 50 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru EU chief Juncker: We'll make an example of Britain that no-one will want to follow EU chief Juncker: We'll make an example of Britain that no-one will want to follow BERLIN (Reuters) - European Commission... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Politics Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Today’s News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series Company Spotlight Live Shows Digital Discussions 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Events Report Store Pay-ology Videos Newsletter Signup Today’s News OPINION Karen Webster INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows EVENTS Pay-ology Data Dive Data Dive, Fierce Competitors Edition: Amazon, Chase And Google. By PYMNTS Posted on March 20, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email March this week improved on its “in like a lion” bonafides with a mid-month blizzard that socked most of the Northeast and gave us all our collective doubts that any lamb-like exits were in our national future. Innovation Project, incidentally, battled back against the blizzard and kept Cambridge warm despite the ice — which we’ll have coverage about all week. Those parts of the nation that froze as the week started ended the week in the grips of insanity — literally, since the 2017 NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Tournament is underway, as is the attendant “March Madness.” We can’t tell you who to put in your bracket (our teams have mostly already been eliminated from the Sweet 16), but should payments and commerce ever get into bracket-based rankings, we could be terribly useful. This week, for example, Amazon, Chase and Google all made big plays that at least indicated bracket-worthiness. How will this change the shape of the game? Alexa’s Big App Integration Americans without an Echo, Dot or one of a third-party device integrated with Alexa got some good news this week. Soon they too will be able to talk to Alexa — so long as they have the Amazon iOS app on their phones — as Amazon announced last week that it will be embedding its virtual digital assistant into the app. The iOS instantiation of Alexa will be able to shop, play music and perform a “host of other useful tasks” according to the company’s website. Using Alexa via a phone is a similar experience to talking to the device-based edition. Users can ask Alexa to “search for paper towels,” “reorder batteries,” “track my last order” or “find bestselling camera,” which the device will then pull up. As for tasks, Alexa can respond to commands like “play some music,” “play the Beatles,” as well as answer basic questions on the weather, traffic or calendar (“When is Memorial Day?” is a suggested sample question). The move follows a big uptick in Alexa’s skill count. As of last month, the AI voice-activated assistant hit the 10,000 skill milestone. Notably, though Alexa can do a lot, consumers have largely been drawn to a small segment of use cases: News, games and trivia, reference, lifestyle and weather skills comprise the majority share. Will Alexa’s in-app integration make a difference? If it is successful, that is almost certainly a yes for Amazon. Alexa is a learning AI, meaning the more users it has, the more it learns and the better it does. By opening up to the set of iOS users, Amazon potentially has access to a lot of data coming its way. But that only happens if Alexa can successfully compete with Siri, the voice-activated AI that already lives on the iPhone and that users are more familiar with using. Siri also has the advantage of being integrated with the software and is more closely tied to Apple’s overall ecosystem. But users do love Alexa — and if it is outstrips Siri for skills despite being less integrated, the fight for that smartphone real estate could start looking pretty fierce. Chase Pay Grabs up MCX’s Payments Tech In an effort to further expand Chase Pay, JPMorgan Chase has inked a deal to acquire MCX’s payments technology. The transaction is expected to close in the next few weeks. MCX, according to a JPMC release, will give MCX merchants a more “seamless” connection to Chase Pay. “When we think about FinTech, we go through a ‘build/buy/partner’ evaluation to decide how we can get to market most efficiently,” said Jennifer Roberts, head of Chase Pay. “MCX has been an important partner, and their technology complements ours, so we’re thrilled to deepen our relationships with the merchant community through the purchase of this technology. This will help us get to market faster.” Chase Pay launched in November 2016 with a few initial merchants. Since then, it has announced upcoming integrations with Walmart, Shell, Best Buy, Phillips 66 and Wakefern. In December, Chase also announced an investment in LevelUp to bring the ability to order and pay ahead to customers at thousands of quick-service restaurants. The firm also announced an integration with mobile-first movie ticketing platform Atom Tickets. “Consistent with our mission to provide secure, consumer-friendly and cost-effective mobile payment solutions to the marketplace, MCX took advantage of this opportunity to have the solution expanded to the broader merchant community,” said Brian Mooney, CEO of MCX. Payments Come to Gmail In one of the quieter moves of the week, Google announced that the Gmail app on Android will now enable people to send and request money from anyone, even if they do not have a Gmail address. “Whether you’re splitting a dinner bill or planning a group trip, you now have a fee-free way to work out the details and settle up without ever leaving the Gmail app on Android, just like you can already do on the web,” Sam Kansara, a product manager at Google, said in a blog post. The new capability essentially allows a user to send money in the same way they would send an attachment in an email message. Once funds have been received by the recipient, that person can claim the money and have it transferred directly to a selected bank account without having to add or install any additional apps. “We believe that experiences like this should be contextual. Users shouldn’t have to switch apps to complete an interaction where they just need to send or receive money,” a Google spokesperson told PYMNTS. “This integration makes it easier for users to be able to do things in a medium where they’re already communicating with others, so it’s logical to move the payment interaction there too.” Currently the feature is only available in the U.S. and on the web or Android and comes into a very crowded market — Venmo, Square Cash, Facebook Messenger and Zelle are the immediate shortlist that spring to mind. But Google feels that Gmail’s one billion active monthly users might prefer using Gmail better. Feels like a slog. So while we can’t tell you how to build a better bracket, we do have some good overall advice this week. Don’t blink, you might miss something. Related Items:Alexa, Alphabet, Amazon, Amazon app, Chase Pay, Commerce, Data Dive, Featured News, Gmail, Google, JPMC, MCX, News, siri Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you Subscription Services Not Resonating With Baby Boomers, Gen Exers CO-OP Financial Enlists AI In Fraud Fight Did North Koreans Steal From Bangladesh? Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation Finding The Ticket To Online Platform Success SAP Ariba’s Spot Buy Launches In Australia TRENDING RIGHT NOW 3.9K Investments House Of Fraser Pulls £29 Million From Tandem Investment 3.5K B2B Payments How Regulators May Help Curb Late Supplier Payments 2.7K Chatbots Chatbot Tracker: To Jump Or Not To Jump On The Chatbot Wagon? 2.6K Regulation Regulators Clarify KYC Rules To Push U.S. Banks To Work Cross-Border 2.6K Investments Corporate Profits Forecasts For Q1 Starting To Dim 2.3K Post-Election Strong Dollar, Trump Immigration Policies Hurting US Travel Industry 2.2K Security & Fraud Can A New Ad Campaign Save Wells Fargo? 2.2K Fintech Investments Is The Silicon Valley Startup Scene On Its Way Out? 2.1K Retail Bringg Brings Competitive Edge In On-Demand Climate 2.1K Retail Walmart Launches Startup Incubator — Store No. 8 2.1K Consumer Finance Experian Partners With Finicity To Speed Up Lending 2.1K What's Hot Wearables Market On The Decline? 2.1K Security & Fraud Anonymous Is Increasing Hacks Of Central Banks 1.9K Amazon The Amazon Effect On … Payments 1.8K Bitcoin Chinese Bitcoin Rules Would Require Identify Verification What's next in payments and commerce Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2017 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) FedEx Co. (FDX) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 20th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) is scheduled to be releasing its earnings data on Tuesday, March 21st. Analysts expect FedEx to post earnings of $2.62 per share for the quarter. FedEx has set its FY17 guidance at $11.85-12.35 EPS. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, December 20th. The shipping service provider reported $2.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.90 by $0.10. FedEx had a return on equity of 22.02% and a net margin of 3.35%. The company earned $14.90 billion during the quarter. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $2.58 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 19.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect FedEx to post $12.01 EPS for the current fiscal year and $13.53 EPS for the next fiscal year. FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) opened at 194.59 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $51.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.60 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx Co. has a 52-week low of $145.00 and a 52-week high of $201.57. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $192.11 and a 200 day moving average price of $183.57. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 13th will be given a dividend of $0.40 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 9th. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.82%. FedEx’s dividend payout ratio is currently 23.46%. In related news, EVP Robert B. Carter sold 34,580 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $191.22, for a total value of $6,612,387.60. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 77,062 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,735,795.64. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO David J. Bronczek sold 36,529 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $192.08, for a total transaction of $7,016,490.32. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 83,716 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,080,169.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 8.67% of the company’s stock. Your IP Address: FDX has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on shares of FedEx in a research report on Thursday, November 24th. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Vetr upgraded shares of FedEx from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $206.69 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $205.00 price objective on shares of FedEx and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Citigroup Inc restated a “buy” rating and set a $200.00 price objective on shares of FedEx in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $230.00 price objective on shares of FedEx and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $199.06. About FedEx FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Solium Capital Inc. (SUM) Price Target Raised to C$9.00 Next » Lithia Motors Inc (LAD) Given a $115.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Thursday, March 23rd, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Send The Vindicator your Easter egg hunts, h... Sticky: Getting Your Lenten Fish Fix | Where To Go Israel police arrest suspect in threats on U... 9:34 a.m. Thu Pirogies for sale 8:49 a.m. Thu Bank orders locks changed at Antone’s 11:26 p.m. Wed Courts: Weathersfield Township injection wel... 10:55 p.m. Wed Trumbull prosecutors: State has no intention... 10:55 p.m. Wed all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home YSU savings equates to 7.5 percent of Wright State University’s savings for 2016 | Print Tweet Published: Mon, March 20, 2017 @ 12:05 a.m. Review suggesting more could be done fails to properly weigh affordability, administrators say By Amanda Tonoli atonoli@vindy.com YOUNGSTOWN An Affordability and Efficiency Report issued by the Ohio Department of Higher Education reveals that Youngstown State University could do better at saving money through being more efficient. YSU, for example, is saving just 7.5 percent of what Wright State University, a comparable university, is saving; and 9 percent of what Kent State University will save for this fiscal year. These efficiencies involve doing more with less: addressing needs for more efficiency both in expense management and revenue generation, while offering an education of equal or higher quality and decreasing costs to students and their families. The Affordability and Efficiency Report is generated because of a state requirement in House Bill 64 mandating boards of trustees at state institutions of higher education to generate an efficiency review, based upon recommendations of the governor’s Task Force on Higher Education Affordability and Efficiency. The document is something that frustrates Neal McNally, YSU vice president for finance and business operations. He argues that it does not accurately portray the entirety of affordability and success that YSU is achieving. Although McNally said he does not want to dismiss the report, he is mindful of the message behind it. “I would be remiss if I didn’t note this is somewhat of a political tool. This is meant to highlight the governor and Legislature’s commitment to addressing the issue of higher education cost inflation – which is something that is real,” he said. “But this is something that will poll well with voters.” One aspect he finds frustrating is that YSU’s cost goes unaccounted for. “We know YSU is already one of the most affordable universities in the state,” McNally said. “We are 20 percent lower than the state average and 9 percent lower than national average. In terms of affordability, we are kind of already there.” YSU President Jim Tressel said he is proud of YSU’s affordability. “It is in a great place, and people can only wish to be where we are,” he said. McNally added: “There are a lot of metrics in the higher education industry” to pay attention to, and it becomes difficult “to get a report of this kind that creates a whole new group of metrics kind of thrust upon us.” YSU has 12,801 students and employs 370 full-time faculty on an urban campus that relies heavily upon commuter students, although student housing on and around campus has been increasing. Wright State in Dayton – listed by YSU as a comparable school for institutional research – has 16,655 students and 910 full-time faculty, and its campus is 12 miles from the city’s center. Kent State, meanwhile, is Ohio’s second-largest public university, mostly residential, extending its footprint into downtown Kent. KSU has 40,782 students and 3,143 total staff members. In the YSU report, many line items did not report specific numbers for savings, skewing the results compared with Wright State’s reported line items. YSU’s total reported savings from efficiencies is $1,206,000, not including potential savings such as standardizing credit savings. WSU’s total reported savings – which included specific figures – and KSU’s total reported savings, also with specific numbers, are $15.7 million and $13.5 million from efficiencies, respectively. Some examples of the savings this year for WSU include establishing partnerships with Barnes & Noble and food-service operator Chartwells, generating $2,227,748 in revenue, as well as the procurement of card services with JP Morgan Chase for a rebate of almost $500,000, according to another ODHE report, the Chancellor’s Efficiency Advisory Committee and Efficiency Report. KSU in nearby Portage County utilized an expiring contract with FirstEnergy Solutions in June 2016 locking in rates that were 13 percent lower than the current rates for the next three years. The 13 percent reduction will save $900,000 over the next three years. KSU also implemented a communication campaign called “GOT 15” that gets students to take 15 credit hours per semester, saving them an extra year in school and $25,000. Before implementing GOT 15, just 67 percent of first-year students were enrolled in 15 or more credit hours, and since implementation, 81 percent of first-year students are enrolled in 15 or more credit hours each fall. YSU trailed WSU and KSU with its $1 million savings in payroll and benefit costs due to not filling positions after retirements. YSU, however, has implemented similar programs and savings options including the Summer Jumpstart Program “whereby incoming freshmen students can take up to two 3-credit hour courses for a reduced flat rate of $500 for one course or $1,000 for two courses from a select menu of General Education courses,” the Affordability and Efficiency Report says. This has the potential student savings of $1,000 per student. Other additions YSU implemented for students are increasing the tuition bulk rate to 17 credit hours at no additional charge for students, and reducing the number of credit hours for most bachelor-degree programs, McNally said. A problem he cited for the report reflecting poor performance is communication. YSU, for example, is one of the only universities in Ohio that did not employ someone specifically to submit the data, McNally said. “We did so many different things directly impacting students,” he said. “When we were reporting it to the state, we just weren’t loud enough about them.” McNally said the question trustees and educators at YSU should be asking themselves is where the university’s priorities lie. “We are looking for a little guidance as to how high this is on our priority list,” he said. “So many different competing priorities, budgetarily, Higher Learning Commission, IT [internet technology] infrastructure, etc.” Tressel agreed. “We need to figure out what our biggest priorities are,” he said. “We only have so many hours in the day and so many people to do it.” Other stories of interest The 2016 population decline in the five-county Mahoning and Shenango Valleys was the largest since the 2010 census Many facets of Choffin Career and Technical Center on display Youngstown Symphony Orchestra hits the road for Young People’s Concert Man arraigned after biting cop, trying to take his gun Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
EDITION: Int 'l International Int 'l Bahrain BAH Kuwait KUW Oman OMN Qatar QAT Saudi Arabia KSA United Arab Emirates UAE YOU ARE NOT LOGGED IN: Services Log in Not registered? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me on this computer Login Help, I forgot my username and/or password Retrieve password form We can only send passwords to the e-mail address you're registered with. If you can not remember it, or have any other problem, please e-mail registration@arabianbusiness.com Registered e-mail adress: Retrieve password Need to register? Click here Services: Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Site News Bar Subscriptions Media Information Contact Us LANGUAGE: بالعربية All Articles Videos Photos Companies People Home GCC Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Loading... Industries Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology more Transport Travel & Hospitality Loading... Markets Equities Commodities Currencies Market Data Companies A-Z Loading... Opinion Comment Reader Comments AB Cafe Loading... Interviews Banking & Finance Construction Culture & Society Education Energy Healthcare Media Politics Real Estate more Retail Sport Technology Travel & Hospitality Transport Loading... Photos Loading... Videos Loading... Lists Loading... Lifestyle Wellness Arts Cars & Boats Gourmet Gadgets Sport Travel Style Loading... StartUp Loading... CEO Loading... Company News Loading... Property News Listings Property Index Loading... Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology Transport Travel & Hospitality Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank issues Formosa bond Bonds are sold in Taiwan by foreign issuers and denominated in currencies other than Taiwanese dollar By Reuters Sunday, 19 March 2017 5:27 PM (Getty Images) Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank (ADCB), the emirate's second largest bank by assets, raised $230 million through the sale of a five-year Formosa bond, its second issuance sold in Taiwan this quarter, sources told Reuters on Sunday. At least two other Gulf banks have made similar forays into the Formosa market in the past year as they look to diversify their funding sources. Formosa bonds are sold in Taiwan by foreign issuers and denominated in currencies other than the Taiwanese dollar. ADCB's five-year issue, which was placed with institutional investors, was arranged by JPMorgan Chase & Co, the sources said. ADCB declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. This quarter, the bank raised about $750 million through a five-year Formosa bond, which was also placed with institutional investors, one of the sources said. That issue was arranged by Morgan Stanley. National Bank of Abu Dhabi raised $885 million through the sale of a 30-year Formosa bond in January after issuing a $696 million public Formosa bond in October. Qatar National Bank in July printed $330m of five-year Formosa floating-rate notes, two months after issuing three-year floating-rate notes of $1.1 billion. Follow @ArabianBusiness Related: Stories Abu Dhabi bank ADCB posts 16% slump in Q4 net profit Abu Dhabi Investment Council increases ADCB stake to 62.52% Abu Dhabi's ADCB closes $600m syndicated loan deal Shares in ADCB, UNB, ADIB resume trading Shares in ADCB, UNB, ADIB suspended after bank merger speculation Companies Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank Also in Banking & Finance Abu Dhabi's Waha Capital in talks on first Saudi investments What the Gulf's rich list really think about region's economy Also in UAE Dubai's Emirates prepares for holiday rush this weekend UK asked for extra security measures at DXB Join the Discussion Disclaimer:The view expressed here by our readers are not necessarily shared by Arabian Business, its employees, sponsors or its advertisers. NOTE: Comments posted on arabianbusiness.com may be printed in the magazine Arabian Business Please post responsibly. Commenter Rules No comments yet, be the first! Add your comment (1000 characters left) 
 Your name: Email address:(will not be published) Country: All comments are subject to approval before appearing Submit Further reading Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank Get E-Mail Alerts Banking & Finance Get E-Mail Alerts 100 Most Powerful Arabs Under 40 - Top 5 from UAE »           View complete list Photo Galleries Videos How to pull off business casual Where to go for a movie night out In pictures: King Abdallah II of Jordan visit Morocco In pictures: Britain's Houses of Parliament attack In pictures: Laval Virtual kicks off in France In pictures: Wahat Al Karama memorial Best of the Day: Pictures from round the world Five mystic sites to visit in 2017 In pictures: Museum of Islamic Art by IM Pei in Doha Top apps business travellers will actually use In pictures: New Dubai beachfront resort near Burj Al Arab In pictures: Electronics ban on Emirates and Etihad-US bound flights Best of the Day: Pictures from round the world Rock out with your clock out: Best of Piaget, Cartier, IWC and more... In pictures: 9th FAZAA International IPC Athletics Grand Prix Competition In pictures: CeBIT 2017 Video: Emirates airline president questions electronics ban Video: Generations of Flying Falcons in Dubai’s Desert Video: Apple's new Clips app makes videos even more sharable Video: See Jeff Bezos test the giant robot of your nightmares Video: Let us entertain you, says Emirates Airline Airline electronics ban: What you need to know Video: UK follows US in imposing electronic device ban Video: 'Miraculous' escape from burning plane Video: Apple unveils cheapest iPad, exclusive red iPhone Video: Using robots to build a superior golf club Video: Palestinian women bring baseball to Gaza Video: Iraq PM Haider al-Abadi to meet Donald Trump Video: Billionaire philanthropist David Rockefeller dies at 101 Video: Banksy's Walled Off Hotel welcomes its first guests Video: Syria's war widows receive job training Video: Airline bans electronic devices on flights to and from US Features & Analysis Saudi Arabia spends money to make money Tour of Asia by Saudi Arabia's King Salman advances drive to... Soft money: will cash transactions soon be a thing of the past? The rapid digitisation of banking in the UAE is enabling robots... Oman gains breathing space with jumbo $5bn bond sale Order books for the issue totalled $20bn, showing that Oman can... Most Popular Read Photos Videos Commented 1. The World's Most Influential Arab Women: 10 to 1 2. Alabbar's Noon.com set to launch "within weeks" 3. Emirates to allow travellers to keep laptops until boarding 4. Dubai has highest number of self-made billionaires 5. Amazon agrees to buy Middle East online retailer Souq.com 1. Arabian Business KSA Awards 2013 2. Winners of the Arabian Business KSA Awards 2014 3. Arabian Business Achievement KSA Awards 2015 4. How to dress for the Dubai World Cup 5. In pictures: New Dubai beachfront resort near Burj Al Arab 1. Airline electronics ban: What you need to know 2. Review: Lincoln MKZ 2017 1. Tell me again exactly how Dubai has hurt you? 2. Telephone banking in Dubai is about as frustrating as it gets 3. Welcome to the life of one of the UAE’s defence and real estate moguls 4. Dubai, Abu Dhabi airline passengers to be hit by US ban on electronics 5. Kuwait lawyer seeks driving ban for expats Most Discussed 24 hrs 7 days 4 weeks 10 Welcome to the life of one of the UAE’s defence and real estate moguls @ John Kirk - you stated "under Obama the economy was horrible" ... are you serious???? You live on Earth right?? Obama inherited one of the worst ever... more Thursday, 23 March 2017 11:27 AM - John Thomas 6 Kuwait lawyer seeks driving ban for expats Anyone with an ounce of sense that has visited Kuwait realizes that the traffic congestion is mainly due to lack of proper road development, timing on... more Thursday, 23 March 2017 8:26 AM - ahmed 4 How to survive a flight from Dubai without a laptop Airlines can provide tablets or laptops to their first and Business class passengers more Thursday, 23 March 2017 8:31 AM - Baig Read all user comments » 49 Tell me again exactly how Dubai has hurt you? Today, CNBC published a report on the world's most expensive cities to live in (http://www.cnbc.com/id/104347696). The ten most expensive cities are as... more Wednesday, 22 March 2017 8:36 AM - WHJ 17 Telephone banking in Dubai is about as frustrating as it gets Customer services in GCC and India is non existent. I have accounts in India in two leading banks and I am suffering from not being able to bank for last... more Thursday, 23 March 2017 8:29 AM - Sal 10 Welcome to the life of one of the UAE’s defence and real estate moguls @ John Kirk - you stated "under Obama the economy was horrible" ... are you serious???? You live on Earth right?? Obama inherited one of the worst ever... more Thursday, 23 March 2017 11:27 AM - John Thomas Read all user comments » 49 Tell me again exactly how Dubai has hurt you? Today, CNBC published a report on the world's most expensive cities to live in (http://www.cnbc.com/id/104347696). The ten most expensive cities are as... more Wednesday, 22 March 2017 8:36 AM - WHJ 17 Telephone banking in Dubai is about as frustrating as it gets Customer services in GCC and India is non existent. I have accounts in India in two leading banks and I am suffering from not being able to bank for last... more Thursday, 23 March 2017 8:29 AM - Sal 15 Al Etihad Credit Bureau working to expose over-leveraged borrowers There are many tips, dos and donts to engage and motivate employees. Motivators must always match the bank’s ethics and values not fear factor, conspiracy... more Sunday, 19 March 2017 9:00 AM - Henryk Read all user comments » Visit other ITP Media Group sites AhlanLive.com ArabianBusiness.com/Arabic ArabianBusiness.com/Jobs ArabianBusiness.com/property ArabianIndustry.com ArabianOilAndGas.com ArabianSupplyChain.com ArabianTravelNews.net AviationBusinessME.com CommsMEA.com ConstructionWeekOnline.com ConstructionWeekOnline.in DesignMENA.com DigitalStudiome.com HotelierIndia.com HotelierMiddleeast.com ITP.com ITP.net (English / Arabic) Khabarkhaleeji.com Masala.com TimeOutAbuDhabi.com TimeOutBahrain.com TimeOutDubai.com (English / Arabic) TimeOutDoha.com TimeoutTickets.com Utilities-ME.com VivaMagazine.ae Associated Events Arabian Business Conference Arabian Business Kuwait Awards Architect Awards Arabian Business Awards, KSA, 2010 Arabian Business Women’s Forum CEO Middle East Awards CW Awards FM Awards Hotelier Awards MEP Awards StartUp Academy Supply Chain and Transport Awards Time Out Dubai Nightlife Awards Time Out Restaurant Awards (Abu Dhabi / Dubai) Subscriptions Magazines E-newsletters RSS Feeds » Banking & Finance Construction Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Technology Energy Media Retail Healthcare Education Transport Topics Topics Press Releases All Press Releases Tenders in the Middle East Tenders in the Middle East Join us on Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Subscribe Media kit Advertise With Us Press Releases
Skip to content Thursday, March 23, 2017 Petro Global News 24 Home Crude Oil Regulation International Business About – Staff Contact Privacy Policy You are here Home > Business > The Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Decreases Stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) The Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Decreases Stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) March 20, 2017 Mark Robinson Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY decreased its position in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) by 4.1% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 187,435 shares of the investment management company’s stock after selling 8,081 shares during the period. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s holdings in Goldman Sachs Group were worth $44,881,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. CAPROCK Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 5.6% in the second quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. now owns 4,322 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $642,000 after buying an additional 228 shares during the last quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. boosted its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 35.1% in the second quarter. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Co. now owns 7,269 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $1,080,000 after buying an additional 1,888 shares during the last quarter. Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the second quarter worth about $2,318,000. Carnick & Kubik Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the second quarter worth about $254,000. Finally, Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 26.3% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 112,955 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $16,783,000 after buying an additional 23,529 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) opened at 246.78 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $102.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.15 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group Inc has a 12 month low of $138.20 and a 12 month high of $255.15. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $245.06 and a 200 day moving average price of $211.40. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, January 18th. The investment management company reported $5.08 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $4.82 by $0.26. The firm earned $8.17 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.80 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 12.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $4.68 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Goldman Sachs Group Inc will post $19.14 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be given a $0.65 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 28th. This represents a $2.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.05%. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently 15.89%. A number of research analysts have issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Tuesday. Vetr cut Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $225.14 price target for the company. in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. CLSA reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $275.00 price target on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Friday, January 13th. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $221.18. In other Goldman Sachs Group news, EVP Alan M. Cohen sold 5,599 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $250.16, for a total value of $1,400,645.84. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,135 shares in the company, valued at $19,296,091.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director James A. /Dc/ Johnson sold 11,600 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total value of $2,714,284.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 11,600 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,714,284. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 128,590 shares of company stock valued at $30,926,594 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 2.61% of the company’s stock. About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is a bank holding company and a financial holding company. The Company operates through four segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. The Company’s Investment Banking segment provides financial advisory services, which include advisory assignments with respect to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, spin-offs and risk management. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS). Post navigation The NRG Energy Inc (NRG) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY The MiX Telematics Ltd – (MIXT) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Related posts The Microsoft’s (MSFT) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Pacific Crest March 23, 2017 Mark Williams Pacific Crest reiterated their buy rating on shares of Microsoft Co. (NASDAQ:MSFT) in a report released... The Caretrust REIT Inc (CTRE) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets March 23, 2017 Mark Williams Caretrust REIT Inc (NASDAQ:CTRE)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at BMO Capital... The Zacks: Anhui Conch Cement (AHCHY) Given Average Rating of “” by Brokerages March 23, 2017 Mark Williams Anhui Conch Cement (NASDAQ:AHCHY) has been given an average broker rating score of 0.00 () from... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Microsoft’s (MSFT) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Pacific Crest The Caretrust REIT Inc (CTRE) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets The Zacks: Anhui Conch Cement (AHCHY) Given Average Rating of “” by Brokerages The Zacks: Tokyo Electron (TOELY) Given Average Recommendation of “” by Brokerages The Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Give Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. (EVBS) a $11.00 Price Target The MTGE Investment Corp (MTGE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research The ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) Insider Sells $87,468.00 in Stock The Insider Selling: Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC) Director Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock The Idera Pharmaceuticals’ (IDRA) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Wedbush The Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €105.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts The Pets at Home Group PLC’s (PETS) Hold Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc The Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€77.00” Price Target for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) The Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Purchases 450 Shares of FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) The Vident Investment Advisory LLC Acquires 2,064 Shares of Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) The Fortaleza Asset Management Inc. Sells 1,020 Shares of Biogen Inc (BIIB) The Marissa R. Tenazas Sells 5,953 Shares of Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc (FDP) Stock The Brad Robbins Sells 10,000 Shares of Teradyne, Inc. (TER) Stock The FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Easterly Government Properties Inc (DEA) Issued By Jefferies Group The Beacon Securities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for New Look Vision Group Inc (BCI) The 558,596 Shares in Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Acquired by Norges Bank The inTEST Co. (INTT) Major Shareholder Sells $110,038.53 in Stock The FY2017 EPS Estimates for Public Storage Lowered by Cantor Fitzgerald (PSA) The Finsbury Food Group plc (FIF) Rating Reiterated by Panmure Gordon The Dodge & Cox Purchases Shares of 86,035 Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) The Dodge & Cox Buys New Position in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) The 30.5% Stake of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. – (PLYA) Held by Farallon Partners L L C The KeyCorp Comments on Southwestern Energy Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SWN) The Boeing’s (BA) Hold Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity The Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital The Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC © All Right Reserved
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: SeongJoon Cho/Bloomberg Netmarble Seeks as Much as $2.4 Billion in IPO for Gamemaker by Sam Kim @samkimasia More stories by Sam Kim and Hooyeon Kim More stories by Hooyeon Kim March 19, 2017, 8:57 PM EDT March 19, 2017, 11:45 PM EDT A successful IPO could be South Korea’s biggest since 2010 Game publisher’s titles include Lineage 2 Revolution Netmarble Games, South Korea’s largest maker of mobile phone games, filed to raise as much as 2.7 trillion won ($2.4 billion) in an initial public offering. The company will sell 17 million shares at 121,000 won to 157,000 won apiece, Seoul-based Netmarble said in a filing Monday. Final pricing will be announced on April 24. At the top price, a successful IPO would value Netmarble at about 13.3 trillion won. Founded by Bang Jun-hyuk in 2000 with 100 million won of capital, Netmarble is now the ninth-largest game publisher in the world, according to App Annie. The company is capitalizing on rising demand for games played on smartphones as casual players seek new content to play. An IPO at the top price would be the biggest in South Korea since Samsung Life Insurance Co. raised 4.9 trillion won in 2010, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. In December, Netmarble released Lineage 2 Revolution, a role-playing game set in a middle ages fantasy world, and the title collected more than 200 billion won in sales in its first month. Other games by the company include Seven Knights, Everybody’s Marble, and MARVEL Future Fight. NH Investment & Securities Co. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. are the lead managers to the IPO while Korea Investment and Securities Co. and Citigroup Inc. are managers. Netmarble said it plans to spend 1 trillion won on deals and investment with 897 billion won to be used to repay debt. Bang sold a stake in Netmarble to South Korean conglomerate CJ in 2004 and in 2006 he resigned amid health problems. After a five-year break, Bang returned in 2011 and he is now the biggest shareholder with 30.6 percent of the company. CJ E&M holds 27.6 percent while Tencent Holdings Ltd. has 22 percent, according to Monday’s filing. The South Korean company has been expanding overseas, striking a deal in December to buy Kabam’s studios in Vancouver. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Known for its hard-charging culture, the company sparked a national conversation over the welfare of its employees when three Netmarble workers died suddenly between July and November last year. None of the deaths had been ruled as affiliated with the company, according to Netmarble, which has been urging workers to leave on time after some nicknamed their workplace a “lighthouse” for its tendency to operate into late hours. The company has said it will ban all overnight updates starting March -- even if it means a delay in launching new games. Netmarble also pledged to supplement its personnel and grant holidays to employees who work overtime. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Scroll.in - Scroll.in Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Home Video The Latest The Reel The Field Magazine Pulse In Pictures Bookshop Trending Lucknow’s legendary Tunday Kababi reopens, but serves chicken and mutton kebabs for the first time The Daily Fix: By expanding scope of the Finance Bill, Modi government is mocking Indian democracy Why Bhagat Singh was not the ultimate militant nationalist he's made out to be The history of December 6, 1992: How Rama appeared inside the Babri Masjid On Bhagat Singh's death anniversary: 'Why I am an atheist' ‘Kaante’ goes to Hollywood, where it always wanted to belong 'The man who goes on a hunger strike has a soul': When Jinnah defended Bhagat Singh Aadhaar is a legal right, but the government can suspend a citizen's number without prior notice Bhagat Singh lives on in Pakistan today. And he is the unlikely hero the country needs Cutting the hype: There wasn't really much to Manohar Parrikar's stint as defence minister Sections Opinion Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy law and order When it came to Wall Street, Preet Bharara was not so aggressive about tackling misdeeds The Indian-origin US attorney fired by Trump this weekend has been acclaimed for his pursuit of political corruption. Jesse Eisinger, ProPublica Published Mar 15, 2017.   Spencer Platt/ AFP/ Getty Images North America Mar 15, 2017.   Jesse Eisinger, ProPublica Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print After his election in 1968, President Richard Nixon asked Robert Morgenthau, the US Attorney for the Southern District of New York, to resign. Morgenthau refused to leave voluntarily, saying it degraded the office to treat it as a patronage position. Nixon’s move precipitated a political crisis. The president named a replacement. Powerful politicians lined up to support Morgenthau. Morgenthau had taken on mobsters and power brokers. He had repeatedly prosecuted Roy Cohn, the sleazy New York lawyer who had been Senator Joe McCarthy’s right-hand man. (One of Cohn’s clients and protégés was a young New York City real estate developer named Donald Trump.) When Cohn complained that Morgenthau had a vendetta against him, Morgenthau replied, “A man is not immune from prosecution merely because a United States Attorney happens not to like him.” Morgenthau carried that confrontational attitude to the world of business. He pioneered the Southern District’s approach to corporate crime. When his prosecutors took on corporate fraud, they did not reach settlements that called for fines, the current fashion these days. They filed criminal charges against the executives responsible. Before Morgenthau, the Department of Justice focused on two-bit corporate misdeeds – Ponzi schemes and boiler room operations. Morgenthau changed that. His prosecutors went after CEOs and their enablers – the accountants and lawyers who abetted the frauds or looked the other way. “How do you justify prosecuting a 19-year old who sells drugs on a street corner when you say it’s too complicated to go after the people who move the money?” he once asked. Morgenthau’s years as United States Attorney were followed by political success. He was elected New York County District Attorney in 1974, the first of seven consecutive terms for that office. There are parallels between Morgenthau, and Preet Bharara, the US attorney for the Southern District who was fired by President Trump this weekend. Same but different Like Morgenthau, the 48-year old Bharara leaves the office of US Attorney for the Southern District celebrated for taking on corrupt and powerful politicians. Bharara prosecuted two of the infamous “three men in a room” who ran New York state: Sheldon Silver, the Democratic speaker of the assembly and Dean Skelos, the Republican Senate majority leader. He won convictions of a startling array of local politicians, carrying on the work of the Moreland Commission, an ethics inquiry created and then dismissed by New York’s Governor Andrew Cuomo. (This weekend, Bharara cryptically tweeted that “I know what the Moreland Commission must have felt like,” a suggestion that he was fired as he was pursuing cases pointed at Trump or his allies.) But the record shows that Bharara was much less aggressive when it came to confronting Wall Street’s misdeeds. President Obama appointed Bharara in 2009, amid the wreckage of the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. He inherited ongoing investigations into the collapse, including a probe against Lehman Brothers. He also inherited something he and his young charges found more alluring: insider-trading cases against hedge fund managers. His office focused obsessively on those. At one point, the Southern District racked up a record of 85-0 in those cases. (Appeals courts would later throw out two prominent convictions, infuriating him and dealing blows to several other cases.) Hedge funds are safer targets. The firms aren’t enmeshed in the global financial markets in the way that giant banks are. Insider trading cases are relatively easy to win and don’t address systemic abuses that helped bring down the financial system. Even there his record was more mixed than is popularly understood. As Sheelah Kolhatkar demonstrates in her propulsive and riveting Black Edge, when it came to bringing his biggest whale to justice, Steve Cohen of SAC Capital, the Southern District blinked. They did not charge him, only securing a guilty plea from his firm. Present and former prosecutors say Bharara did not give much emphasis to investigations arising from the financial meltdown, an approach shared by his boss, Attorney General Eric Holder. Justice Department insiders say many of those inquiries withered not because they were unpromising, but because they had little support. Bharara missed an opportunity by not bringing any significant criminal charges against individuals in the wake of the collapses of Lehman, investment bank Merrill Lynch, the insurer AIG, the mortgage securities and collateralized debt obligation businesses, or the myriad public misrepresentations from bank CEOs about their finances. A puzzle Bharara and senior officials in Washington argue that there were no criminal cases to file after the 2008 crisis. But the US attorney’s office in Manhattan did pursue significant civil cases against the banks for their mortgage activities, cases that had to prove misconduct by the “preponderance of the evidence.” And DOJ did win guilty pleas from the banks themselves, an indication that prosecutors might have been able to charge individuals for their part in crimes their institutions had acknowledged. Academics who studied those years, including Columbia’s Tomasz Piskorski and James Witkin and Chicago’s Amit Seru found widespread patterns of fraud in the mortgage business. The exception makes this failure all the more puzzling. As I detailed in 2014, Bharara’s office brought one case for misconduct during the financial crisis – against a mid-level banker. Prosecutors charged Kareem Serageldin of Credit Suisse with overseeing traders who knowingly misrepresented the value of mortgage securities. Serageldin pleaded guilty and went to prison. Serageldin’s colleagues in the industry and others familiar with Credit Suisse found it hard to believe that he was the only person involved in that particular fraud. Bharara’s reluctance to pursue senior executives was seen in other investigations of big banks. His office wrested a $1.7 billion fine from JPMorgan Chase over its complicity in the Bernie Madoff Ponzi scheme, but it brought no charges against individual bankers. One odd aspect of his tenure was the Southern District’s willingness to defer to other jurisdictions when it came to Wall Street cases. Historically, the Southern District of New York has been the leading enforcers of securities laws, nicknamed the “sovereign district” for its propensity to grab corporate fraud cases from elsewhere on the flimsiest of jurisdictional pretexts. Under Bharara, the southern district let other US attorneys claim investigations into residential mortgage-backed securities, the instruments at the heart of the financial crisis. Those other offices were not nearly as versed in complex financial cases as their colleagues in Manhattan. In addition, Bharara’s office ceded post-financial crisis investigations into foreign exchange and global interest rate manipulation to prosecutors working from the Justice Department’s headquarters. Like Morgenthau, Bharara was a prominent figure in the New York landscape, given to well-orchestrated press conferences and memorable sound bites. Like Morgenthau, he did not leave office quietly, even thought the president has a longstanding right to name his own US attorneys. And like Morgenthau, he may try to parlay his martyrdom into elective office. But if he runs on his record of convictions, as prosecutors often do, voters might want to consider as well the list of possible targets he never pursued. This article first appeared on ProPublica. We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in. Wall Street Preet Bharara New York City Donald Trump US Print Related Why the Kolkata High Court is unhappy with the state government Trending Lucknow’s legendary Tunday Kababi reopens, but serves chicken and mutton kebabs for the first time The Daily Fix: By expanding scope of the Finance Bill, Modi government is mocking Indian democracy Why Bhagat Singh was not the ultimate militant nationalist he's made out to be The history of December 6, 1992: How Rama appeared inside the Babri Masjid On Bhagat Singh's death anniversary: 'Why I am an atheist' Sponsored Content  BY  Modern home design trends that are radically changing living spaces in India From structure to finishes, modern homes embody lifestyle. Published Mar 07, 2017.   Posted on Flickr.com by Design Milk Mar 07, 2017.   Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Homes in India are evolving to become works of art as home owners look to express their taste and lifestyle through design. It’s no surprise that global home design platform Houzz saw over a million visitors every month from India, even before their services were locally available. Architects and homeowners are spending enormous time and effort over structural elements as well as interior features, to create beautiful and comfortable living spaces. Here’s a look at the top trends that are altering and enhancing home spaces in India. Cantilevers. A cantilever is a rigid structural element like a beam or slab that protrudes horizontally out of the main structure of a building. The cantilevered structure almost seems to float on air. While small balconies of such type have existed for eons, construction technology has now enabled large cantilevers, that can even become large rooms. A cantilever allows for glass facades on multiple sides, bringing in more sunlight and garden views. It works wonderfully to enhance spectacular views especially in hill or seaside homes. The space below the cantilever can be transformed to a semi-covered garden, porch or a sit-out deck. Cantilevers also help conserve ground space, for lawns or backyards, while enabling more built-up area. Cantilevers need to be designed and constructed carefully else the structure could be unstable and lead to floor vibrations. Butterfly roofs. Roofs don’t need to be flat - in fact roof design can completely alter the size and feel of the space inside. A butterfly roof is a dramatic roof arrangement shaped, as the name suggests, like a butterfly. It is an inverted version of the typical sloping roof - two roof surfaces slope downwards from opposing edges to join around the middle in the shape of a mild V. This creates more height inside the house and allows for high windows which let in more light. On the inside, the sloping ceiling can be covered in wood, aluminium or metal to make it look stylish. The butterfly roof is less common and is sure to add uniqueness to your home. Leading Indian architecture firms, Sameep Padora’s sP+a and Khosla Associates, have used this style to craft some stunning homes and commercial projects. The Butterfly roof was first used by Le Corbusier, the Swiss-French architect who later designed the city of Chandigarh, in his design of the Maison Errazuriz, a vacation house in Chile in 1930. Butterfly roof and cantilever (Image credit: Design Milk on Flickr.com) Skylights. Designing a home to allow natural light in is always preferred. However, spaces, surrounding environment and privacy issues don’t always allow for large enough windows. Skylights are essentially windows in the roof, though they can take a variety of forms. A well-positioned skylight can fill a room with natural light and make a huge difference to small rooms as well as large living areas. However, skylights must be intelligently designed to suit the climate and the room. Skylights facing north, if on a sloping roof, will bring in soft light, while a skylight on a flat roof will bring in sharp glare in the afternoons. In the Indian climate, a skylight will definitely reduce the need for artificial lighting but could also increase the need for air-conditioning during the warm months. Apart from this cleaning a skylight requires some effort. Nevertheless, a skylight is a very stylish addition to a home, and one that has huge practical value. Staircases. Staircases are no longer just functional. In modern houses, staircases are being designed as aesthetic elements in themselves, sometimes even taking the centre-stage. While the form and material depend significantly on practical considerations, there are several trendy options. Floating staircases are hugely popular in modern, minimalist homes and add lightness to a normally heavy structure. Materials like glass, wood, metal and even coloured acrylic are being used in staircases. Additionally, spaces under staircases are being creatively used for storage or home accents. Floating staircase (Image credit: Design Milk on Flickr.com) Exposed Brick Walls. Brickwork is traditionally covered with plaster and painted. However, ‘exposed’ bricks, that is un-plastered masonry, is becoming popular in homes, restaurants and cafes. It adds a rustic and earthy feel. Exposed brick surfaces can be used in home interiors, on select walls or throughout, as well as exteriors. Exposed bricks need to be treated to be moisture proof. They are also prone to gathering dust and mould, making regular cleaning a must. Exposed brick wall - interior (Image Credit: Pexels) Brick cladding (Image Credit: Pexels) Exterior exposed brick facade (Image Credit: Pexels) Cement work. Don’t underestimate cement and concrete when it comes to design potential. Exposed concrete interiors, like exposed brick, are becoming very popular. The design philosophy is ‘Less is more’ - the structure is simplistic and pops of colour are added through furniture and soft furnishings. Exposed concrete wall (Image Credit: Getty Images) When building your home, it is important to use strong and durable materials. A value-added premium product with high compressive strength, Birla Gold cement is used to make tough, impermeable concrete that sets quickly, lasts long and minimises cracking. Its durability will ensure that your dream home always looks new and the steel structure inside remains protected. Birla Gold offers variants that are optimised for different needs. The unique hydraulic binding properties of the Birla Gold Premium cement variant prevent seepage, making it resistant to even corrosive water, especially important for houses in coastal cities. The Birla Gold Royal cement variant provides very high strength and is perfect for the foundation. As the video below says, with the different varieties of cement that Birla Gold offers, you can build the home of your dreams. Play This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of Birla Gold Premium Cement and not by the Scroll editorial team. Print
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Technology Experian partners with tech firm to speed up lending Add to ... By Anna Irrera NEW YORK — Reuters Published Sunday, Mar. 19, 2017 7:32PM EDT Last updated Sunday, Mar. 19, 2017 7:32PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Credit bureau Experian Plc has teamed up with technology firm Finicity to launch a new product aimed at speeding up the consumer lending process in the United States making it more digital. By using Finicity's technology, which aggregates data on accounts from thousands of banks and financial institutions, Experian's new service will give lenders real-time access to information on a customer's assets, income and ability to pay, the companies said. This means consumers will be able to apply for mortgages without having to provide reams of paper-based verification documents during the underwriting process, the companies said. Instead they will only need to authorize lenders to view their account data, the companies said. They said the new service, set to launch on Monday, could reduce the underwriting process from as many as 70 days to up to 10 days. The launch reflects the growing pressure faced by banks and other brick-and-mortar lenders to offer better digital services to their customers. Banks have been facing more competition from a new cohort of online lenders which are able to offer loans online in days or minutes by automating much of the process. Some banks have responded by either partnering with digital lenders or launching their own online lending services. JPMorgan Chase & Co said in February that it was gradually introducing a digital mortgage platform where customers can apply online and track applications by mobile phone, while Goldman Sachs Group Inc launched online consumer lending platform Marcus last year. Experian and Finicity said their product will also help consumers with little or no credit history by enabling lenders to access alternative data which can be used to demonstrate whether they would be able to repay a loan. This includes information such as their rent payments and utility and phone bills. It comes as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau conducts an inquiry into ways to expand access to credit for consumers with little or no credit history through the use of alternative data. The regulator is seeking public feedback on the benefits and risks of using such alternative data sources. (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Alistair Bell) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$87.28 -0.25 (-0.29%) GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$230.95 -0.12 (-0.05%) Updated March 23 9:31 AM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics United States of America The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Experian Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Globe Drive We experience many firsts driving the Ferrari-fast Tesla Model X News Opinion: John Ibbitson: Liberal budget touts innovation, but really offers nothing Report on Business Budget 'business as usual' says TD's chief economist Technology Apple unveils new iPad, updated iPhone News Raw video shows aftermath of two incidents near the British parliament News Rona Ambrose, Tom Mulcair slam federal budget News PM May: London attacker was British born, known to intelligence services News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station Life Amputee man adopts amputee dog News Police make arrests in probe into UK parliament attack News British MP gives account of incidents at U.K. parliament Life Baby Dominique, born with four legs, recovering from surgery ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Drive Ten great cars for the realities of city driving Report on Business Study shows the power of entrepreneurship training programs for women, minorities More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor There’s always a reason to sell stocks Arts Canada Council cruises through budget as U.S. arts fund faces attack Most popular U.K. attacker was British-born man; eight others arrested 2017 federal budget highlights: 10 things you need to know March 23: Your daily horoscope Ten ways the 2017 federal budget will affect your personal finances Liberals defer major tax pledge in 2017 federal budget X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Is This the Golden Age for Financial Stocks? By Chris Lange March 16, 2017 10:30 am EDT Print Email Tweet The U.S. economy is building momentum, and a large part of this has been the financial sector. “The Big Short” guy, Steven Eisman, even said back in December that we are entering a golden age for financial stocks, considering the rate hikes that were on the horizon. One analyst took this idea and ran with it after the Federal Reserve just hiked its rates this week. The recent rate hike from the Fed might have been too late to impact the first quarter for the major banks, but it sets an optimistic outlook for the industry. Fed Chair Yellen appears to be moving away from being data dependent, with the momentum that the Trump rally has brought. As a result we might expect a few more rate hikes this year, which ultimately would benefit these major banks. Credit Suisse took this opportunity to weigh in on a couple of the major banks that stand to benefit the most from this rate hike. The brokerage firm has an Outperform rating for Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) and raised its price target slightly to $27 from $26. Credit Suisse also hiked its expectations for this megabank going forward. The firm raised its full-year 2017 earnings estimate to $1.74 per share from $1.72. Carrying through the assumed benefit of additional U.S. interest rate hikes, with reasonably conservative deposit beta assumptions, the 2018 estimate increases to $2.10 per share from $2.05. This franchise can grow, and all the more so in a rising rate environment. Better revenue growth coupled with visible operating leverage and manageable credit cost increases will be the keys to realization of franchise value. Shares of Bank of America were trading up 1% at $25.43 on Thursday. The stock has a 52-week trading range of $12.05 to $25.80 and a consensus analyst price target of $24.94. Credit Suisse has an Outperform rating for JPMorgan and raised its price target to $99 from $96. The brokerage firm commented in its report: We’ve updated our earnings model to reflect changing macro assumptions—slower loan growth (through the first half of 2017), more favorable commercial credit quality trends, and higher interest rates (the likelihood that our banks benefit from at least two rate hikes in 2017). Incorporating these changes, our full year 2017 estimate increases to $6.55 from $6.50 per share. Carrying through the assumed benefit of additional U.S. interest rate hikes, with reasonably conservative deposit beta assumptions, our 2018E increases to $7.55 from $7.40 per share. Factoring in these estimate changes, our target price increases to $99 from $96. JPMorgan’s sustained share price outperformance relies on above average and improving return on equity prospects consistent with what it has observed in recent results and what it expects going forward. JPMorgan shares were last seen up 1% at $92.71, with a consensus price target of $90.44 and a 52-week range of $57.05 to $93.98. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Fiat Chrysler Rejects Volkswagen Merger Idea, or Does It? Tesla Defies Gravity With More Capital Being Raised » Read more: Banking & Finance, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Federal Reserve, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Baidu and Tencent Just Invested in this Electric Vehicle Maker Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 3/23/17 - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Supreme Court Decides For Workers and Against Private Equity in Important Bankruptcy Case, Jevic - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Commercial & Residential Real Estate Bubble Again a Risk to Financial Stability; Fed’s Rosengren Worried - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith Alice in Gender-Gap Land - 03/23/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/22/2017 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Taking on Trump’s Agenda: Nine Tough Questions for SEC Chair Nominee Jay Clayton on the Eve of His Confirmation Hearings - 03/22/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 3/22/17 - 03/22/2017 - Lambert Strether Even Before Brexit Triggered, EU Again Signals It Is Not Budging on “Shape of the Table” Issue - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith Who Benefits From the Mayo Clinic Explicitly Putting Commercially Insured Patients Ahead of Some Government Insured Patients? - 03/22/2017 - Yves Smith 4 Charts on Wall Street’s Outsized Pay Posted on March 17, 2017 by Yves Smith Here we are, nearly ten years after the financial crisis. The financial services industry is so heavily subsidized as to not be properly considered to be private enterprise, yet even mid-level people get pay packages that would outrage any voter if an elected official made that much. But the inadequate new regulations imposed in the bust and the less attractive profit prospects resulting from the super-low rates have some bankers chafing. Big-name players have been going West to the greener pastures of Silicon Valley. By Sarah Anderson, who directs the Global Economy project at the Institute for Policy Studies and is the author of the new report Off the Deep End: The Wall Street Bonus Pool and Low-Wage Workers. Originally published at Alternet Every year, the New York Comptroller releases a big number representing the combined value of the bonuses Wall Street banks have doled out to their employees. The state government keeps track of these payouts because a really big number boosts their local tax base. And this year’s number, released March 15, is indeed gigantic: $23.9 billion. But imagine if those huge sums were channeled instead into the pockets of low-wage workers. The economy would get a much bigger bang for the buck because the poor tend to spend nearly every dollar they earn, creating beneficial economic ripple effects. The wealthy, by contrast, can afford to squirrel away more of their earnings. And so while the Wall Street bonus season may coincide with an uptick in luxury goods sales, a minimum wage hike would give America’s economy a much greater boost. A new Institute for Policy Studies report includes four dramatic charts that reveal how the increase in Wall Street bonuses has far outpaced the rise in the federal minimum wage — and how this in turn has contributed to race and gender inequality. Wall Street Bonuses v. Minimum Wage Earners Wall Street banks doled out $23.9 billion in bonuses to their 177,000 New York-based employees, which amounts to 1.6 times the combined earnings of all 1,075,000 Americans who work full-time at the current federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour. The average Wall Street bonus increased by just 1 percent last year. But the nominal value of the average bonus has grown by 890 percent since 1985, from $13,970 to $138,210. Meanwhile, the minimum wage has risen only 116 percent, from $3.35 per hour to $7.25. Adjusted for inflation, the minimum wage was nearly 3 percent lower in 2016 than in 1985, whereas the average bonus was about 343 percent higher. The Race and Gender Divide Over the past three decades, the dramatic rise in average financial industry bonuses relative to the minimum wage has contributed to racial and gender inequality. Workers at the bottom of the national wage scale are predominantly people of color and female, whereas those in Wall Street’s upper echelons are overwhelmingly white and male. At the top five U.S. investment banks (JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley, and Citigroup), the share of executives and top managers who are white ranges from 84 to 87 percent and the share who are male ranges from 66 to 84 percent, according to the firms’ own reports (see sources section). By contrast, only 44 percent of minimum wage workers are white and an even smaller share, just 37 percent, are male. For Wall Street employees, annual bonuses come as an extra reward on top of their base salaries, which averaged $388,000 in 2015, the most recent year for which data are available. According to the New York State Comptroller, this is five times higher than the average salary for other New York City private sector employees. On top of their cash salary and bonuses, top Wall Street executives also typically receive massive stock options and grants, most of which are deemed fully deductible “performance-based” pay and thus fully tax-deductible for the firm. According to a 2016 Institute for Policy Studies report, the top 20 U.S. banks paid out more than $2 billion in fully deductible performance pay to their top five executives between 2012 and 2015. At a 35 percent corporate tax rate, this translates into a tax break of more than $725 million, or $1.7 million per executive per year. Wall Street Bonuses v. Low-Wage Service Workers While living wage campaigns have been successful in many cities, Oxfam and the Economic Policy Institute report that 44 percent of U.S. workers still earn less than $15 per hour. This is the wage level needed to cover basic living costs in most areas of the country, according to the National Employment Law Project. The Wall Street bonus pool was large enough in 2016 to have lifted all of America’s 3.2 million fast food prep and serving workers up to $15 per hour — and still have had $776 million left over. Or that bonus pool could have raised to $15 the hourly wage of all our nation’s 1.7 million home care aides or all of our 3.1 million restaurant servers and bartenders. Wall Street Bonus Reform Long Overdue Huge Wall Street bonus payouts also encourage the sorts of high-risk behaviors that led to the 2008 financial crisis. And yet financial regulators have still not implemented a Wall Street bonus reform law that has been on the books for nearly seven years. Section 956 of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation prohibits financial industry pay packages that encourage “inappropriate risks.” Regulators were supposed to implement this new rule within nine months of the law’s passage. In 2011, regulators issued a proposed rule that did not go far enough to prevent the type of behavior that led to the 2008 crash. As spelled out in detail in Institute for Policy Studies comments to the SEC, the proposed rule falls short in several areas, including overly lenient bonus deferrals, weak stock-based pay restrictions, and enforcement proposals that leave too much discretion to bank managers. While regulators responded to criticism by agreeing to issue a new proposal, this work was not completed before the end of the Obama administration. And now with Republican control of both Congress and the White House, there is a strong chance it will be postponed indefinitely. House Republican leadership introduced a bill in the last session to repeal most of the Dodd-Frank reform package, including the Wall Street pay provision. President Donald Trump has also vowed to “do a big number” on the landmark financial reform legislation. In the meantime, the Wall Street bonus culture that contributed to the 2008 financial crisis continues to flourish. 70021 This entry was posted in Banking industry, Free markets and their discontents, Guest Post, Income disparity, Regulations and regulators, The destruction of the middle class on March 17, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Confirming Our Chicago Meetup Next Friday, March 24 The Canadian Establishment and Prime Minister Trudeau Aim at Ousting Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland → Subscribe to Post Comments 21 comments Gman March 17, 2017 at 3:55 am So Capitalism for the poor, Socialism for the the rich continues apace then? Good to know there are some things in life we can still rely on. Reply ↓ Ignacio March 17, 2017 at 4:27 am Guillotines is what we need. Don’t we? Reply ↓ Vatch March 17, 2017 at 10:05 am We do need them. But we need to plan carefully — we also need tumbrels to get the banksters to the guillotines. We don’t want the process to be interrupted by systemic bottlenecks. An adequate supply of pitchforks could also be useful. Reply ↓ Mucho March 17, 2017 at 4:35 am Short question: what are the major arguments for saying the financial services industry is so heavily subsidized as to not be properly considered to be private enterprise? I could guess a little, but I lack the knowledge to make more specific arguments. Reply ↓ Foppe March 17, 2017 at 5:20 am All of the im- and explicit guarantees/backstops, low taxes, their TBTF status + the political unwillingness to prosecute individuals. Reply ↓ BillC March 17, 2017 at 7:01 am Not to mention their exclusive government franchise to create US dollars out of thin air (well, really someone has to invest a few computer keystrokes in the effort — unless it’s all done by algorithms now). Reply ↓ JEHR March 17, 2017 at 10:07 am Also QE1, QE2, QE3, the Twist,and the promise of Bail-Ins, Bail-Outs and Negative Interest Rates. Reply ↓ Gman March 17, 2017 at 8:00 am This doesn’t answer your questions specifically, but the crucial place to start is money creation. http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=2nBPN-MKefA Don’t be put off by some of the dubious associations. It’s by no means a perfect explanation of money/debt, how it is created and by whom etc but it informs everything we see unfolding before our eyes today. Hopefully it will help you understand that we are where we are by design, not by the hand of a harsh but fair free market or even by unhappy accident. Reply ↓ Susan March 17, 2017 at 10:48 am With regard to private banks create money – unequivocally true, this struck me: “The economy would get a much bigger bang for the buck because the poor tend to spend nearly every dollar they earn, creating beneficial economic ripple effects.” Wait. What if the poor aren’t actually on a shopping spree as assumed? It’s a mystery. Maybe not. Consider: “Because they have never learned to even contemplate that perhaps people can be so deep in debt that they have nothing left to spend. Instead, their knowledge base states that if people don’t spend, they must be saving. Those are the sole two options. And so if the US government reports that 863,000 underpaid new waiters have been hired, these waiters have to go out and spend all that underpayment, they must consume. And if they don’t, that becomes The American Mystery Story.” https://www.theautomaticearth.com/2015/03/the-american-story-is-a-mystery-only-to-economists/ It is no wonder the bankers don’t want us to pay down our debts – they carry interest which feed the bankers. Considering that according to the calculations of Margrit Kennedy, 45% interest is fed to bankers with every dollar that is exchanged even when we’re just “trading” in the marketplace. https://youtu.be/QuBy3BzCXwg So yes, I can see how these bankers collect these huge bonuses since they loan/create money as debt. We’ve allowed the entire business of sovereign currency issue to become privatized as debt issue. Add tax arbitrage to the mix, and you’ve got a fine cocktail. The duplicitous bankers will simultaneously grab what assets you may have (home) with a wallop of shaming because you don’t pay your debt, yet give you the gaze of disdain when you pay off the mortgage or pay off a credit card net 30. Because – without our debt, they aren’t fed with the caviar to which they’ve become accustomed. Reply ↓ Gman March 17, 2017 at 4:26 pm Indeed. As I stated the other day, somewhat controversially it would appear with one poster not a million miles above (who did see fit to offer me some ‘helpful’ aversion therapy by providing some links on the history of debt WTF?!?) the real ‘wealth creators’ in the current debt based system, certainly in terms of volume, are the borrowers not, as we are often led to believe, the blessed few who make money in their sleep lending at no personal risk and with impunity according to demand. The debt created is a mortgage on the fruits of future labours of borrowers if you like and adds to the money supply. Central bank systems are as good as ‘privatised’ as you say. A magic money tree in which its owners, close associates and myriad of self-serving cronies have realised, particularly post 2008, they can effectively now run for maximum profit at minimal cost, in no small part thanks to ‘benign’ monetary policy, and without the genuine downtrodden, fearful ‘wealth creators’ barely raising a finger of dissent. Additionally it also helps that there are plenty of trusting and naive souls out there who actually still buy into the lie that it might have been their relatively infinitesimal excesses which bought us to where we are, and it is they who are the architects of their own misery, but unsurprisingly this fallacious narrative clearly suits some. Reply ↓ Mucho March 17, 2017 at 11:08 am Thanks for all the info! Reply ↓ PKMKII March 17, 2017 at 9:19 am So Wall St. bonuses shot up 890% during the same period that gave us the S&L crisis, Black Monday, the web 1.0 bubble burst, and then the Great Recession. Retaining the most competent employees, my tukhus. Reply ↓ oho March 17, 2017 at 10:36 am this is an unpopular opinion and gonna get me flamed—you can’t have $15/hr statutory min. wage + non-enforcement of immigration laws on employers/at the border. pick one or the other. the incentive for employers to cheat is too great. just saying. i understand if i get flamed. Reply ↓ tegnost March 17, 2017 at 10:42 am seems pretty sensible to me, and also to canada and mexico who both control their immigration, I can’t go work in either place…and then there’s the robots…. Reply ↓ wilroncanada March 17, 2017 at 1:33 pm They control their documented immigration, just as the US does. Big and small employers love undocumented immigrants in all three countries. Don’t blame other countries for your country’s failure to hold big employer scammers particularly to heel. It’s not a bug in your country; it’s a feature. Reply ↓ hoh March 17, 2017 at 1:23 pm Totally agree. On this, I’d even say I agree with Trump that we need to reign in illegal immigration, but by going after the companies who hire them, not by building some dumb wall. Reply ↓ Winston Smith March 17, 2017 at 2:54 pm And trade agreements that decimates another countries agriculture! NAFTA not only farked up things in manufacturing in the US, but for Mexican farmers as well! Reply ↓ Will S. March 17, 2017 at 1:32 pm IMHO, if we took immigration enforcement on employers more seriously there would be less need for border enforcement. Latino agricultural workers (since that’s what the popular imagination conjures in response to the term “immigrants,” not Indian engineers on H1-Bs working for Facebook) aren’t going to show up to work for starvation wages if even the starvation wages aren’t available. A while ago I saw a liberal “defense” of immigration, basically along the lines of, “Without underpaid ag workers food will cost a bunch more, so we need immigrants!” My response was “WTF, are you seriously defending what practically amounts to slave plantation owners right now?” It really shows how far the technocrats in the MSM & Dem establishment have taken us from any left ideology: their “defense of immigrants” is actually a defense of exploitative labor practices. Reply ↓ Dead Dog March 17, 2017 at 4:09 pm Yes, Will. Here in Queensland, most of the banana, avocado, strawberry, mango, pineapples etc – are picked by young travellers on a working visa. They get the legal rate of about $20. Why aren’t me and other underemployed people doing this work? It is hot and hard labor, where you drink and sweat 5 kg of water. And $20 is not enough. So yes exploitative is the word Reply ↓ Expat March 18, 2017 at 4:12 am As a former Wall Street investment banker, I would cheerfully pull the lever on each and every bank and banker. They provide few necessary services and represent a gigantic drain on the productive economy. Investment banks exist only to siphon off or outright steal money from the productive part of the economy. The few useful services they provide could be done for peanuts by a handful of banks. A common contention is that there are few bad apples on Wall Street. My experience indicates that each and every employee is complicit in the basically fraudulent business they run. Secretaries and drivers all know the score even if they don’t know the details. As Lloyd Blankfein said, they are doing God’s work, but only if it’s the God of the Old Testament and the bankers are the Jews. Everyone else gets raped, pillaged and smited. My long-standing solution was, is and shall be a neutron bomb strike on Manhattan and Stamford. Reply ↓ blert March 19, 2017 at 3:47 am The actionable place to start is the Derivatives ‘market.’ ( It’s a con game. ) The biggest sub-market is the purchase of interest rate protection… in all its guises. You have four hyper-dominant players writing 99% of all such contracts. (!!!) When the Fed held down interest rates for years on end, it made writing such protection the closest thing to printing money. The con is that the players writing the protection are largely in control of interest rates — via their influence at the Fed and Treasury. This ‘game’ is the true source of Wall Street’s astounding money skim. A big rise in interest rates will, of course, blow all four institutions up. Suddenly, they’d be paying out gazzillions. This racket must be terminated. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Rory on Supreme Court Decides For Workers and Against Private Equity in Important Bankruptcy Case, JevicDidn't someone say back in the 30's when... Andrew Foland on Links 3/23/17On the Heisenberg article, the Uncertainty Principle was... PlutoniumKun on Links 3/23/17I'd take a contrary view on that article.... Katniss Everdeen on Links 3/23/17You'll know it's really getting serious when debt... McWatt on Commercial & Residential Real Estate Bubble Again a Risk to Financial Stability; Fed’s Rosengren WorriedHere in our town the triennial property tax... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (93) Banana republic (3,001) Banking industry (4,635) Brexit (45) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (562) Commodities (454) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,621) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,454) Dubious statistics (574) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,751) Energy markets (503) Environment (450) Europe (618) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,402) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (319) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,425) Health care (386) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (943) India (15) Infrastructure (77) Investment banks (744) Investment management (494) Investment outlook (849) Japan (204) Legal (1,874) Links (3,031) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (228) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (140) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (286) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (4,997) Private equity (508) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,521) Regulations and regulators (3,566) Ridiculously obvious scams (435) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,009) Social values (1,782) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (119) Taxes (382) Technology and innovation (447) The destruction of the middle class (1,328) The dismal science (1,456) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (637) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Mar 20, 2017 - Page 14　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp World Business Quick Take Agencies Germany Siemens denies cover-up Siemens AG said a decision not to publish a manuscript about the company’s recent history, including some findings about a corruption scandal, was not a cover-up. German weekly Der Spiegel said Siemens had failed to honor an agreement with two historians to publish a book manuscript which has been completed since 2014. Siemens was involved in one of Germany’s biggest corporate bribery scandals. The firm was exposed as having run an elaborate bribery network, paying more than USS$1 billion in kickbacks to win contracts worldwide. Siemens denied allegations raised in the Der Spiegel report. TURKEY Credit outlook lowered Moody’s Investors Service lowered Turkey’s credit outlook, citing persistent political uncertainty after the failed coup in July last year. Moody’s reduced the outlook to negative from stable and kept its rating one notch below investment grade at “Ba1,” on par with Russia, according to a statement on Friday. Fitch Ratings ranks the nation at the same level, citing the continuing erosion of Turkey’s institutional strength and weaker growth outlook as reasons for its change. LAYOFFS Indiana factories cut jobs About 1,500 workers at three Indiana factories are still facing layoffs, despite hopes that US President Donald Trump would intervene to prevent their jobs from moving to Mexico. The first wave of 50 layoffs has already happened at United Technologies Corp’s 700-worker electronics plant in Huntington, which is slated for closure. Another 550 job cuts are expected at Carrier Corp’s Indianapolis factory, where Trump’s intervention last fall curbed job losses, but did not halt them altogether. ENTERTAINMENT Disney to pay back wages Walt Disney Co has agreed to pay US$3.8 million in back wages to 16,339 employees, including workers at its Florida theme parks whose hourly pay allegedly fell below the minimum wage after it deducted the cost of uniforms and costumes. The company also failed to compensate employees for duties performed before the start of their shifts and failed to maintain accurate payroll records, the US Labor Department said on Friday in announcing the agreement. BANKING Blankfein’s pay reduced Goldman Sachs Group Inc has reduced chief executive officer Lloyd Blankfein’s annual compensation by 27 percent, awarding him US$22 million for last year after eliminating a long-term incentive award, the New York-based firm said on Friday in its annual proxy filing. Blankfein is to become the third-highest paid CEO of the six largest US banks, falling behind JPMorgan Chase & Co’s Jamie Dimon, who received US$28 million, and Morgan Stanley’s James Gorman, with US$22.5 million. FOOD No contamination evidence Shanghai government inspectors said they found no evidence to support a Chinese television show’s claim that Muji retail stores in the city stocked food imported from areas of Japan allegedly contaminated by radiation. The city’s Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau said on Friday that it inspected food sold at Ryohin Keikaku Co’s Muji chain in Shanghai and cleared the items. China Central Television’s annual “name-and-shame” show on Wednesday night accused Muji and Japanese snack maker Calbee Inc of mislabeling items. This story has been viewed 2733 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-03-16 to 2017-03-23 Most read Most e-mailed 1 US plans to sell Taiwan arms: reports 2 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 3 EDITORIAL: KMT’s dubious view on espionage 4 Study: Vitamin D could prevent common cold 研究：維生素D可預防感冒 5 Taiwanese weightlifter promoted to Beijing Olympics gold 陳葦綾正式遞補 北京奧運舉重金牌 MORE  1 Taipei luxury hotel sorry for serving expired, moldy food 2 Alleged manipulation of Tatung stock to be probed 3 Taiwan News Quick Take 4 Phison Electronics to pay NT$14 cash dividend per share 5 Gut microbes may be used to cure illnesses: doctor MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Brown & Brown Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Supergroup PLC (SGP) Insider Purchases £146.10 in Stock Eurocell PLC (ECEL) Insider Michael Scott Buys 14,215 Shares of Stock Analysts Set EP Energy Corp (EPE) PT at $5.14 Analysts Set $14.00 Price Target for OneBeacon Insurance Group, Ltd. (OB) Leerink Swann Reaffirms Outperform Rating for DBV Technologies SA – (DBVT) US Concrete Inc (USCR) Cut to “C+” at TheStreet Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDK) Raised to B- at TheStreet GW Pharmaceuticals PLC- (GWPH) Raised to “C-” at TheStreet TheStreet Lowers Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) to C+ ClearOne Incoprorated (CLRO) Downgraded by TheStreet Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Ltd (NTB) PT Set at $35.00 by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Earthport plc (EPO) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday TD Securities Boosts Spin Master Corp (TOY) Price Target to C$43.00 Veresen Inc (VSN) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Quebecor, Inc. (QBR) Rating Reiterated by Desjardins Blancco Technology Group PLC (BLTG) Insider Acquires £15,268.55 in Stock Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.28 on March 30th Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Given Add Rating at Numis Securities Ltd Burford Capital Limited (BUR) Receives Buy Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Norges Bank Takes Position in Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Norges Bank bought a new position in Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 1,237,487 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $55,514,000. Norges Bank owned about 0.88% of Brown & Brown at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio increased its stake in shares of Brown & Brown by 1.1% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 46,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,742,000 after buying an additional 486 shares during the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Brown & Brown during the second quarter worth $1,986,000. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC increased its stake in shares of Brown & Brown by 1.1% in the second quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 20,064 shares of the company’s stock worth $752,000 after buying an additional 214 shares during the last quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund increased its stake in shares of Brown & Brown by 2.3% in the third quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund now owns 40,180 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,515,000 after buying an additional 901 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Raymond James Trust N.A. increased its stake in shares of Brown & Brown by 1.1% in the third quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 11,765 shares of the company’s stock worth $444,000 after buying an additional 131 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.27% of the company’s stock. Shares of Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) opened at 43.76 on Friday. Brown & Brown, Inc. has a 12-month low of $34.23 and a 12-month high of $45.77. The company has a market cap of $6.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.04 and a beta of 0.73. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $43.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $41.15. Brown & Brown (NYSE:BRO) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, January 23rd. The company reported $0.42 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.01. Brown & Brown had a return on equity of 11.57% and a net margin of 14.57%. The firm earned $433.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $431.30 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.38 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that Brown & Brown, Inc. will post $1.88 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: BRO has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Brown & Brown from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. BMO Capital Markets upgraded Brown & Brown from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $37.00 to $46.00 in a report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Brown & Brown from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. Langen Mcalenn restated a “buy” rating on shares of Brown & Brown in a report on Friday, December 30th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated a “sell” rating and set a $39.00 price objective on shares of Brown & Brown in a report on Monday, January 9th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. Brown & Brown currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $37.89. About Brown & Brown Brown & Brown, Inc is a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and service company. The Company markets and sells insurance products and services in the property, casualty and employee benefits areas. It provides customers with non-investment insurance contracts, as well as other targeted, customized risk management products and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BRO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO). Receive News & Ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Tesoro Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Rating Increased to Buy at Mizuho Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Position Maintained by Rocky Mountain Advisers LLC Nordson Co. (NDSN) Shares Bought by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Numeric Investors LLC Purchases New Position in Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Numeric Investors LLC Takes Position in Wildhorse Resource Development Corp (WRD) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Public Storage (PSA) Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mistras Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MG) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Illumina, Inc. Raised by Leerink Swann (ILMN) Putnam Investments LLC Has $810,000 Position in IMAX Co. (IMAX) Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Stake Lowered by Putnam Investments LLC SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Justin Hughes Sells 81,250 Shares Numeric Investors LLC Has $284,000 Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Numeric Investors LLC Acquires New Stake in Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) DSC Advisors L.P. Takes Position in Accenture Plc (ACN) Hanlon Investment Management Inc. Invests $2,778,000 in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Has $1,571,000 Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Raises Stake in OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Advantage Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Tesoro Co. (TSO) Stake Decreased by Numeric Investors LLC Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Numeric Investors LLC reduced its position in Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) by 92.2% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 6,300 shares of the company’s stock after selling 74,700 shares during the period. Numeric Investors LLC’s holdings in Tesoro were worth $551,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of TSO. Toronto Dominion Bank raised its stake in Tesoro by 67,674.6% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 503,565 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,063,000 after buying an additional 502,822 shares during the period. Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in Tesoro by 164.8% in the third quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 641,815 shares of the company’s stock valued at $51,063,000 after buying an additional 399,464 shares during the period. Commonwealth Bank of Australia raised its stake in Tesoro by 44.0% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia now owns 59,872 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,764,000 after buying an additional 18,300 shares during the period. APG Asset Management N.V. raised its stake in Tesoro by 43.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 370,062 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,442,000 after buying an additional 112,827 shares during the period. Finally, TPH Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Tesoro during the third quarter valued at $1,353,000. Institutional investors own 87.89% of the company’s stock. Shares of Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) opened at 85.34 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.97 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.94 and a beta of 1.69. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $85.06 and its 200-day moving average price is $83.78. Tesoro Co. has a 52 week low of $69.49 and a 52 week high of $93.50. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.14) by $0.80. Tesoro had a return on equity of 9.07% and a net margin of 2.99%. The company had revenue of $6.65 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.12 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.83 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Tesoro Co. will post $5.71 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 28th were paid a dividend of $0.55 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, February 24th. This represents a $2.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.58%. Tesoro’s payout ratio is 35.95%. Your IP Address: Several analysts recently weighed in on TSO shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Tesoro from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $99.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Credit Suisse Group AG raised their price objective on Tesoro from $105.00 to $110.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $102.00 price objective on Tesoro and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Wells Fargo & Co raised Tesoro from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Scotiabank reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Tesoro in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fifteen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $100.46. Tesoro Company Profile Tesoro Corporation (Tesoro) is an independent petroleum refining and marketing company. The Company operates through three business segments: Refining operating segment (Refining), which owns and operates refineries, and refines crude oil and other feedstocks into transportation fuels; TLLP, a publicly traded limited partnership, which includes certain crude oil and natural gas gathering assets, natural gas processing and crude oil and refined products terminaling, and transportation and storage assets, and marketing segment (Marketing), which sells transportation fuels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO). Receive News & Ratings for Tesoro Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous IFM Investors Pty Ltd Acquires New Position in Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Next » Norges Bank Takes Position in Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 23 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology 1MDB-hit UAE-owned Swiss bank Falcon posts $130mln loss for 2016 Two Indian self-made billionaires among richest in Gulf Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe UAE's DP World eyes Panama Canal opportunities Bank Muscat extends baituna home finance for Telal Al Qurm project Dubai developers pile on incentives with rental guarantees Qatar approves amendments to property leasing law Saudi retail property developer shows faith in Egypt Oman's Duqm SEZ contract awards top $1.8bln Dubai developers pile on incentives with rental guarantees Value of Lebanon's industrial sector falls 16% in 2011-2015 UAE's Etihad Rail updates national network design Saudi pledges stable oil supply as market confused by data Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated US stockpiles pressure market Dubai announces crude oil price for June delivery ACWA Power expects Saudi Electricity to sell first asset by yr-end 1MDB-hit UAE-owned Swiss bank Falcon posts $130mln loss for 2016 Two Indian self-made billionaires among richest in Gulf Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe Bank Muscat extends baituna home finance for Telal Al Qurm project 1MDB-hit UAE-owned Swiss bank Falcon posts $130mln loss for 2016 Islamic finance aims for easier sukuk investment with proposed new standards Turkey hires banks for benchmark US dollar sukuk Saudi Aramco starts meeting investors before debut sukuk issue Dubai Duty Free expects $2mln sales hit from electronics ban Pakistan seeks Facebook meeting, threatens action over blasphemy LinkedIn tries to hook more users with business news section Instagram says advertising base tops 1mln businesses Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global UAE credit growth picks up pace in February Qatar's fiscal deficit projected to shrink further Saudi spends money to make money in foreign investment drive Death toll in London attack rises to five: police Two Indian self-made billionaires among richest in Gulf Abu Dhabi's Waha Capital seeking to invest in Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia's economic fundamentals strong Amazon to buy Dubai-based online retailer Souq.com Fierce clashes persist in Syria ahead of renewed peace talks Syrians' healthcare costing Jordon Euromoney Jordan Conference forecasts 'difficult economic year' Jordanian expatriates increase remittances Ten Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai fighting Egypt emerges as the world's fastest growing real estate market Saudi retail property developer shows faith in Egypt Rescuers foil fight against migrant smugglers London attack won't delay start of Brexit process "Worst is yet to come" with 400,000 trapped in west Mosul, UN says US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Saudi remains China's top oil supplier Saudi outperforms in mostly flat region; Dubai's DSI up on asset sale Dubai's Arabtec to offer rights issue at higher rate Egypt to keep higher wheat moisture limit till November Saudi outperforms in mostly flat region; Dubai's DSI up on asset sale Dubai's Arabtec to offer rights issue at higher rate ACWA Power expects Saudi Electricity to sell first asset by yr-end Oil near $50 dents sentiment in Gulf Dollar edges up from 4-mth low vs yen EBRD targets $1.1bln investments in Egypt this year after float Dollar near 4-mth low vs yen as Treasury yields, stocks slide Turkish lira firms to strongest level since end of February Saudi pledges stable oil supply as market confused by data Saudi remains China's top oil supplier Egypt to keep higher wheat moisture limit till November Oil bounces off November lows, but bloated US stockpiles pressure market Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening Employees left in the lurch as magazine owners flee Dubai UAE cracks down on traffic violators; introduces strict penalties Qatar approves amendments to property leasing law US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening Earth Hour: Think beyond switching off lights for 60 minutes Laptop ban hits Gulf airlines in battle for business travellers Saudi: Residency defaulters can settle status in amnesty drive UAE boasts one of the stringent anti-money laundering regulations Driver arrested for performing stunts in Abu Dhabi Former AFP photographer detained in Bahrain, agency says Pakistan seeks Facebook meeting, threatens action over blasphemy UAE boasts one of the stringent anti-money laundering regulations Britain's financial watchdog revisits Barclays' bank Qatari cashcall probe Employees left in the lurch as magazine owners flee Dubai Qatar approves amendments to property leasing law Warning over unclean reused clothes at tourist sites, events in UAE US embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening UAE cracks down on traffic violators; introduces strict penalties Twitter suspends more than 636,000 accounts to tackle extremism Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports India doubles cricketers' salaries, hikes match fees What happens to your body when you stop drinking water Dubai World Cup: Your ultimate fashion guide Earth Hour: Think beyond switching off lights for 60 minutes What happens to your body when you stop drinking water Rise of superbug tuberculosis hampers global control efforts Schools advised to counsel students regularly UAE launches Diabetes Early Detection Programme Education sector employs 12% of Qatari workforce Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Tuition hike suspended for 2 years in Saudi schools The business of education and the rising school fees in Dubai Dubai World Cup: Your ultimate fashion guide Five Emirati businessmen among world's richest billionaires US's Apple unveils updated iPad with lowest-ever price How much did Trump sons' visit to Dubai cost taxpayers? Beirut a top food tourism destination Warning over unclean reused clothes at tourist sites, events in UAE Dubai airport chief says electronics ban will have minimal impact Laptop ban hits Gulf airlines in battle for business travellers Rebooted Power Rangers return to big screen Kuwait suspends 'Beauty and the Beast’ movie Afghani rapping barber wins music contest Wyclef Jean says 'treated like criminal' in LA handcuffing incident India doubles cricketers' salaries, hikes match fees New British jockeys to be cut to focus on quality Egypt camel racers hope desert sport will gain popularity Abu Dhabi Dhow race has appealing prizes for all Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Financial Services Article financial services Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank issues $230mln Formosa bond 19 March, 2017 A view of a branch of Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank along Khalid Bin Al-Waleed Road Reuters/ Nikhil Monteiro By Tom Arnold DUBAI, March 19 (Reuters) - Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank (ADCB), the emirate's second largest bank by assets, raised $230 million through the sale of a five-year Formosa bond, its second issuance sold in Taiwan this quarter, sources told Reuters on Sunday. At least two other Gulf banks have made similar forays into the Formosa market in the past year as they look to diversify their funding sources. Formosa bonds are sold in Taiwan by foreign issuers and denominated in currencies other than the Taiwanese dollar. ADCB's five-year issue, which was placed with institutional investors, was arranged by JPMorgan Chase & Co , the sources said. Advertisement ADCB declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. Earlier this quarter, the bank raised around $750 million through a five-year Formosa bond, which was also placed with institutional investors, one of the sources said. That issue was arranged by Morgan Stanley . National Bank of Abu Dhabi raised $885 million through the sale of a 30-year Formosa bond in January after issuing a $696 million public Formosa bond in October. Qatar National Bank in July printed $330m of five-year Formosa floating-rate notes, two months after issuing three-year floating-rate notes of $1.1 billion. (Editing by Jane Merriman) ((Tom.Arnold@thomsonreuters.com; +97144536265; Reuters Messaging: tom.arnold.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News US's Parsons engineering welcomes Navalurkar as Vice President and program director 1 day ago Emrill appoints head of business development and work winning UAE integrated facilities management firm Emrill has appointed Sally Harrison as head of business development. 1 day ago US's Digital Shadows digital risk management announces key executive appointment with Alex Seton as VP Business and Corporate Development 1 day ago  from OAK Consulting Autodata appoints Ian Batey as the new General Manager Autodata appointed Ian Batey as its new GM to expand the brand’s presence in the Middle East. 2 days ago India's Shapoorji Pallonji Engineering and Construction group appoints Cyrus Engineer as Managing Director in the Gulf 21 Mar 2017 Camille Saade appointed new General Manager of Villa Rotana Dubai 20 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) COO Sells 63,648 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Director Charles M. Geschke Sells 59,550 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Reuben Seth Davidsohn Sells 5,981 Shares of Howard Hughes Corp (HHC) Stock Dorel Industries (DII.B) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Trading Down 9% Following Weak Earnings Traders Buy Shares of Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) on Weakness After Analyst Downgrade First Trust Intrmdt Drtn Prfrd & Incm Fd (FPF) Plans $0.16 Monthly Dividend Kelt Exploration Ltd (KEL) Insider Sadiq Lalani Acquires 3,029 Shares Masco Corp (MAS) Director J Michael Losh Sells 2,084 Shares Whitestone REIT Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.10 (WSR) Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Snc-Lavalin Group (SNC) ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) EVP Nancy Saltzman Sells 1,615 Shares of Stock CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) COO Richard J. Dalton Sells 5,324 Shares Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Insider Neil Bodick Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI) CEO Stuart M. Brightman Acquires 40,000 Shares of Stock Sensata Technologies Holding (ST) Now Covered by Cowen and Company Colony Starwood Homes (SFR) COO Charles D. Young Sells 6,500 Shares Horizon Kinetics LLC Sells 153 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Horizon Kinetics LLC decreased its position in FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) by 6.1% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 2,363 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock after selling 153 shares during the period. Horizon Kinetics LLC’s holdings in FedEx were worth $440,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of FDX. Park National Corp OH acquired a new stake in FedEx during the third quarter worth $204,000. North Star Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in FedEx by 0.8% in the third quarter. North Star Asset Management Inc. now owns 33,240 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $5,806,000 after buying an additional 254 shares during the period. McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. increased its stake in FedEx by 204.0% in the third quarter. McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. now owns 10,074 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $1,760,000 after buying an additional 6,760 shares during the period. F&V Capital Management LLC increased its stake in FedEx by 1.7% in the third quarter. F&V Capital Management LLC now owns 36,660 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $6,404,000 after buying an additional 610 shares during the period. Finally, Bremer Trust National Association increased its stake in FedEx by 3.3% in the third quarter. Bremer Trust National Association now owns 2,016 shares of the shipping service provider’s stock worth $352,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the period. 75.22% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) opened at 194.59 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $51.86 billion, a PE ratio of 28.60 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx Co. has a 12-month low of $145.00 and a 12-month high of $201.57. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $192.11 and a 200 day moving average of $183.57. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, December 20th. The shipping service provider reported $2.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.90 by $0.10. The business earned $14.90 billion during the quarter. FedEx had a net margin of 3.35% and a return on equity of 22.02%. FedEx’s revenue was up 19.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $2.58 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that FedEx Co. will post $12.01 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 13th will be issued a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 9th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.82%. FedEx’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 23.46%. Your IP Address: FDX has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on shares of FedEx in a research note on Thursday, November 24th. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Vetr downgraded shares of FedEx from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $199.16 price target for the company. in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $159.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $190.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of FedEx in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $233.00 price target for the company. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $199.11. In other FedEx news, EVP Robert B. Carter sold 34,580 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $191.22, for a total transaction of $6,612,387.60. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,062 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,735,795.64. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, CEO David J. Bronczek sold 36,529 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $192.08, for a total transaction of $7,016,490.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 83,716 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,080,169.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 8.67% of the stock is owned by company insiders. FedEx Company Profile FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FDX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX). Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Biogen, Goldcorp, GoPro, Oracle, Sirius XM, Tyson Foods, Ciena and More By Jon C. Ogg March 16, 2017 8:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet Stocks, bonds, oil and gold all rose on Wednesday after the Federal Reserved delivered on the first of likely three rate hikes in 2017. Now stocks are indicated to open higher again on Thursday, with the Dow close to challenging 21,000 again. Investors know that the unrelenting bull market is eight years old. Despite it sometimes feeling long in the tooth, investors have bought up stocks on every single pullback. Those same investors also are looking for new trading and investing ideas. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, while others cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Some color has been added on many of the following calls, and the consensus analyst price targets referenced are from Thomson Reuters. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Thursday, March 16, 2017: Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ: BIIB) was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform at Leerink. Morgan Stanley downgraded it to Equal Weight from Overweight. Goldcorp Inc. (NYSE: GG) was raised to Sector Perform from Underperform and the target price was raised to $17 from $15 (versus a $15.45 prior close) at RBC Capital Markets. Goldcorp has a 52-week trading range of $11.91 to $20.38 and a consensus analyst target price of $18.01. GoPro Inc. (NASDAQ: GPRO) gave revenue guidance toward the upper end of its range for the first quarter, but in some ways the period is a throwaway quarter. Still, shares were indicated up 11% at $8.17 on Thursday. Wedbush maintained its Neutral rating and said that the second half of the year will be the true indicator of demand. Citigroup raised its rating to Neutral from Sell. Oracle Corp. (NYSE: ORCL) was reiterated as Neutral but the price target was raised to $43 from $42 at Wedbush. JMP Securities raised Oracle to Market Perform from Underperform. Jefferies reiterated its Buy rating but raised its price target to $52 from $51. JPMorgan raised Oracle to Overweight from Neutral. Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI) was downgraded to Hold from Buy with a $5.50 price target (versus a $5.30 close) at Wunderlich. The 52-week range is $3.74 to $5.53, and the consensus target price is $5.18. Tyson Foods Inc. (NYSE: TSN) was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Argus, with the call based on mounting legal issues from the SEC investigation of Tyson and other poultry producers for alleged manipulation of a chicken pricing index. Follow @Jonogg on Twitter to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your feed. Other key analyst calls were seen in the following: Alarm.com Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: ALRM) was reiterated at Buy and the price objective was raised to $39 from $37 (versus a $30.63 close) at Merrill Lynch. The firm noted that Alarm.com’s fourth-quarter results were solid, as subscription revenues grew 21% and EBITDA margins were up 350 basis points. Credit Suisse reiterated its Outperform rating and raised its 2017 estimates. Alarm.com shares were indicated up more than 9% at $33.60 on Thursday. Pages: 1/2 « JPMorgan Out With Top Ranked Tech Networking/Hardware Stocks to Buy Wal-Mart Investing Heavily in Online Women’s Retail » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (NYSE:ABX), Biogen Idec (NASDAQ:BIIB), Ciena Corp (NASDAQ:CIEN), Clean Harbors, Inc. (NYSE:CLH), Salesforce.com (NYSE:CRM), Entergy Corp (NYSE:ETR), Goldcorp, Inc. (USA) (NYSE:GG), GPRO, Blackhawk Network Holdings (NASDAQ:HAWK), NCR Corp (NYSE:NCR), Newmont Mining Corp (NYSE:NEM), Oracle Corp. (NASDAQ:ORCL), Sirius XM Radio (NASDAQ:SIRI), Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCBI), Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN), United Therapeutics Corp (NASDAQ:UTHR), Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Baidu and Tencent Just Invested in this Electric Vehicle Maker Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alliance Data Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Shares Sold by Janus Capital Management LLC March 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Janus Capital Management LLC lowered its position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS) by 10.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 5,527 shares of the company’s stock after selling 673 shares during the period. Janus Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Alliance Data Systems were worth $1,262,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. ValueAct Holdings L.P. boosted its position in Alliance Data Systems by 52.1% in the third quarter. ValueAct Holdings L.P. now owns 5,000,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,072,650,000 after buying an additional 1,712,090 shares in the last quarter. Ruffer LLP acquired a new position in Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth $136,114,000. Sustainable Growth Advisers LP acquired a new position in Alliance Data Systems during the third quarter worth $109,860,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth $48,066,000. Finally, Boston Partners boosted its position in Alliance Data Systems by 29.7% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 867,299 shares of the company’s stock worth $186,061,000 after buying an additional 198,361 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.75% of the company’s stock. Shares of Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS) opened at 245.01 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $237.29 and a 200-day moving average price of $223.83. The firm has a market cap of $13.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.38 and a beta of 1.65. Alliance Data Systems Co. has a 52-week low of $185.02 and a 52-week high of $251.19. Alliance Data Systems (NYSE:ADS) last released its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $4.67 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.66 by $0.01. The firm earned $1.83 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.94 billion. Alliance Data Systems had a return on equity of 54.59% and a net margin of 7.23%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 4.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $4.13 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Alliance Data Systems Co. will post $18.49 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 15th were paid a $0.52 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, February 13th. This represents a $2.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.85%. Alliance Data Systems’s payout ratio is currently 28.42%. Your IP Address: ADS has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. TheStreet cut Alliance Data Systems from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Alliance Data Systems from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $260.00 to $255.00 in a report on Friday, December 9th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Raymond James Financial, Inc. cut Alliance Data Systems from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alliance Data Systems in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Alliance Data Systems from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Alliance Data Systems currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $239.09. In other Alliance Data Systems news, insider Valueact Capital Master Fund, bought 57,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 26th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $218.56 per share, for a total transaction of $12,545,344.00. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Bryan A. Pearson sold 3,450 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $247.32, for a total value of $853,254.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders purchased 477,600 shares of company stock valued at $108,498,272 and sold 6,882 shares valued at $1,685,575. Corporate insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. Alliance Data Systems Company Profile Alliance Data Systems Corporation is a provider of data-driven marketing and loyalty solutions serving consumer-based businesses in a range of industries. The Company offers a portfolio of integrated outsourced marketing solutions, including customer loyalty programs, database marketing services, end-to-end marketing services, analytics and creative services, direct marketing services, and private label and co-brand retail credit card programs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ADS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS). Receive News & Ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News StatPro Group PLC (SOG) PT Raised to GBX 169 at N+1 Singer Analysts Set Sky Plc (SKY) PT at $1,110.56 NEX Group PLC (NXG) Receives GBX 583.75 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Vesuvius Plc (VSVS) Target Price at $472.50 Ferrexpo Plc (FXPO) Price Target Increased to GBX 220 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Royal Mail PLC (RMG) Price Target Cut to GBX 545 by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Underweight” Rating for Kingfisher plc (KGF) Analysts Set InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Target Price at $3,547.14 Hays plc (HAS) Receives GBX 153.50 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Rating Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Softcat PLC (SCT) Given New GBX 420 Price Target at Citigroup Inc J Sainsbury plc (SBRY) Lowered to “Hold” at Deutsche Bank AG Saga PLC’s (SAGA) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for McCarthy & Stone PLC (MCS) Berenberg Bank Begins Coverage on Luceco PLC (LUCE) Citigroup Inc Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Kingfisher plc (KGF) Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Macquarie Informa Plc (INF) Price Target Cut to GBX 790 Ferrexpo Plc (FXPO) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Underweight” Rating for Enquest Plc (ENQ) Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd (RDY) Receives $41.90 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages March 19th, 2017 - By Doug Wharley - 0 comments Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd (NYSE:RDY) have earned an average recommendation of “Sell” from the six brokerages that are covering the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation and two have given a hold recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $41.90. Separately, TheStreet downgraded shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Your IP Address: Dr.Reddy's Laboratories (NYSE:RDY) opened at 41.49 on Thursday. The stock has a market capitalization of $6.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 48.30 and a beta of 0.53. Dr.Reddy's Laboratories has a 1-year low of $39.65 and a 1-year high of $54.73. The company has a 50-day moving average of $43.49 and a 200-day moving average of $45.57. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Fisher Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories by 9.0% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 5,696,909 shares of the company’s stock worth $264,451,000 after buying an additional 469,885 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories by 1.6% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 322,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,971,000 after buying an additional 5,009 shares during the period. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories during the fourth quarter worth $14,554,000. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories by 113.9% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 275,233 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,775,000 after buying an additional 146,578 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Dr.Reddy's Laboratories by 56.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 274,172 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,727,000 after buying an additional 99,401 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 16.12% of the company’s stock. About Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Limited is a pharmaceutical company that is engaged in providing medicines. The Company operates in three segments: Global Generics, Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (PSAI), and Proprietary Products. The Global Generics segment includes manufacturing and marketing prescription and over-the-counter finished pharmaceutical products ready for consumption by the patient, marketed under a brand name (branded formulations) or as generic finished dosages with therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations (generics). Receive News & Stock Ratings for Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Clearwater Paper Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearwater Paper Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) CEO John L. Higgins Sells 4,000 Shares KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Major Shareholder David L. Hatcher Sells 9,000 Shares of Stock NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Major Shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech Buys 30,000 Shares of Stock 6.1% Stake of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. – (PLYA) Maintained by Abu Dhabi Investment Authority Insider Selling: Stock Yards Bancorp Inc (SYBT) CEO Sells 938 Shares of Stock Stanley A. Askren Sells 2,764 Shares of HNI Corp (HNI) Stock Insider Selling: Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Director Sells 3,603 Shares of Stock Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Citigroup Inc Muenchener Rckvsngs Gslscft Mncn AG -ADR (MURGY) Downgraded to “Mkt Perform” at Sanford C. Bernstein Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Upgraded to Buy at Northcoast Research Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carador Income Fund PLC (CIFU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Given Buy Rating at TD Securities TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Paringa Resources (PNGZF) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Rodman & Renshaw Pharma Mar (PHMMF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Trust Fbo Serena Vr Altschul U Sells 300 Shares of General American Investors Co. Inc. (GAM) Stock Insider Selling: EnSync Inc (ESNC) Director Sells $13,536.32 in Stock Clearwater Paper Corp (CLW) Receives $68.75 Average PT from Brokerages Posted by Abby Graham on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Clearwater Paper Corp (NYSE:CLW) has received an average rating of “Hold” from the ten analysts that are covering the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $68.75. Several equities analysts have recently commented on CLW shares. Vetr raised shares of Clearwater Paper Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. DA Davidson raised shares of Clearwater Paper Corp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. TheStreet downgraded shares of Clearwater Paper Corp from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. KeyCorp started coverage on shares of Clearwater Paper Corp in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. They issued an “equal weight” rating on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Clearwater Paper Corp from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 16th. Shares of Clearwater Paper Corp (NYSE:CLW) opened at 55.50 on Thursday. Clearwater Paper Corp has a 12 month low of $46.66 and a 12 month high of $69.75. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $58.02 and its 200 day moving average is $61.24. The stock has a market cap of $913.70 million, a PE ratio of 19.14 and a beta of 1.06. Clearwater Paper Corp (NYSE:CLW) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.82 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.06. Clearwater Paper Corp had a return on equity of 11.85% and a net margin of 2.86%. The company earned $425.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $407.08 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.75 EPS. Clearwater Paper Corp’s quarterly revenue was down 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Clearwater Paper Corp will post $3.54 EPS for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in CLW. LSV Asset Management boosted its stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp by 38.6% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 843,620 shares of the company’s stock valued at $54,556,000 after buying an additional 235,013 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $12,031,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp by 7.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,193,969 shares of the company’s stock valued at $77,214,000 after buying an additional 82,385 shares in the last quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp by 120.7% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 71,851 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,709,000 after buying an additional 39,292 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Clearwater Paper Corp by 1,209.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 39,221 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,536,000 after buying an additional 36,225 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 89.25% of the company’s stock. About Clearwater Paper Corp Clearwater Paper Corporation manufactures quality consumer tissue, away-from-home (AFH), tissue, parent roll tissue, bleached paperboard and pulp at manufacturing facilities across the nation. The Company is a supplier of private label tissue to retailers and wholesale distributors, including grocery, drug, mass merchants and discount stores. Receive News & Ratings for Clearwater Paper Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearwater Paper Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Receives $26.81 Average Target Price from Analysts Next » Zacks: Braskem SA (BAK) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview How to Invest in the Bond Market Now Mary Ellen Stanek focuses on adding basis points of yield and return through old-fashioned credit analysis. By Leslie P. Norton Biography March 18, 2017 1:21 a.m. ET For a levelheaded view of the bond market, you can’t do much better than to ask Mary Ellen Stanek, chief investment officer of Baird Advisors, the investment-management arm of Robert W. Baird. Stanek oversees a 48-person team that steers $50 billion in separate bond assets, including the top-rated Baird Core Plus Bond fund and six other bond mutual funds. The firm’s overall size, Stanek maintains, gives her “the flexibility to source alpha bottom-up and be extremely opinionated about each and every bond in the portfolio.” Thanks to the fund’s consistently good performance, Stanek and her team were finalists for... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Philippine Peso’s Troubles Just Beginning Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Never Mind the Apple Watch, AirPods Are the Future Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 3 Cheap Biotechs With Powerhouse Pipelines Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Financial Stocks: It’s Not Time to Panic Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Ford: How to Profit as it Tries to Find the Fast Lane Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 A Safer Way to Invest in Valeant. Really. 2 How to Buy a First Home 3 Why You Shouldn't Ignore Income Stocks Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing National Fuel Gas Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) CFO Colette Kress Sells 53,458 Shares Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Insider S P. Iv Johnson Sells 48,947 Shares Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Major Shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech Buys 30,000 Shares of Stock 6.1% Stake of Playa Hotels & Resorts N.V. – (PLYA) Maintained by Abu Dhabi Investment Authority Insider Selling: Stock Yards Bancorp Inc (SYBT) CEO Sells 938 Shares of Stock Stanley A. Askren Sells 2,764 Shares of HNI Corp (HNI) Stock Insider Selling: Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Director Sells 3,603 Shares of Stock Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Citigroup Inc Muenchener Rckvsngs Gslscft Mncn AG -ADR (MURGY) Downgraded to “Mkt Perform” at Sanford C. Bernstein Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Upgraded to Buy at Northcoast Research Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carador Income Fund PLC (CIFU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Given Buy Rating at TD Securities TD Securities Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Paringa Resources (PNGZF) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Rodman & Renshaw Pharma Mar (PHMMF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Trust Fbo Serena Vr Altschul U Sells 300 Shares of General American Investors Co. Inc. (GAM) Stock Insider Selling: EnSync Inc (ESNC) Director Sells $13,536.32 in Stock New Relic Inc (NEWR) VP Sells $11,058.78 in Stock I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) Given a $9.00 Price Target by Roth Capital Analysts Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for National Fuel Gas Co. Lifted by US Capital Advisors (NFG) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 19th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet National Fuel Gas Co. (NYSE:NFG) – Analysts at US Capital Advisors lifted their Q3 2017 earnings per share estimates for National Fuel Gas in a research note issued on Wednesday. US Capital Advisors analyst B. Followill now expects that the firm will post earnings per share of $0.71 for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $0.66. US Capital Advisors also issued estimates for National Fuel Gas’ Q4 2017 earnings at $0.58 EPS. National Fuel Gas (NYSE:NFG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.04 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.17. The company had revenue of $422.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $441.48 million. National Fuel Gas had a negative net margin of 0.86% and a positive return on equity of 18.34%. The firm’s revenue was up 12.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.78 earnings per share. Your IP Address: A number of other analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of National Fuel Gas from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Scotiabank reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $60.00 price objective on shares of National Fuel Gas in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $63.25. National Fuel Gas (NYSE:NFG) opened at 60.37 on Friday. National Fuel Gas has a 12-month low of $47.49 and a 12-month high of $61.25. The company has a 50 day moving average of $59.27 and a 200-day moving average of $56.46. The stock’s market cap is $5.15 billion. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 14th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.405 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $1.62 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.68%. National Fuel Gas’s dividend payout ratio is presently -1,012.50%. In other National Fuel Gas news, Director Philip C. Ackerman sold 81,370 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.17, for a total value of $4,896,032.90. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 395,504 shares in the company, valued at $23,797,475.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Philip C. Ackerman sold 127,828 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.64, for a total transaction of $7,751,489.92. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 278,464 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,886,056.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 2.57% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of National Fuel Gas during the fourth quarter worth approximately $34,198,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of National Fuel Gas by 4.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,958,110 shares of the company’s stock worth $214,015,000 after buying an additional 181,812 shares in the last quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of National Fuel Gas by 5.6% in the fourth quarter. Aristotle Capital Management LLC now owns 3,054,075 shares of the company’s stock worth $172,983,000 after buying an additional 160,906 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP increased its position in shares of National Fuel Gas by 86.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 297,690 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,861,000 after buying an additional 137,641 shares in the last quarter. Finally, River Road Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of National Fuel Gas by 10.1% in the third quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC now owns 1,376,934 shares of the company’s stock worth $74,451,000 after buying an additional 126,611 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 64.97% of the company’s stock. About National Fuel Gas National Fuel Gas Company is a holding company. The Company is an energy company engaged principally in the production, gathering, transportation, distribution and marketing of natural gas. The Company operates in five business segments: Exploration and Production, Pipeline and Storage, Gathering, Utility, and Energy Marketing. Receive News & Ratings for National Fuel Gas Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National Fuel Gas Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Columbia Banking System Inc Issued By DA Davidson (COLB) Next » Chart Industries, Inc. (GTLS) Short Interest Update Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Cuts Stake in Humana Inc (HUM) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Rating Lowered to Market Perform at BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Primo Water Co. (PRMW) to Hold Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cubic Co. (CUB) HP Inc (HPQ) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Next Co. Ltd (NXCLF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $2,455,000 Stake in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Two Sigma Investments LP Increases Position in Mobileye NV (MBLY) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Boosts Stake in Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Vail Resorts, Inc. (MTN) Shares Bought by Numeric Investors LLC Putnam Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Position Cut by Putnam Investments LLC Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Insider Thomas Damian Ely Sells 26,088 Shares Gregory F. Conaway Sells 2,702 Shares of Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Stock Numeric Investors LLC Has $508,000 Stake in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Comprehensive Portfolio Management LLC Acquires New Position in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. Cuts Stake in Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) FedEx Co. (FDX) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday March 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) is scheduled to be posting its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. Analysts expect FedEx to post earnings of $2.62 per share for the quarter. FedEx has set its FY17 guidance at $11.85-12.35 EPS. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, December 20th. The shipping service provider reported $2.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.90 by $0.10. The firm earned $14.90 billion during the quarter. FedEx had a return on equity of 22.02% and a net margin of 3.35%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 19.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $2.58 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect FedEx to post $12.01 EPS for the current fiscal year and $13.52 EPS for the next fiscal year. Shares of FedEx Co. (NYSE:FDX) opened at 194.59 on Friday. FedEx Co. has a 12-month low of $145.00 and a 12-month high of $201.57. The stock has a market capitalization of $51.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.60 and a beta of 1.14. The company has a 50-day moving average of $192.11 and a 200 day moving average of $183.57. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 13th will be issued a $0.40 dividend. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.82%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 9th. FedEx’s dividend payout ratio is presently 23.46%. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Avondale Partners reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $182.50 price target on shares of FedEx in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised FedEx from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, March 10th. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $205.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $230.00 price target on FedEx and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $190.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $199.11. Your IP Address: In other FedEx news, EVP Robert B. Carter sold 34,580 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $191.22, for a total value of $6,612,387.60. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,062 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,735,795.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO David J. Bronczek sold 36,529 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $192.08, for a total value of $7,016,490.32. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 83,716 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,080,169.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 8.67% of the company’s stock. FedEx Company Profile FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Breaking News UK parliament attacker British-born, had been investigated over extremism concerns Exclusive: U.S. embassies ordered to identify population groups for tougher visa screening As Trump targets energy rules, oil companies downplay their impact Uncertain fate of Obamacare causes some hospitals to halt projects, hiring Police officer, three others killed in Wisconsin shooting: reports Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong U.S.-Israeli teen arrested in Israel over bomb threats to Jewish centers Supreme Court nomination fight puts focus on vulnerable Democrats Vote looming, Trump struggles to win Obamacare repeal Cabin or hold? Tech ban latest step in bomb detection battle Thu 23 Mar 2017 - 24 Jumada II 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → US factory, consumer data boost economic outlook US factory, consumer data boost economic outlook Saturday 18th, March 2017 / 18:29 Written by Oman Observer in Business WASHINGTON: US factory output increased for a sixth straight month in February while consumer sentiment rebounded in early March, underscoring the economy’s resilience even as growth appears to have slowed significantly in the first quarter. That was supported by other data on Friday showing a gauge of future economic activity rose in February to its highest level in more than a decade. The improving outlook backs the Federal Reserve’s decision this week to raise interest rates. “First-quarter growth is likely to disappoint, but that is not the full economic story,” said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland, Pennsylvania. “There are other segments that are starting to pick up the slack.” The Fed said manufacturing production increased 0.5 per cent last month after a similar gain in January. That was the biggest back-to-back increase in three years. Rising commodity prices are boosting demand for machinery and other equipment. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 per cent of the US economy, is regaining ground as the prolonged drag from lower oil prices, a strong dollar and an inventory overhang fades. It is also benefiting from a surge in business confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to pursue business-friendly policies, including tax cuts and deregulation. “Manufacturing is set to do well for a change, after several years of lagging far behind,” said Michael Montgomery, a US economist at IHS Markit in Lexington, Massachusetts. “The sector is racking up solid growth, that is a very welcome change at beleaguered factories.” The dollar fell to a five-week low against a basket of currencies, remaining under pressure for a third straight session, after the Fed raised interest rates on Wednesday for the third time since the 2008 financial crisis, but stuck to its gradual pace of monetary policy tightening. Stocks on Wall Street were little changed, while prices for US government debt were trading higher. SENTIMENT RISES:  President Donald Trump’s pledges to boost economic growth and employment have also been embraced by Americans, leading to a jump in consumer sentiment. In a separate report on Friday, the University of Michigan said its consumer sentiment index rose 1.3 percentage points to a reading of 97.6 in early March. The survey’s measure of current conditions was the highest since 2000 as households grew optimistic about their finances. That reflects two straight months of job gains above 200,000.  While Trump’s election has buoyed confidence among households and businesses, that has not translated into a surge in either business or consumer spending as details of the administration’s economic policy remain vague. “Despite the favourable news on sentiment, real consumer spending has been looking pretty soft in recent months,” said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. In a third report on Friday, the Conference Board said its leading economic index increased 0.6 per cent in February to its highest level in over a decade. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting GDP rising at a 0.9 per cent annualised rate in the first quarter, braking after the fourth quarter’s 1.9 per cent pace. February’s solid increase in manufacturing output was insufficient to lift industrial production, which was unchanged because of a 5.7 per cent weather-driven plunge in utilities generation. Industrial production fell 0.1 per cent in January. Mining output increased 2.7 per cent last month, lifted by a 7.1 per cent surge in oil and gas well drilling. Last month, manufacturing output was boosted by a 0.8 per cent rebound in the production of motor vehicle and parts. Machinery output increased 1.1 per cent. There were also increases in the production of primary metals, fabricated metal products and nonmetallic mineral products. Computers and electronic products output rose 0.7 per cent last month. With manufacturing output accelerating, capacity utilisation — a measure of how fully factories are deploying their resources — rose 0.3 percentage point to 75.6 per cent last month, the highest since October 2015. Still, it remains 2.8 percentage points below its long-run average. “Business surveys have shown an encouraging pickup in investment plans since the election, but for now low capacity utilisation rates are providing limited urgency to ramp up capex immediately,” said Ted Wieseman, an economist at Morgan Stanley in New York. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Beijing, Saudi agree to more oil cooperation Billions of dollars in identity management → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Sultanate condemns UK terror attacks HM greetings to Iran and Pakistan Foreign exchange position healthy Yellow school buses to disappear soon Read More ... Facebook Twitter 4 hours agoKnow more about the Red Bull Mind Gamers 2017 Local Qualifier /t.co/haP3T7K9lw @redbull /t.co/5gU5LCvxdr 5 hours agoCentral Bank's executive president Hamoud Sangour AlZidjali speaks exclusively to #OmanObserver… /t.co/rnSyjOqkpE 5 hours agoE-visa is must for #Oman to attract more inbound tourists /t.co/AD3CvIYH79 @OmanTourism /t.co/QaKGYriBcU Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Latest News March 20, 2017 6:00 AM Wells Fargo books plush resort for company meeting – and some shareholders aren’t happy The Sawgrass Marriott Golf Resort & Spa, near Jacksonville, Fla., is where Wells Fargo will hold its annual meeting for shareholders next month. Observer file photo Sawgrass Marriott i By Deon Roberts deroberts@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Florida’s Sawgrass Marriott Golf Resort & Spa offers the kinds of amenities you’d expect from a swanky venue overlooking the Atlantic coast: two championship golf courses, villas with private balconies, therapy baths and massage lessons. It’s also where Wells Fargo will hold its annual meeting for shareholders next month, the San Francisco bank said in a regulatory filing last week. It will be the first such gathering since regulators fined Wells in September over its sales scandal. But at a time when Wells is trying to move past the scandal, the choice of the Ponte Vedra Beach venue is sparking fresh criticism from shareholders already angered by revelations of its sales practices. “This is an indication that the company didn’t assess the value of being more humble in light of the scandal and are asking shareholders to find a place to stay that is off the beaten path because they don’t want to be exposed to protesters,” said Sister Nora Nash, a nun with the Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia, which owns Wells Fargo shares. “It’s a very poor public message of visibility at a time when the company should begin to display a new culture that it not insular,” she said. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Latest News Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:08 Chad Holbrook talks shutout win over Charleston Southern Pause 2:29 Prayer service for 4 family members killed in Lexington fire 0:51 Sheriff's Department, SLED investigating Lexington County house fire that killed 4 1:48 Why Sen. John Courson was indicted, wrapped up by corruption probe 1:01 Wow! Gamecocks celebrate win over Duke, head to Sweet 16 2:28 Getting shot changed Levar Jones's life 1:13 Will peaches be the pits? 2:14 Quinndom could face threat of corruption investigation 2:11 Expect Javon Kinlaw to have immediate impact on Gamecocks' defense 0:46 Coach Staley: Allisha Gray will play Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago Gamecocks 'Sweet 16' T-shirts for sale 0:45 2 days ago Gamecocks 'Sweet 16' T-shirts for sale 1:08 6 days ago Former SC House Speaker Bobby Harrell pleads guilty 2:09 6 days ago Dramatic video from massive downtown Raleigh fire View more video Latest News Why did Dale Earnhardt Jr.’s neighbor cuss at him last Sunday? 22.5K pounds of jerky products recalled Dave Chappelle is under fire for LGBTQ and transgender jokes in his latest Netflix specials Gowdy, Scott answer pre-screened questions at telephone town hall Wednesday Accused cat hoarder’s home smelled so bad, city crews refused to enter Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Analysts Are Growing More Bullish on Oracle By Chris Lange March 18, 2017 9:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet Oracle Corp. (NYSE: ORCL) released its most recent financial results late on Wednesday, and the response was incredible. The stock was actually the best performing S&P 500 stock the following day. Investors weren’t the only ones thrilled with this report, which seems to be Oracle’s best report in recent memory. Practically every analyst that has Oracle in its coverage universe raised the price target in response to the report. 24/7 Wall St. has included some highlights from the earnings report, along with what analysts have said about Oracle afterward. The tech giant said that it had $0.69 in earnings per share (EPS) and $9.21 billion in revenue, versus consensus estimates from Thomson Reuters that called for $0.62 in EPS and revenue of $9.26 billion. The same period of last year reportedly had EPS of $0.64 and $9.01 billion in revenue. Short-term deferred revenues were $7.4 billion, up 7% in U.S. dollars and constant currency compared with last year. Total cloud software as a service (SaaS) and platform as a service (PaaS) revenues were $1.0 billion, up 73% in U.S. dollars and up 74% in constant currency. Also, total Cloud Revenues, including infrastructure as a service (IaaS), were $1.2 billion, up 62% in U.S. dollars and up 63% in constant currency. Total Cloud and On-Premise Software revenues were $7.4 billion, up 4% in U.S. dollars and up 5% in constant currency. Quite a few analysts saw this earnings release and weighed in on Oracle, most growing much more bullish: Barclays has an Overweight rating and raised its price target to $51 from $47. BTIG Research reiterated a Buy rating with a $47 price target. Deutsche Bank has a Hold rating and raised its price target to $44 from $40. Drexel Hamilton has a Buy rating and upped its price target to $53 from $47. Jefferies has a Buy rating and raised its price target from $51 to $52. Morgan Stanley raised the price target to $47 from $43. Merrill raised its price target to $54 from $48. Raymond James raised its price target to $48 from $45. JMP securities upgraded it to Market Perform from Underperform. BMO raised its price target to $48 from $45. UBS has a Buy rating and raised the price target from $45 to $48. Goldman Sachs raised its price target to $49 from $47. RBC raised the price target slightly to $47 from $46. JPMorgan upgraded it to an Overweight rating from Neutral. Wunderlich raised its price target to $46 from $43. Shares of Oracle closed Friday at $45.66, with a consensus analyst price target of $44.36 and a 52-week trading range of $37.62 to $46.99. Over the course of the week the stock actually rose 7%. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Snap Market Cap Only Double Twitter’s Chinese Car Company Prepares Tesla Killer » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, Earnings, featured, Oracle Corp. (NASDAQ:ORCL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Retailers Closing the Most Stores America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States The Worst Counties to Live In Recent Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Dollar Tree, FireEye, Ferrari, Kroger, Proofpoint, Verifone and More Why Five Below Is Rallying Apple Acquires Workflow Automation Tool for iPad, iPhone Deutsche Bank Raises Price Targets on Top Steel Stocks to Buy Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Baidu and Tencent Just Invested in this Electric Vehicle Maker Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Dividend Stocks to Put on Your Shopping List Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% Dow retreats 0.1% S&P 500 off 0.1% Stocks Calm Down Ahead of Vote Why Arbor Realty (ABR) Could Be Positioned for a Surge AptarGroup (ATR) Unit Unveils Ophthalmic Squeeze Dispenser Jobless claims unexpectedly rise; labor market still strong Fed's Yellen does not comment on monetary policy Global stocks, bonds cheer bumper ECB cash handout Wall St Set to Open Higher; Health Care Vote in Focus Dollar Steadies as Eyes Shift to U.S. Health Care Vote Diamond Group De Beers Buys Out Retail Partner LVMH Meet The Martin Shkreli Of Defense Contracting Climate Emails From Former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson's Alias Account Have Disappeared Rural Americans’ Drinking Water At Stake With Trump Budget Cuts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Jobs Cars Property Directory Place your Ad Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Scotsman Search More Close ] Business Markets & Economy Companies Management Regions Inverness, Highlands & Islands Aberdeen & North East Dundee & Tayside Glasgow & Strathclyde Edinburgh, Fife & Lothians Dumfries & Borders News Politics Transport Education Environment Health UK World Odd Celebrity Friends of The Scotsman Obituaries Sport Football Rugby Union Tennis Golf Cricket Athletics Boxing Horse Racing Cycling Motorsport Snooker Hockey Business Companies Management Lifestyle Gadgets & Gaming Culture Travel Health & Wellbeing Family Personal Finance Homes & Gardens Outdoors Cars Heritage People & Places Historic Events More Heritage 200 Voices We Know Scotland Future Scotland Tech Innovators Big Ideas Giving Back Charities Business in Action Heroes Bill Jamieson: Look beyond politics to the markets US president Donald Trump meets German chancellor Angela Merkel at the White House. Picture: Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images Bill Jamieson 07:34 Monday 20 March 2017 0 Have your say Of all the geographic areas in which to invest, few would have dared opt for Europe in a year of potential political mayhem with elections in the Netherlands, France, Germany and Italy. Amid rising concerns of a swing to populist, Eurosceptic parties with attendant risks to the European single currency, this was not a region for the faint-hearted. In the aftermath of Donald Trump, nothing can be ruled out But there have been sound reasons to question this view. First, there is a difference between the world of national politics and Europe-based multinational businesses. Whether in car manufacture, pharmaceuticals and biomedics, clothing, engineering or IT, continental Europe has long offered a wide range of successful global businesses, much of whose revenues are earned outwith continental Europe. • READ MORE: Europe thinks again about its future Second, the eurozone on average has been experiencing a gradual improvement in economic growth: glacial though this has looked, it is an improvement long looked for and which has been working to reduce regional unemployment. And third, equity markets have been discounting political turbulence. Media coverage for the past 18 months has hyped up political risk concerns, suggesting that a global populist bandwagon, which has already swept across the UK and the US, is now an unstoppable force that will sweep away Europe’s centrist governments. The first widely predicted continental European domino to fall was the Netherlands, where the populist Geert Wilders looked set to top the poll last week. But in the event, his vote support fell well short of all the fevered speculation while the country’s long tradition of coalition politics would have made it virtually impossible for him to head a government. 200 Voices: find out more about the people who have shaped Scotland Now attention swings to France, where Marine Le Pen of the National Front looks set to win the first round of the vote for the presidency on 23 April. But it is still considered unlikely she will prevail in the second, run-off, poll on 7 May. The poor performance of Wilders will not have helped “Le Bandwagon”. As for Germany, it is unlikely the Alternative for Germany Party will be a serious challenge to the chancellorship of Angela Merkel, pictured. Now, in the aftermath of Donald Trump, nothing can be ruled out, and the strong support for Le Pen could make the French election close-run. Many have rushed to explain populism as a global phenomenon. But it has powerful local and domestic characteristics which should caution against sweeping judgments that a rising or ebbing tide in one country can automatically carry through into another. Where does all this leave continental equity markets? Much of Europe’s problems – political, economic and financial – are in the price. Over the past ten years, as the Financial Times columnist John Authers has pointed out, in dollar terms the FTSE-Eurofirst 300 has underperformed the S&P500 by more than 50 per cent. And it now trades at 1.7 times book value against 3.12 for the US. While there is an obvious political risk premium for investing in Europe, this looks to have overcooked it. And, bearing out my earlier point about the difference between “political” Europe and the performance of the continent’s businesses, several European-focused investment trusts have performed exceptionally well in the face of febrile headlines. The European Investment Trust managed by Edinburgh Partners is up by 28.8 per cent over one year and by 71 per cent over five; JP Morgan European Growth has gained more than 25 per cent over one year and 96 per cent over five; and TR European Growth managed by Henderson Global Investors has streaked ahead by 52 per cent over one year and by 193 per cent over five. All three trusts are still standing at discount of more than 10 per cent to net assets. They may have a lot further to go if politics in Europe does not turn out to be as scary as pundits have predicted. JP Morgan’s European Growth trust manager Stephen Macklow-Smith argues that investors should see through the political mayhem: Europe’s political uncertainty, he says, masks the growing economic recovery that makes the region’s stock markets the cheapest they have ever been compared with the US. Meanwhile, how bizarre that a rise in US interest rates helped to push the FTSE 100 to a record high last week. The UK’s blue-chip index, now almost 4 per cent higher this year, edged up 9 points to close at 7,424.96 last Friday for a weekly gain of 81.8 points or 1.1 per cent on the week. The latest rise followed a 25 basis points rise in US interest rates – weakening the dollar and giving a fillip to the pound. The Bank of England meanwhile maintains a “hawkish” neutrality on interest rates, voting to hold rates at 0.25 per cent. Click here to ‘Like’ The Scotsman Business on Facebook Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The Scotsman means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The Scotsman You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The Scotsman Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink 200 Voices Heritage We Know Scotland Future Scotland More from The Scotsman Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Digital Archive Jobs Property Cars Calendars Conferences Dating Local Guide Public Notices Supplements Useful Links Contact Us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Advertising Place your Ad Subscribe Edinburgh Evening News © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1812 8 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest In Detroit, more people rent homes than own them Many of those renters are living below the poverty line, unable to afford basic maintenance on their dwellings. Post to Facebook In Detroit, more people rent homes than own them Many of those renters are living below the poverty line, unable to afford basic maintenance on their dwellings.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2nce5O0 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 52 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs In Detroit, more people rent homes than own them John Gallagher , Detroit Free Press 11:01 p.m. ET March 19, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TODAY'S TOP STORIESBritish PM Theresa May: 'We are not afraid' | 1:24 Speaking before the the House of Commons, British Prime Minister Theresa May said "Our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism." USA TODAY 1 of 9 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TODAY'S TOP STORIESRamshackle house near new Detroit arena seeks $5M | 0:39 This two-story structure is the priciest house listing in Detroit. That's because of its location. J.C. Reindl, Detroit Free Press 2 of 9 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TODAY'S TOP STORIESWatch: Michigan basketball previews Sweet 16 matchup with Oregon | 1:42 Michigan players and coaches preview Thursday's Sweet 16 game against Oregon on Wednesday, March 22. Video by Mark Snyder, DFP. Videolicious 3 of 9 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TODAY'S TOP STORIESHappy National Puppy Day! | 1:04 Puppies are worth celebrating every day but especially today. USA TODAY 4 of 9 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TODAY'S TOP STORIESTeam USA Wins World Baseball Classic | 1:11 Marcus Stroman tossed six hitless innings, Ian Kinsler slugged a two-run homer and the U.S. routed Puerto Rico 8-0 on Wednesday night to win its first World Baseball Classic in four tries. Stroman won the tournament MVP. (March 23) AP 5 of 9 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TODAY'S TOP STORIES4 reasons why Sears may go out of business | 0:52 In the age of the internet, it's adapt or die for many brick-and-mortar retailers. Sears looks like it's closer to the latter and here's why. USA TODAY 6 of 9 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TODAY'S TOP STORIESBell reveals the secret behind her 'CHiPs'' figure | 1:35 Actress Kristen Bell says that breastfeeding created a "noticable boob job" for her role in "CHiPs," which was written and directed by her husband Dax Shepard. (March 22) AP 7 of 9 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TODAY'S TOP STORIESFreep Film Festival coming March 30-April 2 | 1:07 Freep Film Festival will feature nearly 20 regional and world premieres over four nights starting March 30 to April 2, 2017. 8 of 9 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share TODAY'S TOP STORIESWhat Donald Trump's budget plan means for Michigan | 7:09 Washington correspondent Todd Spangler talks about Donald Trump's budget plan and what it means for Michigan. Todd Spangler/Detroit Free Press 9 of 9Last VideoNext Video British PM Theresa May: 'We are not afraid' Ramshackle house near new Detroit arena seeks $5M Watch: Michigan basketball previews Sweet 16 matchup with Oregon Happy National Puppy Day! Team USA Wins World Baseball Classic 4 reasons why Sears may go out of business Bell reveals the secret behind her 'CHiPs'' figure Freep Film Festival coming March 30-April 2 What Donald Trump's budget plan means for Michigan Buy Photo Judyann Simpson, 6, left, and her cousin Alontae Bailey, 8 play outside the home her family has been renting for the past 3 years in the Brightmoor neighborhood in Detroit on Friday, March 10, 2017. Angela Simpson, 28 is planning on buying a home this year but is cautious about the process. "I am looking longterm, I am trying to own my home but I don't want to be one of the ones who thought they owned a home and they didn't. They are a lot of scams out there," says Simpson. (Photo: Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo 1812 CONNECTTWEET 8 LINKEDIN 52 COMMENTEMAILMORE For the first time in half a century, renters now outnumber homeowners in Detroit. The surge in downtown and Midtown apartment living is just a tiny part of the reason for the shift. By far the bigger reason: The foreclosure crisis of the past 10 years has seen tens of thousands of single-family houses in Detroit shift from owner-occupied to renter-occupied. Read more: Could Detroit soon have too many new apartments? What to expect in rent for a new Detroit apartment Many of those renters are living below the poverty line, unable to afford basic maintenance on their dwellings. The Detroit Future City Implementation Office is among those raising an alarm about what the trend means for the well-being of many Detroit residents. “I think the message that we want to give is that it doesn’t have to mean that Detroit is on a downward spiral because there are more renters than there are homeowners," said Anika Goss Foster, director of the office. "But it does mean that we need to pay more attention to this market. Because not only are there more renters, there are low-income renters living in poor-quality housing and that’s really what we need to be concerned about." As of 2015, the latest Census estimates available, about 53% of Detroiters were renters, not owners. Exactly when renters became the majority is not clear — just sometime in the past few years. The issue began to percolate earlier this month with a report by Detroit Future City. Decades ago, Detroit was renowned as a place where working-class folks could own their home. Black residents enjoyed some of the highest homeownership rates in the nation. But the Great Recession and collapse of the housing market almost 10 years ago saw more than 100,000 Detroit homeowners fall into foreclosure. Today, Goss-Foster estimates, that there are 130,000 single-family houses that are rented instead of owner-occupied in the city. But only about one in five of those receives any sort of subsidy under a variety of federal or state housing programs. Anika Goss-Foster is the executive director of the Detroit Future City Implementation Office.  (Photo: Detroit Future City Implementati) A map offered by Goss-Foster's office shows an increase in rental housing around the perimeter of the city, including many areas such as northwest Detroit that were once havens of homeownership. Much of the inner core of Detroit just outside the greater downtown shows a reduction in the amount of renters, reflecting the loss of occupied housing in general because of population declines from 2000 to today. The net result: Over the past few years renters began to predominate. The flip to a majority-renter city was captured in the Census Bureau's most recent American Community Survey. "A lot of this is a result of the foreclosure crisis," Goss-Foster said. "That really changed the dynamic. Both the number of renters and the number of vacant houses has increased." Read more: How Detroit's tallest skyscraper would be built at former Hudson's site Detroit's riverfront plan includes a beach, more parks, fewer condos The Detroit Future City Implementation Office, the nonprofit entity that tries to advance the greening and economic development principles found in the 2013 Detroit Future City framework, has taken on this issue as part of its focus on land use. There are many ways to interpret the data. One way is to see proof of the often-heard point that Detroit neighborhoods continue to struggle even as the greater downtown thrives with new housing, retail, restaurants, and exciting new developments. Certainly the sharp increase in renters at the expense of homeownership testifies to the shaky financial status of thousands of Detroit families. The map and data also underscore the importance of programs to help renters, landlords and property managers maintain their properties and build wealth. So far, though, government programs aimed at assisting low-income residents target either multi-family apartment buildings or mortgage loans for home buyers. Detroit's switch from single-family, owner-occupied homes to renter-occupied houses is so new that assistance programs haven't caught up yet. Wendy Lewis Jackson, who manages the Kresge Foundation’s Detroit revitalization programs, said the switch to a majority-rental market creates a need for new ways of thinking about the city. This map provided by the Detroit Future City Implementation Office shows the increase in rental housing in Detroit. The dark brown ares on the perimeter of the city show where single-family homes have switched in recent years from owner-occupied to rental. The yellow areas show where rental units have declined due to population loss.  (Photo: Detroit Future City Implementation Office) “I think there’s an opportunity because many families with young children have moved into these homes," she said, "and so now how do we as a city put the right supports around the rental market to ensure stability?” There are many ways to attack the problem. One track is to create better landlords. The nonprofit Center for Community Progress, based in Washington, D.C., works with Detroit and other cities to develop programs to make landlords more responsible. The city of Milwaukee offers a free training program to landlords on how to be a “proactive property manager,” including code compliance, applicant screening and how to recognize and deal with drug and other illegal activity. Detroit is also trying to make mortgage loans more available to potential buyers. Low appraisals and poor credit scores are among the reasons Detroit sees a relative handful of market-rate mortgages written each year. Lenders such as Quicken Loans, JPMorgan Chase and Huntington Bank have been working on programs to make mortgages more available in the city. At the same time, the Detroit Land Bank Authority had auctioned off 1,400 tax-foreclosed houses by the end of 2016 in a move to boost homeownership. More than 1,000 of those sales had closed by year-end. And Goss-Foster and others recommend a coordinated approach that might include everything from reduced fees for permits for landlords to upgrade their properties to insurance discounts for new homeowners. Buy Photo Homes on Bramell street in the Brightmoor neighborhood in Detroit on Friday, March 10, 2017.  (Photo: Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press) Renters, of course, may have many valid reasons for renting instead of buying. But homeownership for generations has led to wealth accumulation for American families. A forced conversion from ownership status to renter status signals that many thousands of families are no longer slowly building up their assets. Much of the housing in question was built between 1930 and 1950 and is in need of upgrades. And while rents may be cheaper in many Detroit neighborhoods than in, say, Oakland County, they can be high relative to the income levels of families paying 30% to 50% of their income on housing. “This is poor-quality expensive housing that people can’t afford to maintain or live in," Goss-Foster said. "It’s a really big problem.” And it's a growing problem for Detroit. If we want to turn the economic tide in Detroit's neighborhoods, it's a problem that demands more attention. Contact John Gallagher: 313-222-5173 or gallagher@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @jgallagherfreep. 1812 CONNECTTWEET 8 LINKEDIN 52 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2nce5O0
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 33 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Business leaders in the news Read about Michiganders changing jobs and earning promotions and accolades. Post to Facebook Business leaders in the news Read about Michiganders changing jobs and earning promotions and accolades.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2n9S42f {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Business leaders in the news Detroit Free Press 12:07 a.m. ET March 19, 2017 Read about Michiganders changing jobs and earning promotions and accolades. The newest addition to the Lawrence Technological University campus is the $16.9-million A. Alfred Taubman Engineering, Architecture, and Life Sciences Complex. (Photo: Lawrence Technological University) 33 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE ■Krysta Coleman was named director of alumni relations for Lawrence Technological University in Southfield. She is a Lawrence Tech graduate, with a bachelor’s degree. She also has a master’s degree from Western Michigan University. Before joining Lawrence Tech, she was assistant director of the Michigan State University department of student life. She also has been interim assistant director of campus programming at WMU. ■Kristine Barann and Joseph Vig were appointed to the MBT Financial Corp. board in Monroe. Barann is a certified public accountant and president of Baker College of Allen Park. She also has been the college’s vice president of finance. She has 25 years of finance, consulting and managerial experience. She also was business manager for Trenton Public Schools, finance director for the city of Allen Park and manager with a regional public accounting firm. She was appointed to the MBT board’s audit and compensation committees. Vig is principal and CEO of J.S. Vig Construction, a commercial construction company in Taylor. Previously, he was associate broker at Collier International. He is a board member and past president of Meadowbrook Country Club and past president of Taylor Rotary. He is chairman of the Northville Township Economic Development & Brownfield Redevelopment board and past chairman of the Southern Wayne County Regional Chamber. He was appointed to the MBT board’s loan review and compensation committees. ■John Schlinker joined Secrest Wardle’s Lansing office as a partner. Previously, he was chief deputy treasurer and general counsel in Ingham County; chief deputy prosecuting attorney in Genesee County, and was appointed to the Michigan parole board. He also has been an adjunct professor of law at Michigan State University College of Law and Western Michigan University Thomas M. Cooley Law School. ■Aurora Consulting in Traverse City acquired Hudak Consulting Group, based in Silicon Valley. ■Anson Smuts joined O’Keefe, a Bloomfield Hills financial advisory firm as a senior associate. Previously, he worked for Floyd Advisory, a consulting firm with offices in New York and Boston. Smuts has a bachelor’s degree from the University of Cape Town in South Africa and a master’s degree from Fordham University. He also has advanced certificates in financial econometrics and data analysis, and emerging markets and risk analysis from Fordham University. He is a member of the Institute of Management Accountants and the National Association of Certified Valuators and Analysts. He is a certified management accountant and a certified valuation analyst. ■Jenny Tatsak, was named chair of business communications at Walsh College. In addition to her role as professor of business communications, she will oversee the business communications department and lead the executive success center. She received a doctorate in communication from Wayne State University and also has degrees from Eastern Michigan University. ■Kristin Garstka was promoted to human resources manager of Ghafari Associates in Dearborn. Before joining Ghafari, she worked at Hino Motors Manufacturing U.S.A. as senior human resource specialist and public relations administrator. She has a bachelor’s degree from Central Michigan University and certifications from the Human Resource Certification Institute and the Society of Human Resource Management. She is a member of Junior Chamber International and is associate financial director and treasurer for the Michigan Jaycees. ■Yueyang Zhang joined Bodman in Troy as a staff attorney. She is a graduate of Wayne State University Law School, where she was membership chair of the Michigan Asian Pacific American Bar Association and a vice president of the Asian Pacific American Law Student Association. She had internships with Chief Judge Gerald Rosen and with Judge Gershwin Drain. She also worked as a student attorney with the Wayne Law Business and Community Law Clinic. She earned a Silver Key certificate and a Rakow scholarship. ■Donald Orlandoni joined Butzel Long in Detroit. Orlandoni represents companies and individuals in complex business and commercial matters. Before he became a lawyer, Orlandoni worked in the automotive and pharmaceutical industries. He received a law degree from Wayne State University, where he was assistant editor of the Wayne Law Review. He received a bachelor’s degree from the U.S. Naval Academy. ■Schostak Brothers & Co., a full-service commercial and residential real estate company based in Livonia, was named outstanding large business of the year by the Livonia Chamber of Commerce. The award recognizes a Livonia-based company with at least 50 employees that has a record of business excellence and community contributions. ■Lisa Fort, senior tax manager of Plante Moran, and Jeramey Lynch, vice president at J.P. Morgan, were named to the Board of Directors of Accounting Aid Society. Fort began her career with Coopers & Lybrand and then went on to start her own business focused on tax compliance, tax resolution, and the service of nonprofit clients. She has held various leadership roles throughout the community. She recieved a bachelor’s degree from the University of Michigan. Lynch is the investment team lead for J.P. Morgan Private Bank of Michigan. Prior to joining J.P. Morgan, he was an investment specialist, and then a regulatory field auditor for the National Futures Association. He received a undergraduate degree from Michigan State University. ■John Rakolta Jr., chairman and CEO of Walbridge, was named the winner of a lifetime achievement award from the Urban Land Institute Michigan. During Rakolta’s tenure, Walbridge grew from a regional construction firm with annual sales of $40 million to a global constructor with sales of about $1.5 billion. He also co-chairs the Coalition for the Future of Detroit School Children. 33 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2n9S42f
