Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel Smart Beta Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → April → Smart ETF Strategies for Building Stronger Portfolios Smart ETF Strategies for Building Stronger Portfolios April 17, 2017 at 3:18 pm by Max Chen As more advisors look for new ways to improve market exposure, many have turned to innovative strategic beta indexing methodologies that incorporate actively managed investment styles in a cheap, efficient exchange traded fund wrapper. On the upcoming webcast, Smart ETF Strategies for Building Stronger Portfolios, Yasmin Dahya, Executive Director of J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Taylor Ranney, Client Portfolio Manager at J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Samantha Azzarello, Vice President and Global Market Strategist at J.P. Morgan Asset Management, and Jack Hannah, Managing Director of Geowealth, will delve into factor-based investment strategies and consider ways to help advisors incorporate new investment opportunities to potentially enhance a diversified portfolio. For example, J.P. Morgan offers a suite of Diversified Return Equity ETFs, including the JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPEM), JPMorgan Diversified Return Global Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPGE), JPMorgan Diversified Return US Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPUS), JPMorgan Diversified Return Europe Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPEU), JPMorgan Diversified Return Europe Currency Hedged Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPEH), JPMorgan Diversified Return International Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPIN) and JPMorgan Diversified Return International Currency Hedged Equity (NYSEArca: JPIH). These multi-factor ETFs provide advisors and investors direct access to hedge fund exposure inside an ETF vehicle. The underlying indices diversify risks that are less likely to be rewarded while overweighting areas that are more likely to produce positive results. The underlying customized FTSE Russell index selects components based on a diversified set of factor characteristics, such as relative valuation, price momentum and quality. The enhanced indexing process would allow the ETFs to exclude expensive, low quality companies with poor momentum, which could help the ETFs diminish drawdowns without sacrificing too much from any potential upside of a market recovery. Investors can take a look at the evolving ETF industry where factor-based investments could help better manage the risk premium. The strategic beta solutions could neutralize some risks, better diversify a portfolio and potentially generate improved risk-adjusted returns over the long haul. Financial advisors who are interested in learning more about factor-based, smart beta strategies can register for the Tuesday, April 18 webcast here. You might also like: A Smart Beta Strategy to Get Paid to Avoid Volatility Finding a Bargain in a 4-Year-Old Value ETF Greater Education Is Required to Help Smart Beta ETF Adoption A Solid ETF Play Against Backdrop of Rising Interest Rates Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Active Stock ETF Strategies to Manage Downside Risk April 17, 2017 New ETFs Smart ETF Strategies for Building Stronger Portfolios April 17, 2017 Smart-Beta U.S. Stock ETFs Look Refreshed After Extended Weekend April 17, 2017 Equities A Fundamental Approach to Tech ETF Investing April 17, 2017 Equities France, Germany Elections Expected to Effect Euro ETF April 17, 2017 Currency-Hedged Regional Bank ETFs Look for Upside April 17, 2017 Equities The Impact of Quantitative Easing on the Economy April 17, 2017 ETF Strategists, Slider A Popular Dividend ETF Looks Appealing April 17, 2017 Equities Active Stock ETF Strategies to Manage Downside Risk April 17, 2017 New ETFs Smart ETF Strategies for Building Stronger Portfolios April 17, 2017 Smart-Beta U.S. Stock ETFs Look Refreshed After Extended Weekend April 17, 2017 Equities A Fundamental Approach to Tech ETF Investing April 17, 2017 Equities France, Germany Elections Expected to Effect Euro ETF April 17, 2017 Currency-Hedged About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Welcome! Company Site Log In Subscribe Register Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss Investing Ideas Fund Analyst Picks Picks by Category Fund Pick Performance Picks & Pans E-Newsletter Fund Spy Column Fund Spy Book Bond Squad Fund Video Reports FundInvestor Newsletter ETF Investing Fund Family Experts Fund Reports All Fund Analyst Reports Fund Stewardship Reports Fund Ratings Highest-Rated Value Highest-Rated Growth Highest-Rated Large-Cap Highest-Rated Mid-Cap Highest-Rated Small-Cap Foreign Fund Standouts Star Rating Performance Rating Methodology Fund Performance Top 1-Month Performers Top YTD Performers Top 1-Year Performers Top 3-Year Performers Top 5-Year Performers Fund Category Returns Biggest Daily NAV Changes Closed-End Funds Exchange-Traded Funds Quarterly Market Outlook Fund Screeners Basic Screeners Fund Screener Long-Term Winners Solid Small-Growth Funds Conservative Bond Funds Premium Screeners Premium Fund Screener Index Funds Hidden Gems Lower-Risk Foreign Funds Video Center Video Reports Embed this video Copy Code Link to this video Get LinkEmbedLicenseRecommend (-)Print By Morningstar.com | 04-13-2017 04:00 PM Weekly Wrap: Banks Kick Off Earnings, United Shares Grounded Plus, our take on a merger in the trucking industry, and Qualcomm shares still look attractive. Securities mentioned in this video SWFT Swift Transportation Co UAL United Continental Holdings Inc QCOM Qualcomm Inc C Citigroup Inc WFC Wells Fargo & Co KNX Knight Transportation Inc JPM JPMorgan Chase & Co Related Links JPMorgan Off to Another Strong Start in 2017 Knight and Swift Hookup A Win for Shareholders We're Bullish on a Housing Recovery Jeremy Glaser: Banks kick off earnings season. Is the damage to United's brand permanent? A trucking merger, and Qualcomm still looks attractive. This time on the Morningstar Weekly Wrap.  JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, and Citi all reported results on Thursday. Analyst Jim Sinegal gives his take and where he sees value today. Jim Sinegal: There's been some divergence in first-quarter banking results. What we've seen is that it was a great quarter for investment banking. JPMorgan did very well. Citigroup did very well. Retail banking was a bit of another story, especially for Wells Fargo, which has had some problems over the past few months. We've seen some customers perhaps defecting from Wells--account closures were up slightly from the previous month. Sales activity was down, and we've actually seen a little bit of shakiness in consumer credit. Auto loans have been an area of concern for a number of months now. We're starting to see that come through in results. Slightly higher losses--Wells in particular is pulling back on underwriting--so, a bit of worry around the consumer side of things. That said, things for the banks look very good overall. The rising interest-rate environment is helping, although there was a pause in first-quarter corporate credit demand. It looks like businesses are optimistic going forward, and we see some value in a couple of names.  Glaser: United spent the week trying to find its footing after forcibly removing a passenger from the plane last weekend. Analyst Chris Higgins shows what he thinks it means for long-term investors. Chris Higgins: Well there's no doubt that United Airlines has a PR crisis on its hands. We think for long-term investors, there's not a significant or material impact from this incident. If you're looking to hold United stock for two, three years out, we don't see financial or operational performance being impacted by this incident. However, over the six to nine months, we may see some headwinds in terms of United's demand, particularly in the Asia-Pacific region where it's trying to expand market share. Glaser: Trucking firms Knight and Swift agreed to a merger this week that Morningstar's Matthew Young thinks will be good for shareholders of both firms. Matthew Young: At the end of the day, Knight's shareholders will control about 46% of the new entity while Swift shareholders will control about 54%. Based on our DCF-derived estimate on the equity value of the new Knight-Swift enterprise, we raised our fair value for Knight by about a little over 10% and Swift by a little over 20%. And most of the upside there relates to the structure of the deal as well as our belief that Knight can take its best-in-class operating capabilities and take Swift's margin up to its level of performance, which is one of the best in the industry. Glaser: Qualcomm will have to refund Blackberry over $814 million in royalties, but analyst Abhinav Davuluri sees shares as attractive today. Abhinav Davuluri: With Blackberry having sunset its hardware business, the issue at hand is not whether Qualcomm is entitled to collect royalties, but more so on royalties for devices that were never actually sold. We don't see a particular read-through for Qualcomm's ongoing legal issues in South Korea, the U.S., and with Apple, despite shares having reacted negatively. With shares firmly entrenched in 4-star territory, we continue to see an appropriate margin of safety in this narrow-moat name. Glaser: And in case you missed it on the Morningstar this week, Charles Gross and Brian Bernard explain why we're still bullish on a continued housing recovery. Return to Discuss Comments     1-- of - Comments Oldest First | Newest First       1-- of - Comments Oldest First | Newest First Add a Comment Email me new replies. Post Cancel Add a Comment Please login or register to post a comment. Log InRegister LatestStocksFundsETFsBonds {1} {2} more... {0}-{1} of {2} Comments {0}-{1} of {2} Comment {0} {1} Flag {5} Report as off topic Report as inflammatory Report as advertising Report as copyright content This post has been reported. --- Remove off topic Remove inflammatory Remove advertising Remove copyright content Un-moderate post Comment removed for violation of Terms of Use ({0}) View Post Edit post Please create a username to comment on this article Username: Continue Please choose a name that's between six and fifteen characters long, starts with a letter, and contains only numbers and letters. Site Directory Site Map Our Products Corrections Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunities Glossary RSS Mobile Portfolio Affiliate Careers Company News International Sites: Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Premium Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Premium Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name Premium ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Popular Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Popular Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Charting the Market Charting the Market A graphic look at selected stock activity for the week ended April 13, 2017. Includes United Continental, Fastenal, and AmTrust Financial By Bill Alpert and David Schutt Biography April 15, 2017 1:13 a.m. ET Blackberry Qualcomm will have to pay the troubled smartphone maker $815 million, or $1.38 a share, to settle a royalty payment dispute. It will use the cash for acquisitions. United Continental Holdings A devastating video of a passenger being physically yanked from his seat because his flight was overbooked became a PR disaster. Lawsuits... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. A Bull Play on Bank of America’s Earnings Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Why an Apple Car is Most Likely a Fantasy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Undervalued Ford Stock, With 5% Yield, Drives Higher 2 Venmo Wants to Be More Grandma-Friendly 3 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists   Business (View all) Banking Economics International London Insurance M&A The Capitalist Politics Scottish Development International Talk CFA Institute Talk IDA Ireland Talk Industries (View all) Law & professional services Property Retail and leisure Marketing and advertising Pharmaceuticals Telecoms Media Transport and infrastructure Industrials Markets (View all) Currencies Cryptocurrencies Commodities Equities Bonds IPOs and fundraising Investment Challenge Technology (View all) Science Gadget reviews Cyber security Fintech Leadership (View all) Entrepreneurs Management Millennials Careers Women Life & Style (View all) Travel Watches Fashion Food Homes and interiors Cars Culture Money (View all) Investing Pensions Crowdfunding Alt-fi Personal banking and insurance ISAS Schroders Talk Sport (View all) Football Rugby Union Formula 1 Cricket The Punter Tennis Golf Sports money Lists (View all) Digital Innovators Rio 50 Power 100 Women Leap 100 Most viewed authors Emma Haslett (20,933 views) Oliver Gill (9,678 views) Nina Edy (8,479 views) City A.M. links Newsletters Latest paper Advertising Awards Wine Club Money Transfer Charity About Careers Tickets Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk Home Business Banking FTSE 250 19525.33 +0.52% FTSE 100 7327.59 -0.29% Bats UK 100 12407.97 -0.40% Home Business Banking Monday 17 April 2017 1:27pm Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America get set to report first-quarter results after strong performances from Wall Street rivals JP Morgan and Citigroup Share William Turvill I write about M&A, deals, IPOs, private equity, asset management, media and a few other areas for City A.M. I also write news features and am always interested in interviewing and profiling high-profile business figures. I previously worked for Press Gazette and Mail Online. Follow William Related City Talk CFA Institute Talk What’s wrong with MiFID II? Both JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup reported 17 per cent profit jumps for the first quarter last week (Source: Getty) William Turvill Wall Street is awaiting a second batch of US banking results this week after JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup both reported growing profits last week. Goldman Sachs and Bank of America will release their latest earnings figures on Tuesday, followed by Morgan Stanley on Wednesday. Read more: Trump bump: JP Morgan earnings smashed it again in the first quarter At the end of last week, JP Morgan Chase and Citigroup both reported 17 per cent first-quarter profit jumps, buoyed by the election of Donald Trump and higher interest rates. Profits at troubled lender Wells Fargo, meanwhile, were flat. According to an analysts’ consensus compiled by Yahoo Finance, Goldman Sachs is forecast revenues of $8.45bn (£6.73bn) for the first quarter, up 33 per cent on last year. Earnings per share, meanwhile, are expected to come in at $5.31, up from $2.68 in the first quarter of 2016. Morgan Stanley is expected to report revenues of $9.29bn, up 19 per cent year-on-year. And its earnings per share are seen coming in at $0.88, up from $0.55. Bank of America, meanwhile, is expected to report a turnover of $21.61bn, up 9.6 per cent on 2016, and earnings per share of $0.35, up from $0.28. Read more: Wells Fargo profits remain flat as scandal continues to weigh on finances In a report last week, S&P forecast global investment banks would boost their revenues by 10 per cent year-on-year in the first quarter of 2017. Over the year as a whole, it is expecting five per cent growth. Thomson Reuters figures earlier in the month showed investment banking fees rocketed to a 10-year high in the first quarter, thanks to big mergers and acquisitions and the so-called “Trump bump”. Last year, fees are estimated to have dropped 7.1 per cent. Share * Terms and conditions Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Tags Donald Trump Goldman Sachs JP Morgan Chase Morgan Stanley Topics A-Z Related articles Goldman Sachs wants to mine asteroids (and maybe crash the world economy) Lian Parsons | Staff What to expect from US banking results tomorrow Hayley Kirton | Staff JP Morgan upgrades UK growth forecasts Jasper Jolly | Staff Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up About  |  Advertising  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Sitemap  |  Latest paper Copyright © 2017 City A.M. Limited
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #ProsperityHub #EarningsSpecial News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks business Apr 17, 2017 05:40 PM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com JPMorgan raises target on Kotak Mahindra Bank, expects sharp earnings bounceback JPMorgan has raised target price by 17 percent to Rs 875 on Kotak Mahindra Bank. Moneycontrol News While maintaining neutral rating on Kotak Mahindra Bank, JPMorgan has raised target price by 17 percent to Rs 875, mainly on higher implied price-to-book value. "We are factoring in a fully leveraged return on equity for valuation, implicitly assuming that the excess capital will be utilised on a normalised basis. We are looking through the depressed near-term return on equity as we believe that the fortress balance sheet and high capital ratios is a strength in the current environment," it reasons. Effective use of the capital will be a factor in the long-term, but not for the next 2-3 years, according to the research house. The brokerage house says, "Kotak Bank's exceptional performance on asset quality and strong capital position gives it a major competitive edge at this point in the cycle. The stock is reflecting that and has started to reverse its CY16 underperformance (around 10 percent) versus NSE BANK index." It thinks this is an opportune time to leverage this advantage and M&A would be an attractive option. A bank merger makes strategic sense, notwithstanding the potential integration risks, while portfolio acquisitions would be more immediately accretive, it feels. The research firm says long term investors should stay in the stock though valuations could weigh on near-term performance. It expects a sharp earnings bounceback from FY18."We forecast around 31 percent and 25 percent EPS growth for FY18/FY19, with cost-income and credit costs driving return on asset improvement. Loan growth is expected to bounce back to around 20 percent off a low base, but would still lag peers," it explains. tags #Kotak Mahindra Bank #Stocks Views Related news Business See 5-6% downside in metal stocks; buy Cairn India, sell M&amp;M: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 18, 2017 11:59 AM Business Invest in Magma Fincorp, advises Sudarshan Sukhani Apr 18, 2017 11:50 AM Business Buy Maruti Suzuki, Bombay Rayon Fashions﻿; Tata Elxsi may hit Rs 1588: Rajat Bose Apr 18, 2017 11:41 AM Business Coal India falls after analysts turn cautious on coal downgrades Apr 18, 2017 11:37 AM Business Macquarie initiates coverage on HPCL, BPCL, IOC at outperform; sees 45-65% upside Apr 18, 2017 11:22 AM Business Buy Capital First on dips, M&amp;M Financial may test Rs 400: Ashwani Gujral Apr 18, 2017 11:16 AM Business Buy Reliance Industries, Indiabulls Housing Finance, GAIL India: Chandan Taparia Apr 18, 2017 10:43 AM Business Here are some fundamental ideas from Prakash Diwan Apr 18, 2017 09:51 AM Business Buy Indraprastha Gas, Fortis Healthcare, Dabur India; sell NTPC: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 18, 2017 09:16 AM News Most Popular Top News Looking for multibagger returns? Ten turnaround stories which gave up to 200% return in 1 year Operation Clean Money II: I-T sleuths to probe over 60,000 black money hoarders Now, earn Rs 10 for every person you refer to the BHIM app Are you an EPFO subscriber? Three major developments you need to know! Top 10 stocks which could be potential multibaggers in 2-3 years Market Live: Sensex, Nifty trade steady; Adani Group stocks gain TCS gave negative returns 3 out of 4 times post quarterly results. How to trade ahead of Q4? JM Financial sees 'monster rally' in PSU banks, sticks to 11,000 target for Nifty see more Video of the day JM Financial sees 'monster rally' in PSU banks, sticks to 11,000 target for Nifty Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
MBS Live | Automated Mortgage and Real Estate Newsletters | Advertise | Contact Register or Sign in        Email This Page     Link To This Page     Visit MND at MBA in NYC! 150,158 # of Subscribers Premium Services MBS Live! Learn More Start a 2 Week Free Trial Marketing Services Directory Listing Local Ads Enhanced / Search Optimized Profiles Client Testimonials Cobranding Services NO COMPETITOR ADS!! Cobranded Website Cobranded Email Cobranded Social Marketing Cobranded Print Cobranded Widgets View All Premium Services Home Page Open Home Page FRONT PAGE - HOME PAGE - NEWS STREAM - VIDEO NEWS  CHANNELS / TOPICS - MND NewsWire - Mortgage Rate Watch - MBS Commentary - Pipeline Press Secondary Markets Voice of Housing - Community Commentary SUBSCRIBE - Daily Newsletter - Daily Rate Report - News Alerts - Manage  Email Subscriptions - RSS Feeds More - About Us - Authors / Contributors - Submit an Article / Tip - News Widgets NEWS VIDEO NEWS - Video Home - Video RSS Feed VIDEO MND Live! MND Live! - Real-time Streaming Community Activity Comments - Reader's Comments Q&A - Q&A Home COMMUNITY MBS Markets MBS Prices Treasury / LIBOR Residential Mortgage Debt Mortgage Interest Rates Current Mortgage Rates FHFA / Freddie Mac / MBA Compare Lender Rates Bank Ratings Mortgage Calculators Mortgage Rate FAQs Primary Market Volume Mortgage Applications Total Outstanding Mortgages Net Change Outstanding Mortgages New Houses Financing Type Mortgage Originations Housing Production Building Permits Housing Starts Under Construction Housing Completions Construction Spending NAHB Builder Confidence Home Sales New Home Sales Existing Home Sales Pending Home Sales Home Prices FHFA Home Prices S&P Case Shiller New Home Prices Existing Home Prices Homeownership Vacancy Rate Homeownership Rate Housing Inventory MARKET DATA Current Rates - Current Mortgage Rates - 30 Year Fixed Rate Mortgage - Daily Rate Movements - Historic Mortgage Rates - FHFA / Freddie Mac / MBA - About Our Daily Rate Survey Compare Rates - See Rates From Top Lenders Tools - Mortgage Calculators - Mortgage Rate FAQs - Compare Lender Rates Follow Rates Daily - Daily Rate Update Email - Twitter - RSS MORTGAGE RATES Subscribe (free) - SUBSCRIBE HERE Daily Newsletter - Most Recent - Archive Daily Rate Update - Most Recent - Archive Weekly Newsletter - Most Recent - Archive Weekly Rate Update - Most Recent - Archive NEWSLETTERS Place your ad here Connect With MND Subscribe  Email Alerts Receive an Email Alert each time a story is posted to Pipeline Press. - Subscribe to Email Alerts  RSS - Posts  |  Comments - View All RSS Feeds  Newsletters - Subscribe to Newsletter - Subscribe to Mortgage Rates Update Latest Headlines From Pipeline Press Lender Earnings; Banks Adjust Asset Mix Due to Fed Moves Training and Events; North Korea, France, Italy moving rates... Lender Product News; Trends in Closing and eClosing Processes Vendor Products Updates; Webinars and Training Lender Changes to Fees and Price Caps; How is Agency Risk-Based... View All Other Top Headlines MBS Week Ahead: The Trend is Our Friend (Until It's Not) MBS RECAP: Bonds Buck Good Friday Trend With Help From MOAB Rates Push 2017 Lows For 3rd Straight Day Mortgage Banking Profits Increased in 2016 New Home Sales Soar, Prices Stabilize -MBA View More Latest Video Rush into bonds a greater... Retail sales fell in... Weak economic growth... View More Builder Confidence Ebbs; Rates Still Near 2017 Lows; CFPB Invites Comments; Trend is Our Friend For Now Published: 4/17/2017 VIEW | SUBSCRIBE | ARCHIVE            Comments "corrected. Thanks!" "typo in the 2nd word of the article." "The fact is that on time rental and utility payments are the..." "Couple of observations here: There's more "non-lending"..." "Pretty sure that removing tax liens and civil judgments will..." "No no no!" "Since when is this going to be in effect? Consumers should have..." "This will make it so more people have lower credit if you count..." Latest Questions Have MLO license interpretations for prior felonies been challenged /re-defined less... Do we qualify this year How do I find the historical data for prices on Agency MBS? Bottom Right Default State Name: California State Name underscore: California State Name dash: California State Name lower underscore: california State Name lower dash: california State Name lower: california State Abbreviation: CA State Abbreviation Lower: ca News Headlines » Pipeline Press Home About this Channel Pipeline Press is an informational forum focused on the interpretation and discussion of industry specific news, intelligence, investor bulletins, lender releases, developments, events and even rumor. Share:  Email    Link Here        Facebook        Twitter        LinkedIn        Google Plus Widgets by: Rob Chrisman Lender Earnings; Banks Adjust Asset Mix Due to Fed Moves Apr 17 2017, 8:29AM “It was a Monday, a day like any other day. I left a small town, for the apple in decay” - so sang Foreigner many years ago. But the Big Apple’s real estate market is hardly in decay. The number of Manhattan real estate sales (about 2,900) was essentially flat in the first quarter, but the average sale price inched up 2.6 percent to $2.1 million. Median sale prices (half above, half below) fell 3.3 percent to $1.1 million. CNBC suggests, “The big question for the Manhattan market is how it will absorb the tens of thousands of new units coming available over the next few months and years. Already, the number of condos on the market jumped 7 percent in the quarter, reaching a six-month supply.” Too bad we can’t spread those new units around to some other parts of the nation. Earnings News Per a Mortgage Bankers Association survey, independent mortgage banks and mortgage subsidiaries of chartered banks made an average profit of $1,346 on each loan they originated in 2016, up from $1,189 per loan in 2015. Of the 280 firms that reported production, 76 percent were independent mortgage companies and 24 percent were subsidiaries and other non-depository institutions. (In 2015, there were 6,913 U.S. financial institutions covered by the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act - HMDA.) For the mortgage industry as whole, the MBA estimated production volume at $1.89 trillion in 2016, from $1.68 trillion in 2015. Estimates for 2017 are in flux, but seem to center around $1.6 trillion. If you didn't make money in 2016 you're the minority. Marina Walsh, MBA Vice President of Industry Analysis, reported that, "Including both production and servicing operations, 94 percent of the firms in the study posted overall pre-tax net financial profits in 2016, from 92 percent 2015." Average loan balances rose to a study-high $244,945 for first mortgages in 2016, and revenues reached a study-high $8,555 per loan in 2016. Production expenses, however, also reached a study-high, at $7,209 per loan, and offset a portion of these revenue improvements. The net result was a slight increase in overall net production income. In its Annual Mortgage Bankers Performance Report the MBA reported that average production profit (net production income) rose to 58 basis points in 2016, compared to 52 basis points in 2015. In the first half of 2016, net production income averaged 61 basis points, then dropped to 55 basis points in the second half. Since inception of the Annual Performance Report in 2008, net production income by year has averaged 55 bps ($1,127 per loan). "Total production revenues (fee income, net secondary marking income and warehouse spread) rose slightly to 366 basis points in 2016, compared to 359 bps in 2015. On a per-loan basis, production revenues rose to $8,555 per loan in 2016, from $8,234 per loan in 2015. Total loan production expenses--commissions, compensation, occupancy, equipment, and other production expenses and corporate allocations--increased to $7,209 per loan in 2016, from $7,046 in 2015." And people keep becoming more expensive: personnel expenses averaged $4,801 per loan in 2016, up from $4,699 per loan in 2015. Productivity rose to 2.4 loans originated per production employee per month in 2016, from 2.2 in 2015. Production employees include sales, fulfillment and production support functions. Shifting to big bank earnings during the 1st quarter, it was a mixed bag for Citi, Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase, and PNC. Yet, in general, bank's senior management on the earnings calls sound upbeat about the lending environment despite some signs of a slowdown. The bank's latest earning reports reveal lower gains on residential mortgage servicing rights and lower mortgage loan revenues, but the banks are optimistic going into the 2017. Overall earnings for JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo were down slightly from the previous quarter. Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase reported about a 17% increase in profit for the first quarter, while Wells Fargo reported that its profit was flat. On conference calls with investors, bank executives were optimistic that efforts to revise financial regulations and reduce tax rates would help increase growth. Wells Fargo said it plans to close 200 branches per year for the next 2 years as it seeks to reduce expenses. (The bank closed 39 branches in Q1.) Wells' mortgage business, generally viewed as #1 in the nation, and therefore the world, in the first quarter of 2017 fell across most its divisions. Wells' management, however, noted the drop was not a surprise. The bank's first-quarter earnings stated, as expected, residential mortgage loan originations declined in the first quarter, down to $44 billion, from $72 billion in the fourth quarter. Mortgage-banking noninterest income decreased to $1.2 billion, compared with $1.4 billion in fourth quarter 2016. Additionally, mortgage servicing income increased to $456 million in the first quarter from $196 million in the fourth quarter, primarily due to lower unreimbursed servicing costs and lower prepayments. First quarter mortgage applications dropped, coming in at $59 billion, down from $75 billion in prior quarter, while the application pipeline fell to $28 billion at quarter end, down from $30 billion at Dec. 31, 2016. Over at CitiMortgage, it originated $3.8 billion of new originations, a 32.1 percent decline from the fourth quarter. Ouch. Compared to 1Q16, fundings were down 36.3 percent. On top of that, Citi's third-party servicing portfolio plummeted 66% to $48.5 billion. This was expected, however, since a few months ago Citigroup announced its exit from the servicing sector with a complete withdrawal coming by the end of 2018. (The first move in that process was to sell $97 billion in Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac servicing rights to New Residential Mortgage, LLC, a publicly traded REIT.) But the entire banking franchise posted a net profit of $4.09 billion in the first quarter, a 14.2 percent improvement from 4Q16. Capital Markets Anyone who started in this business in 2008 has seen an unusual time. Namely, following a reduction in short rates (interest rate on excess reserves, IOER or EBA rate) to 0.25% in late 2008, short-term rates were held low until December 2015. At that time, the Fed switched gears and began raising rates (by 25bp) to 0.50%. It then repeated the process in 2016 (+25bp) and took short rates to 0.75%. Then, at its most recent meeting last month, the Fed added another 25bp increase and took short rates to 1.00%. That is where things stand now. Now nearly every week a bevy of Fed speakers give their assessment of the U.S. economy, and give their opinions, given current conditions, of the chance for more rate increases. Remember that short-term rates don't determine mortgage rates, but FOMC participants at the latest meeting now project an average midpoint level of appropriate short term rates of about 1.50% for 2017 (+50bp more), 2.25% in 2018 (+75bp) and 3.00% in 2019 (+75bp). Of note, the top 25% highest projections for each year would be about 1.75% for 2017 (+75bp more), 3.00% for 2018 (+125bp) and 3.25% for 2019 (+25bp). To some extent bank stocks have rallied on the thought of higher short-term rates. While higher rates are generally seen as good news for banks, it depends. Yes, the NIM (net interest margin) spread will become larger, which allows banks to make more money. This is especially true if banks can raise deposit rates slower than lending rates (deposit beta). Given current projections, however, it appears funding costs will inevitably go up. That issue and the compounding one that the advantage of increased NIM spread is only there for new variable rate loan business must be considered too. Steve Brown with PCBB has observed that, "Fixed rate long-term loan structures requested by bank customers (or currently on bank books) would cause NIM to contract. That damages the benefit of a rising interest rate." Steve goes on to point out that, "Luckily, community banks have options. The first of these is to do a loan-for-loan swap for a customer interested in a new long-term fixed rate loan. This is where you put a hedge on your books for a floating rate, in exchange for your customer's fixed rate loan. This can be complicated and there are provisions you will need to check. It is critical in this approach to get the details right. In this instance, most banks typically engage in loan level hedging to mitigate NIM issues and remain competitive on loan rate offerings." Turning to the mundane bond markets, they were closed Friday. Late Wednesday and Thursday the yield on the 10-year, as a proxy for U.S. rates in general, chopped around in the low 2.20% range. So they've come down during April - primarily due to influences from overseas (North Korea, Italy, France, Syria) but also inflation data here in the States being very tame. And now we have a week full of thrilling government and private economic releases - much of it housing related. Today we've already had April's NY Fed Empire Manufacturing Index (at 5.2%, less than forecast), coming up is the April NAHB Housing Market Index. Tomorrow we'll have March Housing Starts and Building Permits and March Industrial Production & Capacity Utilization. Wednesday is the MBA's Mortgage Index for last week and the release of the April Fed's Beige Book. Thursday are Philadelphia Fed, Initial Jobless Claims, and March Leading Indicators. The only thing out Friday is March Existing Home Sales. Rates are slightly better than the last day that the bond market was trading. The 10-year is yielding 2.23% and current-coupon agency MBS prices are a smidge better. New products New America Financial Corporation announced the growth of its "Builder Partner Program" across all 11 states in which the company operates, offering exclusive products designed to help drive sales for its preferred Builder Partners. "We have created a unique offering of products and services for our Builder Partners to sell and close more new homes, providing niche products that are flexible and loan solutions that address more unique homebuyer situations - many of which are not offered by other lenders," explained Todd Sheinin, COO, in a statement announcing the strategic builder program expansion. "We are transforming the expectations of our Builder Referral Partners with our underwrite-to-process approach and 8 day clear to close platform, helping our preferred partners move their 'spec' homes faster than ever." New America Financial operates branches across 15 states including: Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Indiana, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Delaware, West Virginia, Maryland, Virginia and DC. For brokers, Parkside Lending announced that it is now offering VA loans. "We have an exceptionally experienced team of Linda Jacopetti and Marcy Neves leading our VA program. Linda, our Head of Underwriting and Government Operations, has leveraged a proven track record of building VA programs from the ground up to design Parkside's VA program. Marcy, our Government Underwriting Manager, is the most-tenured underwriter in the VA system and leads our VA underwriting team. We are excited and honored to participate in this invaluable benefit that gives back to those who serve our country in the Armed Forces. It is an opportunity that they have truly earned. For more details, contact your AE or sales@parksidelending.com." Jobs Finance of America Mortgage, LLC, one of the nation's top retail mortgage lenders is looking to add experienced, producing and non-producing Sales Managers in NJ, PA, DE & MD. "As a major mortgage lender, FOA provides both in branch or corporate sourced processing, underwriting and closing, and provides its sales force with outstanding sales management support. It offers active CRM tools, product and sales training and a secure working environment. Finance of America offers a wide array of highly competitive products and special programs, a highly competitive commission plan and a great menu of employee benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401K). Be a part of one of the fastest growing nationwide mortgage bankers with the feel of a local lender." For more information, contact Frank Mancino, Regional Vice President at 877-583-3562 ext. 3221. Angel Oak Mortgage Solutions, the leader in Non-Agency/Non-QM space, continues to add Wholesale Account Executives across the country to help loan officers expand its business. "With rates on the rise, looking to alternative lending to help replace refi business makes perfect sense. To continue to deliver an extraordinary customer experience while realizing record monthly volumes, they are also hiring underwriters and other operations positions in their Atlanta headquarters. If you've been thinking about making a move into the fastest growing segment of the mortgage industry, there's no better time. Come join the nation's top Non-QM lender by emailing careers@angeloakms.com to start the conversation or watch this clip from their Mortgage News Network's Top Mortgage Employer's interview for more information." About the Author Rob Chrisman Pipeline Press, Author Rob Chrisman began his career in mortgage banking - primarily capital markets - 27 years ago in 1985 with First California Mortgage, assisting in Secondary Marketing until 1988, when he joined Tuttle & Co., a leading mortgage pipeline risk management... more Share:  Email    Link Here        Facebook        Twitter        LinkedIn        Digg        Google Plus More ↓ More More ↓ More StumbleUpon del.icio.us MySpace Yahoo! Buzz Subscribe ↓ More Subscribe ↓ More Email Email Alerts Daily Newsletter View All Email Options RSS All Headlines This Channel Only Video Around The Web View All RSS Feeds Did you know? You can see a list of all comments on MND by clicking the 'Read the Latest Comments' option under the 'Community' menu.  Follow Comments:  This Post  |  All Comments  |  Learn More Comments Join Now or Login to Post Comments Report Reason: <<  >> More From MND MBS Commentary MBS Week Ahead: The Trend is Our Friend (Until It's... On Good Friday (when markets were closed), both Retail Sales and the Consumer Price Index came out weaker than expected. Of particular interest is the... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Bonds Buck Good Friday Trend With Help From... Heading into Good Friday weekend, it's not uncommon for bond markets to retrace whatever the trend happens to be earlier in the week. In other words... Mortgage Rate Watch Rates Push 2017 Lows For 3rd Straight Day Mortgage rates set new 2017 lows for the third straight day today, although only in terms of "effective rates" (which take upfront costs into account)... MND NewsWire Mortgage Banking Profits Increased in 2016 Despite a terrible fourth quarter, independent mortgage banks and mortgage subsidiaries of chartered banks managed to have a slightly more profitable year... MND NewsWire New Home Sales Soar, Prices Stabilize -MBA The Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA) says it appears that new home sales were exceptional strong in March. Its Builder Application Survey (BAS) shows... Pipeline Press Training and Events; North Korea, France, Italy moving... The Trump administration is working to revise or replace the Dodd-Frank Act, President Donald Trump told a group of CEOs. House Financial Services Committee... MBS Commentary MBS Day Ahead: Last Trading Day of The Week in Brave... This holiday-shortened 3.5-day trading week has quickly become a brave new world for bond markets. Actually, it might be better characterized as a return... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: First Real Attempt to Break 2017's Range Friday was exciting for a short while. Following the weaker-than-expected NFP, 10yr yields briefly broke below 2.27--emphasis on "brief." Friday... Mortgage Rate Watch Rates Move Deeper Into 2017 Lows After Trump Comments Mortgage rates continued lower today, bringing them even deeper into new lows for 2017. Bond markets (which underlie rate movement) were already doing... MND NewsWire Important Mortgage Performance Metric Best in 10 Years Early-stage mortgage delinquencies are an important measure of mortgage market health, and CoreLogic reports they are continuing to decline . In January... Pipeline Press Lender Product News; Trends in Closing and eClosing... “Marriage is a legal and religious alliance entered into by a man who can’t sleep with the window shut and a woman who can’t sleep with... MBS Commentary MBS Day Ahead: Bonds Continue Following Risk Trade... Yesterday, it became increasingly clear in the middle of the trading session that bond markets were responding to the "risk-off" trading motivations... MND NewsWire Purchase Loan Applications Set New Price Record The volume of mortgage applications reversed a three-week losing streak to rise 1.5 percent on a seasonally adjusted basis last week. The Mortgage Bankers... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Risk-On/Off Trade Takes a Step in Bonds'... Today's bond market rally masqueraded as a " tradeflow move" surrounding the NYSE Open. We know that ETF trading has been increasingly important... Mortgage Rate Watch Mortgage Rates Hit New 2017 Lows Mortgage rates moved lower today--significantly in some cases--with the average lender making it back to 2017's lows for the first time since January.... MND NewsWire Vacation Home Sales Plunged in 2016, Mortgage Use Up While home sales in 2016 were the strongest in years, the National Association of Realtors® (NAR) said on Tuesday there was a shift in their composition... MND NewsWire Intent to Buy Wanes in Renter Survey Renter households appear increasingly willing to stay as such, per Freddie Mac. The company has released results from its latest renter survey, conducted... MBS Commentary MBS Day Ahead: Light Calendar Remains; 10yr Auction... (NOTE: If you're subscribed to receive MBS Commentary emails, you will have received last Friday's Recap in error this morning. Sorry for the confusion... MBS Commentary MBS RECAP: Range-Bound Bonds Wait For Inspiration On a positive note, bonds were slightly stronger today and yields held just barely below a technical level that has been more of floor than a ceiling for... Around The Web Vacation Home Sales Plunged in 2016, as Prices Hit... Soaring prices are hitting the vacation home market, as a growing number of Americans now choose to rent rather than buy their beach and mountain homes... View More at the Market Data Center Mortgage Rates: 30 Yr FRM 4.04% | 15 Yr FRM 3.27% | Jumbo 30 Year Fixed 4.31% MBS Prices: 30YR FNMA 4.5 107-18 (-0-03) | 30YR FNMA 5.0 109-15 (0-05) | 30YR FNMA 5.5 111-06 (-0-06) Recent Housing Data: Mortgage Apps 0% | Refinance Index 0% | Purchase Index 0% FREE MEMBERSHIP Membership Advantages Register for Free Sign In Forgot Password MBS LIVE! Learn About MBS Live! 2 Week Free Trial Sign In MORE INFO Contact Us Advertising Become a Contributor About MND NEWS Front Page News Stream Micro News Video News Around the Web MARKET DATA Current Mortgage Rates MBS Prices MBS Live! Housing Data MARKETPLACE Local Mortgage Professionals Local Real Estate Professionals +Add Your Free Listing Vendor Marketplace Browse Companies +Add Your Company PRESS CENTER Recent Press Releases Subscribe: Email  RSS Submit a Press Release Submit a News Tip Submit a Link to News Contact Our Press Team COMMUNITY User Comments Q&A STAY CONNECTED Daily Newsletter Email Alerts Mobile Version RSS Feeds Widgets Our Story Founded in 2004, Mortgage News Daily has established itself as a leader in housing news, analysis and data. Our innovative social media platform combines industry leading content and data with an active community of industry professionals, to accomplish our primary goal - keeping our readers informed. Total Members 150,158 Subscribe to Our Newsletter Follow On Your Mobile Device Subscribe To RSS Follow On Twitter Follow On Facebook Home - About - Contact - Sitemap - Disclaimer - Privacy Statement - Advertising - RSS All Content Copyright © 2003 - 2017 Brown House Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form without the express written permission of MortgageNewsDaily.com is prohibited.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News See Which Of The Latest 13F Filers Holds JPMorgan Chase Shutterstock photo At Holdings Channel , we have reviewed the latest batch of the 20 most recent 13F filings for the 03/31/2017 reporting period, and noticed that JPMorgan Chase & Co (Symbol: JPM) was held by 17 of these funds. When hedge fund managers appear to be thinking alike, we find it is a good idea to take a closer look. Before we proceed, it is important to point out that 13F filings do not tell the whole story, because these funds are only required to disclose their long positions with the SEC, but are not required to disclose their short positions. A fund making a bearish bet against a stock by shorting calls, for example, might also be long some amount of stock as they trade around their overall bearish position. This long component could show up in a 13F filing and everyone might assume the fund is bullish, but this tells only part of the story because the bearish/short side of the position is not seen . Having given that caveat, we believe that looking at groups of 13F filings can be revealing, especially when comparing one holding period to another. Below, let’s take a look at the change in JPM positions, for this latest batch of 13F filers: Fund New Position? Change In Share Count Change In Market Value($ in 1000’s) Arvest Bank Trust Division Existing -5,565 -$109 Peoples Financial Services CORP. Existing -3,422 +$187 American Research & Management Co. Existing -896 -$75 CHICAGO TRUST Co NA Existing -7,121 -$557 Tompkins Financial Corp Existing -806 +$10 Heritage Investors Management Corp Existing -15,916 -$928 Graybill Bartz & Assoc Ltd. Existing -21,809 -$1,848 Cobiz Wealth LLC Existing +338 +$132 Doyle Wealth Management NEW +173,472 +$15,238 First Command Financial Services Inc. Existing +595 +$59 Viking Fund Management LLC Existing UNCH +$26 Cribstone Capital Management LLC Existing +222 +$30 Torch Wealth Management LLC Existing -2,749 -$180 WP Advisors LLC NEW +3,844 +$338 Horan Securities Inc. NEW +590 +$50 Iowa State Bank Existing -429 +$68 Norway Savings Bank Existing -3,870 -$298 Aggregate Change: +116,478 +$12,143 In terms of shares owned, we count 3 of the above funds having increased existing JPM positions from 12/31/2016 to 03/31/2017, with 10 having decreased their positions and 3 new positions. Worth noting is that Americafirst Capital Management LLC , included in this recent batch of 13F filers, exited JPM common stock as of 03/31/2017. Looking beyond these particular funds in this one batch of most recent filers, we tallied up the JPM share count in the aggregate among all of the funds which held JPM at the 03/31/2017 reporting period (out of the 287 we looked at in total). We then compared that number to the sum total of JPM shares those same funds held back at the 12/31/2016 period, to see how the aggregate share count held by hedge funds has moved for JPM. We found that between these two periods, funds increased their holdings by 968,076 shares in the aggregate, from 33,296,472 up to 34,264,548 for a share count increase of approximately 2.91%. The overall top three funds holding JPM on 03/31/2017 were: We’ll keep following the latest 13F filings by hedge fund managers and bring you interesting stories derived from a look at the aggregate information across groups of managers between filing periods. While looking at individual 13F filings can sometimes be misleading due to the long-only nature of the information, the sum total across groups of funds from one reporting period to another can be a lot more revealing and relevant, providing interesting stock ideas that merit further research, like JPMorgan Chase & Co (Symbol: JPM). 10 S&P 500 Components Hedge Funds Are Buying » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dynamic Compressive Plate Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Dynamic Compressive Plate Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10570682 Next part of the Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, Europe, the Middle East and Africa production and revenue are studied. Top key players of Dynamic Compressive Plate Market: • Altimed • Arthrex • ARZZT • Beijing Libeier Bio-engineering Institute • Biomet • Biotech Medical • Depuy Synthes Further in the report, Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Industry consumption for major regions is given. Dynamic Compressive Plate Market by Application: • Hospital • Clinic The Dynamic Compressive Plate Market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Dynamic Compressive Plate Market by Product Type: • Adult Compressive Plate • Children Compressive Plate Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10570682 Dynamic Compressive Plate Market by Region: • Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux; • Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran; • Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Dynamic Compressive Plate Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Major Topics Covered in Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Research Report Are as Follows: Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders • Marketing Channel • Direct Marketing • Indirect Marketing • Market Positioning • Pricing Strategy • Brand Strategy • Target Client • Distributors/Traders List For Any Query on Dynamic Compressive Plate Market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10570682 Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Effect Factors Analysis • Technology Progress/Risk • Substitutes Threat • Technology Progress in Related Industry • Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Forecast 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021 • Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Dynamic Compressive Plate Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Dynamic Compressive Plate Market industry before evaluating its feasibility. Search Recent Posts See Which Of The Latest 13F Filers Holds JPMorgan Chase Dynamic Compressive Plate Market provides the industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis. This Dynamic Compressive Plate Market industry report study provides analysis based on Geographical Regions, Manufacturers, Applications, Types, Drivers, Opportunities, and Challenges which enhances the understanding, scope and application of this report. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10570682 Next part of the Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The report sheds light on the production, production plants, their capacities, Europe, the Middle East and Africa production and revenue are studied. Top key players of Dynamic Compressive Plate Market: • Altimed • Arthrex • ARZZT • Beijing Libeier Bio-engineering Institute • Biomet • Biotech Medical • Depuy Synthes Further in the report, Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market is examined for price, cost and gross revenue. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. The Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Industry consumption for major regions is given. Dynamic Compressive Plate Market by Application: • Hospital • Clinic The Dynamic Compressive Plate Market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions development status. Dynamic Compressive Plate Market by Product Type: • Adult Compressive Plate • Children Compressive Plate Get Sample PDF of report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10570682 Dynamic Compressive Plate Market by Region: • Europe: Germany, France, UK, Russia, Italy and Benelux; • Middle East: Saudi Arabia, Israel, UAE and Iran; • Africa: South Africa, Nigeria, Egypt and Algeria. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Dynamic Compressive Plate Market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Major Topics Covered in Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Research Report Are as Follows: Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders • Marketing Channel • Direct Marketing • Indirect Marketing • Market Positioning • Pricing Strategy • Brand Strategy • Target Client • Distributors/Traders List For Any Query on Dynamic Compressive Plate Market report, Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10570682 Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Effect Factors Analysis • Technology Progress/Risk • Substitutes Threat • Technology Progress in Related Industry • Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Forecast 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Production, Consumption Forecast by Regions 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Production Forecast by Type 2017-2021 • Europe, the Middle East and Africa Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Consumption Forecast by Application 2017-2021 • Dynamic Compressive Plate Market Price Forecast 2017-2021 The report then estimates 2017-2021 market development trends of Dynamic Compressive Plate Market. Analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Dynamic Compressive Plate Market industry before evaluating its feasibility. SilverTech Launches Odorless Undergarments for Women on Kickstarter Daily Report Honors Greenberg Traurig With Third Consecutive Litigation Department Of The Year Win Aga Khan Foundation Canada’s “Together” Tour Receives Outstanding Achievement Award Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Home World War & Peace Economy Climate Rights Solutions U.S. Canada Corporate Executives Swamp the White House For Immediate Release Monday, April 17, 2017 - 2:15pm Organization Profile:  Public Citizen Contact:  Phone: 202-588-1000 Corporate Executives Swamp the White House Trump Has Met With Nearly 200 Corporate Execs Since His Inauguration – An Average of More Than Two a Day WASHINGTON - Corporate executives have swamped President Donald Trump’s White House to an astonishing degree, a Public Citizen review of news reports and White House press releases reveals. Since his inauguration, Trump has met with at least 190 corporate executives – averaging more than two a day, according to Public Citizen’s analysis. Counting repeat attendees, Trump has had at least 222 corporate executive meetings. These totals do not include his reported frequent telephone conversations with Blackstone’s Steve Schwarzman, JPMorgan Chase’s Jamie Dimon and other CEOs. Nor do they not count administration members and nominees. Public Citizen released its analysis as the Trump administration comes under fire for policy reversals attributed to corporate influence and just days after the administration ended the public disclosure of White House visitor logs. “Donald Trump has asked America’s CEOs for marching orders, and in meeting after meeting, they are happily issuing instructions,” said Robert Weissman, president of Public Citizen. “As best anyone can decipher what’s going on at the White House, the CEOs are in charge now – and they are predictably advocating their narrow, short-term profitability interests, not what’s in America’s interest.” While Trump occasionally has granted an audience with individual executives, the high numbers are due in large part to gatherings of executives at the White House. These extraordinary gatherings, which have the explicit purpose of providing a way for Big Business to shape the administration’s policies, are supplemented by the president’s more casual interactions with corporate leaders at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., where the membership fee is now $200,000. Many of the gatherings reflect the administration’s interest in giving special consideration to the views of specific corporate sectors, such as airlines, health insurance corporations, pharmaceutical corporations, the automotive industry and regional banks. One of every five corporate executives who have met with the Trump administration since his inauguration represented the banking or financial sector, a particular focus of Trump’s criticism during the campaign. During the presidential campaign, candidate Trump proclaimed, “Our campaign is about breaking up the special-interest monopoly in Washington, D.C.” “President Trump not only has betrayed the promises of candidate Trump by failing to break up the special-interest monopoly in Washington, D.C., he has invited the special interests into the White House and asked them for guidance on how to deepen and perpetuate their monopoly,” Weissman said. Among the corporate executives Trump has entertained within the first 100 days are wealthy donors (such as Sheldon Adelson, David Koch, Carl Lindner III) and the heads of large corporations (including JPMorgan Chase, Dow Chemical and Wal-Mart). During the transition, Trump presided over a meeting that included media executives representing CNN, MSNBC, NBC and Fox News. ### Public Citizen is a national, nonprofit consumer advocacy organization founded in 1971 to represent consumer interests in Congress, the executive branch and the courts. Organization Links Public Citizen Public Citizen (Press Center) Public Citizen (Action Center) Share This Article More in: Economy, U.S. , Conflict of Interest, Donald Trump, Corporate Power, Public Citizen, Democracy Join the resistance! Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Michael Winship The Waters of Trump’s Washington Are Dark and Deep Stanka Becheva The Battle to Feed the World: David vs. Goliath Masha Gessen The Real Madman Hank Edson Reaching Impeachment Critical Mass Paul Buchheit What Our Grandchildren Will Do When the Jobs Are Gone Richard Eskow Trump’s Five Worst Tax Secrets, Revealed Ira Chernus Trump, A Symptom Of What? Michael Schwalbe Nothing Beats Science for Explaining How the World Works Robert Dodge Tax Day—the Nuclear Option Steven Singer Dept of Ed Hires Anti-Civil Rights Crusader to Protect Student's Nonexistent Civil Rights... John Feffer Trump's New Foreign Policy Is the Worst of Both Worlds... Dave Zweifel Trump's Budget Paves a Road I Don't Want to Travel... More Views News That Matters Trump White House Taking 'Marching Orders' from Hundreds of CEOs: Report RESIST DAY #88: What You Can Do Today Oathbreaker-in-Chief? Majority Doesn't Trust Trump to Keep His Promises Georgia Democrat Leads the Pack in Closely-Watched Special Election Sanders and Perez to Launch Nationwide 'Come Together & Fight Back' Tour Artist Redesigns National Parks Posters for 2050, Showcasing Climate Devastation 'New Step in Long Walk to Freedom': Palestinian Prisoners Launch Mass Hunger Strike After Surprise Visit to DMZ, Pence Tells North Korea 'All Options Are on the Table' Don't Be Fooled, McKibben Says. On Climate, Trudeau's No Better Than Trump. Erdoğan Claims Ultimate Power in Turkey After Nearly Split Vote More News Further Looking To Take Trump Down With Great Vengeance and Furious Anger Vowing to "Make Trump Furious," 30-year-old progressive Jon Ossoff is aiming for the first Democratic win since the 1970s in Georgia's longtime conservative Sixth District in Tuesday's special election to replace Tom Price. Now leading a field of 18 candidates, the potential first "Congressman of the Resistance" has drawn a broad array of supporters including the ever-fierce Samuel L. Jackson; in a new radio ad urging voters to turn out, the actor and activist, as usual, ain't fooling around. Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster / General Info 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Washington Real Estate Investment Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Torch Wealth Management LLC Has $355,000 Position in Splunk Inc (SPLK) Torch Wealth Management LLC Purchases 135 Shares of Chubb Ltd (CB) Five Below Inc (FIVE) Shares Bought by Torch Wealth Management LLC Iowa State Bank Continues to Hold Stake in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Torch Wealth Management LLC Has $1.582 Million Position in B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Iowa State Bank Has $1.765 Million Stake in Masco Corp (MAS) GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Position Increased by Iowa State Bank Norway Savings Bank Buys 119 Shares of Chubb Ltd (CB) Norway Savings Bank Reduces Stake in C R Bard Inc (BCR) Apache Co. (APA) Shares Sold by Norway Savings Bank Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Stake Decreased by Norway Savings Bank Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Director Lawrence M. Levy Sells 10,757 Shares of Stock Short Interest in Melco Crown Entertainment (MPEL) Declines By 24.5% Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Director Paul Sagan Sells 18,666 Shares of Stock Analysts Anticipate Vericel Corp (VCEL) to Post -$0.19 Earnings Per Share Easterly Government Properties (DEA) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.04 Dominion Resources Black Warrior Trust (DOM) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.33 Enzo Biochem (ENZ) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Fiera Capital Corp (FSZ) Given a C$14.50 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts Celestica Inc (CLS) Rating Reiterated by TD Securities Iowa State Bank Continues to Hold Stake in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Iowa State Bank held its stake in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 7,500 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Iowa State Bank’s holdings in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust were worth $235,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in WRE. BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 295,432 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $9,194,000 after buying an additional 1,548 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its stake in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 12.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 38,159 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,188,000 after buying an additional 4,284 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 3,218.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 596,571 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $18,566,000 after buying an additional 578,592 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 4.2% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 124,673 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3,880,000 after buying an additional 5,061 shares in the last quarter. Finally, KBC Group NV increased its stake in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 84.1% in the third quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 27,798 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $865,000 after buying an additional 12,697 shares in the last quarter. 87.44% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) traded up 0.28% during trading on Monday, reaching $32.36. 245,548 shares of the company were exchanged. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust has a 1-year low of $27.65 and a 1-year high of $34.61. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $31.60 and its 200 day moving average is $31.26. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.62 and a beta of 0.89. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust had a return on equity of 19.15% and a net margin of 55.81%. The business had revenue of $76.90 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $77.56 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.46 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Washington Real Estate Investment Trust will post $0.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were given a dividend of $0.30 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.72%. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 48.98%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Iowa State Bank Continues to Hold Stake in Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/iowa-state-bank-continues-to-hold-stake-in-washington-real-estate-investment-trust-wre.html. WRE has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 25th. Stifel Nicolaus upped their price target on shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from $31.00 to $33.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $35.50 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $34.08. About Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Washington Real Estate Investment Trust is a self-administered equity real estate investment trust. The Company’s business consists of the ownership and operation of real property in the greater Washington metro region. The Company owns a diversified portfolio of office buildings, multifamily buildings and retail centers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WRE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE). Receive News & Ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Earnings: Another Financial Roundup With BAC, GS, and MS The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 17, 2017 2:27pm   Comments Share: Following strong results from JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) and Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) that beat expectations last week, some analysts are more optimistic heading into this week’s major financial earnings. Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE: GS) report before open on Tuesday, and Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) report before market open on Wednesday. JPM topped many analysts’ expectations and reported earnings-per share, or EPS, of $1.54 on revenue of $25.59 billion. Trading revenue and average core loan growth at the bank was higher than most analysts expected. C also beat analysts’ estimates and reported EPS of $1.27 on revenue of $18.12 billion. Its fixed income trading revenue climbed 19% from the same quarter last year and equity trading revenue increased 10%.  Following JPM and C’s positive Q1 results, some analysts think GS, MS and BAC’s trading revenues could top expectations as well. Fixed income, currency and commodity (FICC) and equity trading makes up about 40% of GS and MS, while trading is just over 14% of BAC’s business. Another area analysts have focused on is the future direction of interest rates and how that could impact lenders. With interest rates close to historic lows, there is an expectation interest rates will continue to rise in the future—by how much or when is the big unknown. Some analysts think if consumers are worried interest rates are going to rise quickly, they could decide to make larger purchases sooner to lock in current interest rates, potentially speeding up loan growth at certain banks. Many sectors rallied since the November elections on expectations of tax reform, deregulation, and rising interest rates—including the financial sector. Lately though, “Stocks are waffling and are likely to remain wobbly until earnings as people refrain from taking positions,” said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Financial, in a recent International Business Times article.   Bank of America (BAC) Earnings BAC has a large lending business and many analysts expect it to benefit if interest rates continue to rise. Last quarter, BAC’s net interest income—the difference between revenue the bank generates from assets and the expenses associated with paying its liabilities—increased 6% to $10.3 billion. In the company’s Q4 earnings press release, CFO Paul Donofrio said “while the recent rise in interest rates came too late in to impact fourth-quarter results, we expect to see a significant increase in net interest income in the first quarter of 2017.”       BAC is expected to report earnings-per-share, or EPS, of $0.35 on revenue of $21.54 billion, according to consensus third-party analyst estimates. Higher net interest income, loan book growth, and expansion in its wealth management business are expected contributors to the expected 25% year-over-year increase in Q1 earnings. The bank has beat earnings expectations in the last three quarters. BAC recently hit a 52-week high of $25.80 on March 2, but has declined a little over 13% since. Options traders have priced in a potential 1.8% share price move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move indicator on the thinkorswim platform. At the monthly April 21 expiration, short-term options trading in calls has been active at the 23 and 23.5 strike prices while puts have been active at the 22.5 and 23 strikes. The implied volatility sits at the 30th percentile. Note: Call options represent the right, but not the obligation, to buy the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Put options represent the right, but not the obligation to sell the underlying security at a predetermined price over a set period of time. Goldman Sachs (GS) Earnings Following stronger-than-expected equity trading results from JPM and FICC trading results from C, some analysts have been more optimistic about upcoming GS earnings. CFRA analyst Ken Leon said “following strong results in investment banking and trading by JP Morgan, we believe GS will deliver comparable strength. GS has the highest revenue concentration to the capital markets vs. peers.” GS is expected to report earnings-per-share, or EPS, of $5.38 on revenue of $8.37 billion, just over double the $2.68 EPS reported in Q1 2016, according to consensus third-party analyst estimates. GS also hit a 52-week high of $255.15 at the beginning of March, but has since retreated and the stock closed at $223.32 on Thursday (markets were closed on Friday). Options traders have priced in a potential 1.5% share price move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move indicator on the thinkorswim platform. In short-term options activity leading up to earnings, calls have been active at the 230 strike price while puts have been active at the 225 and 230 strikes, both at the monthly April 21 expiration. The implied volatility sits at the 36th percentile. Morgan Stanley (MS) Earnings Comparable to GS, equity and FICC trading makes up a large portion of MS revenue and some analysts have expressed optimism trading revenues this quarter will beat expectations based on C and JPM’s results. Management cited strong sales and trading results, strength in M&A advisory, and positive results in its wealth management business as contributors to its earnings beat last quarter. The wealth management giant has beat top and bottom-line expectations in the past several quarters and is expected to report Q1 EPS of $0.90 on revenue of $9.1 billion, according to consensus third-party analyst estimates. MS reported EPS of $0.55 on revenue of $7.79 billion in the same quarter last year. Following the same pattern as many other financials, MS hit a 52-week high of $47.33 early in March and the stock closed just above $40 at the end of last week. Short-term options traders have priced in a potential 1.6% share price move in either direction around the earnings release, according to the Market Maker Move indicator on the thinkorswim platform. At the April monthly expiration leading up to earnings, calls have been active at the 41.5 and 42 strike prices while puts have seen activity at the 40 and 45 strikes. The implied volatility sits at the 45th percentile. It’s a busy earnings week with Dow components Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) and International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) reporting earnings before market open tomorrow, and General Electric Company (NYSE: GE) later in the week. For more earnings coverage, check out my preview of what might be expected when Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) reports after the bell today. Posted-In: JJ Kinahan The Ticker TapeAnalyst Color Earnings Previews Options Markets Trading Ideas © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BAC + C) One Of The Street's Top Bank Analyst Offers His Hottest Pick Earnings Preview: Netflix Streams Q1 Results After Close Back To The Grind: International Tension Still Predominates After Long Weekend Wall Street To Corporate America: Thanks Fast Money Final Trades For April 17 Jim Cramer: Forget Bank Earnings, Focus On Facebook View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 LLY, PTHN: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 GOOGL, INTC: Nvidia-Google Blog Beef: Here's What You Need To Know 3 DIS, AAPL: 5 Reasons Apple Won't Buy Disney 4 CE, JBHT: 5 Stocks To Watch For April 17, 2017 5 AMD: Advanced Micro Devices Higher Off Positi... 6 FSLR, CSIQ: Top Solar Analyst Likens Canad... 7 NKE, UAA: 'Chef Curry'... 1 When Did It Become Normal For U.S. Presidents To Show Citizens Their Tax Returns? 2 GS, C: One Of The Street's Top Bank Analyst Offers His Hottest Pick 3 FB: Credit Suisse Raises Facebook Target To $175 Amid Projected Ad Volume Growth 4 UAL, ODP: United CEO Oscar Munoz Also Owes Investors An Apology 5 SOXL, FAZ: Hot Leveraged Sector ETFs 6 VNCE, INCY: 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Monday 7 LNCE: Snyder's-Lance CEO Change, Lower Guid... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products JCPenney Hovers Above Lower End Of 31-Day Trading Range
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 The Future of Higher Education General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes Icon Honors NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In 'Womenomics' is focus of upcoming, innovative conference in Jersey City By Meg Fry, April 17, 2017 at 2:05 PM Daryl Rand, CEO and president of HarrisonRand Advertising. - (HARRISONRAND ADVERTISING) Daryl Rand said she has been working on an upcoming, innovative, three-day event for nearly a year.  But in reality, “One World: Empowering Women for the Global Conversation” has been more than a decade in the making.   “Future business leaders, and especially women, must learn to become globalists,” Rand, CEO and president of Guttenberg-based HarrisonRand Advertising, said. “Their products, services and leadership will undoubtedly be affected by what is going on in the world, and will change the dialogues that they have on a routine basis within their own business landscapes.”   The program, hosted by New Jersey City University’s School of Business from May 17 through May 19 at the Mack-Cali Harborside Complex in Jersey City, will focus extensively on “womenomics” and the empowerment and advancement of women in multiple areas, including health care, financial wellness, education, corporate leadership, entrepreneurship and global business.   With a strong focus on technology-enabled live conversations with women leaders in India and China, more than 350 members of the business community and university students are expected to attend.  “This conference intends to remind us to refocus our energies on acquiring the necessary skills that will position us well within a global marketplace,” Rand said. “I believe that impacting hundreds of people within multiple networks and spheres of influence, while also communicating with and bringing together those living in other countries, will make all the difference when it comes to the realization of gender parity.”   Rand already is an expert in such matters.   As former president of the New York Chapter of the International Advertising Association and the IAA World Board, Rand observed that very few women ever got the chance to attend world congresses or participate in global organizations.  In response, starting in 2005, Rand organized and led groups of businesswomen from New Jersey and New York in traveling to India for a week to establish and grow business relationships and encourage gender parity.  Since its beginnings, approximately 120 women have traveled as part of Friends of India to serve both networking and philanthropic purposes by supporting Children’s Hope India.  “Many of the women who traveled with Friends of India served on the advisory committee for ‘One World,’ ” Rand said. “They have all been enriched, both professionally and personally, by gaining much more diverse insights into the global economy.”  Alma DeMetropolis, managing director and New Jersey market president for JPMorgan Chase, and Sue Henderson, president of New Jersey City University, are just two of the women who traveled with Rand as part of the organization.    “Given that JPMorgan Chase is a global financial services firm, ‘One World’ is very much in line with what we promote within our own workplace and industry,” DeMetropolis said. “This event will take a 360 degree view, knowing that what is good for women is good for families, good for communities, and good for businesses.   “For me, that was a critical factor is us deciding to support this event.”  JPMorgan Chase will act as the lead sponsor for the event.   “JPMorgan Chase also wants to continue to try to understand what the global practices and barriers are in terms of building wealth and improving financial health for women, and what the leadership, investment and communication strategies may be to continue helping women remain competitive in the global marketplace,” DeMetropolis added.   Sue Henderson said she knew New Jersey City University was the perfect host for such an event given the diversity of Jersey City.   “Within any diverse group, we need to start earlier to empower our children, both male and female, to achieve success and leadership in any industry,” Henderson said. “While there may of course be cultural differences, for women, in particular, we have found across the globe that many do not know exactly how to maneuver within the system and advocate for themselves.   “We want to help change that.”   Rand believes the global connection of this event will help to play a significant part in that change.   “While we typically view issues through an American lens, this event will help us to look at the same issues through the lens of other countries, such as China and India,” she said. “What can we learn from each other?”  Event speakers will include Katty Kay, lead anchor, BBC World News America; Michele Brown, president and CEO of Choose New Jersey; Michellene Davis, executive vice president and chief corporate affairs officer of RWJBarnabas Health; Rebecca Freed, partner, Genova Burns; Michele Siekerka, president and CEO, New Jersey Business and Industry Association; and Alfa Demmellash, co-founder, Rising Tide Capital; among others. Aspiring managers hoping to rise to the C-suite and women entrepreneurs are especially encouraged to attend the event.   For more information, click here. More Breaking Glass • N.J. companies react to Bill O'Reilly allegations • From simple question between friends, Garden State Film Festival has grown into premier event • International Women's Day: No denying the importance of women employees at this bakery Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Meg Fry Follow @MegFry3 Meg Fry writes about women in business, millennials, food and beverage, manufacturing and retail. Meg joined NJBIZ with past production experience in the arts, film and television and continues to write and perform in theaters around the state. You may contact her at megf@njbiz.com. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: Jayne Warne Report: 146K homes needed for fair housing obligations JLL hires retail expert, expands brokerage Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Editorial: Hey, retirees: Stick around and see what N.J. has to offer 2 Grapevine: Christie earns new top distinction 3 Sitex completes two purchases in Totowa 4 Diversified: Morristown businesswoman finds Ivanka Trump 'incredibly engaged' during meeting with Hispanic Chamber group 5 Cosmetics maker gets $9.3M in incentives for Paterson project 1 Industry Insights: Faith? I lost mine last week. (The business decision that's making one man leave the Catholic Church) (3) 2 Editorial: Hey, retirees: Stick around and see what N.J. has to offer (2) 3 Breaking Glass: N.J. companies react to Bill O'Reilly allegations (1) 4 Poll: Christie now 'most unpopular' governor in U.S. (1) 5 Hospitals' suit over OMNIA health plan can continue, Appellate Division says (1) Featured News The lunch lady: Save your silly jokes. And learn how Vidovich makes healthy meals that students actually eat Breaking Glass: 'Womenomics' is focus of upcoming, innovative conference in Jersey City Industry Insights: How to dive head first into your new leadership role Gebroe-Hammer arranges sale in Jersey City South NAI Hanson arranges sale is East Hanover Grapevine: Christie earns new top distinction NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Dish Stock Falls On Auction; Could Internet Partner Surface? REINHARDT KRAUSE 4/17/2017 Reprints Dish Network (DISH) stock slipped as analysts debated whether the satellite broadcaster is less likely to be acquired in the wake of its latest haul of airwave spectrum during last week's government bidding. T-Mobile US (TMUS) bought the most spectrum in an auction of airwaves owned by local TV stations, with Dish Network close behind, the Federal Communications Commission announced on Thursday. A Verizon Communications (VZ) bid for T-Mobile appears less likely, says a JPMorgan report, but Deutsche Bank disagrees. T-Mobile US still looms as a potential Dish partner, say analysts, although T-Mobile parent Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY) may be in no rush to make a deal. T-Mobile spent $8 billion in the TV spectrum auction, followed by Dish at $6.2 billion. Dish added 18 MHz of spectrum, mostly in large cities, and now has cobbled together about 95 MHz of airwaves, potentially for mobile video and wireless broadband services. Philp Cusick, a JPMorgan analyst, said in a report: "A Verizon bid for all of Dish looks even less likely, but (the auction) does set up Dish as a one-stop shop for low-, mid-, and high-band auction were an internet or technology player need that to get into the wireless market, though we find this unlikely." Dish stock plunged 5.8% to 58.79 in the stock market today, below its 50-day moving average and hitting its worst levels since Jan. 31. T-Mobile stock rose 1.4% to 64.94. IBD'S TAKE: T-Mobile stock has gained 12% in 2017 and has neared a buy point of 65.51. T-Mobile has had the highest revenue growth among the top four wireless firms for three years. Learn more at IBD Stock Checkup. The FCC has imposed a quiet period on bidders, banning any strategic talks during the action, which began in March 2016. Telecom companies will be free to engage in strategic talks by early May. "(The auction result) probably doesn't make Dish more attractive to other potential partners, namely Verizon and T-Mobile, although it certainly doesn't eliminate them either," Bryan Kraft, an analyst at Deutsche Bank, said in a note to clients. "Some might argue that this is a sign that a Verizon deal is unlikely, however, we don't think that can really be concluded since Dish and Verizon haven't been able to hold discussions for more than a year due to the auction's anti-collusion rules." Brett Feldman, a Goldman Sachs analyst, said: "(Auction results) will sustain the debate over Dish's strategy for monetizing its licenses, including whether it is more likely to build a network or seek a strategic outcome. Dish has nearly as much spectrum as T-Mobile and Verizon, all of it unused." RELATED: T-Mobile Grabs Most Auction Spectrum; Dish A Surprise No. 2 It's Official: AT&T Wins Pact For FirstNet Public Safety Network Think Your Wireless Carrier Is Planning A Merger? Not So Fast REINHARDT KRAUSE | Facebook | @IBD_RKrause Share this: Related news Straight Up shares surged even more Monday as talk of competing bids for the company circulated. (©Nmedia - Fotolia/stock.adobe.com) Straight Path Stock Jumps; Will Verizon Top AT&T's Big Premium? 4/17/2017 Shares in Straight Path Communications jumped Monday amid speculation Verizon could make a counter-bid to AT&T's $1.25 billion offer. 4/17/2017 Shares in Straight Path Communications jumped Monday amid speculation Verizon... Big Week For Dow Stock Earnings; Netflix Too: Investing Action Plan T-Mobile Grabs Most Auction Spectrum; Dish A Surprise No. 2 Apple, Disney Merger Would Create Limitless Opportunities: Analyst Altice Files IPO Plans That Could Raise $1 Billion, Value At $20 Billion T-Mobile US Sees Its Composite Rating Rise To 96 AT&T Acquires Straight Path, Dish Stock Rises T-Mobile Downgraded; Analyst Jumps Off Merger Bandwagon Comcast Edges Closer To Wireless War, Armed With Unlimited Deals Today's Spotlight Are You Relying on Fake News or Real Data? The SEC is clamping down on content for financial news sites. See how IBD helps you avoid fake news. Don’t Miss The MoneyShow Join IBD investing experts for free workshops at Las Vegas and learn more about IBD products. Stocks Near A Buy Zone Every Monday, Stocks Near A Buy Zone gives you a list of stocks that are near an optimal buy point. More News South Korea To Deploy Lockheed's THAAD Missile Defense System Early Stocks To Buy And Watch: Top IPOs, Big And Small Caps, Growth Stocks See what adding futures can do for your trading strategy. Promoted Content By CME Group Special Report (Shutterstock) Safeguard Your Retirement See how to safeguard and grow your retirement account in the Trump era and beyond. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Jill Biden Added to JPMorgan's Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Jill Biden Added to JPMorgan's Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council By Victoria Craig Published April 17, 2017 Politics FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print Dr. Jill Biden, wife of former Vice President Joe Biden, was added to JPMorgan Chase’s (JPM) Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council, the bank announced on Monday. Continue Reading Below During her tenure as Second Lady of the United States, Biden worked to put a national spotlight on the challenges facing and sacrifices made by military families. Through her work with the Joining Forces initiative with former First Lady Michelle Obama, Biden called on Americans to support military families in communities across the country through a range of employment, education and wellness resources. As a member of JPMorgan’s six- year-old external advisory council, Biden will help guide the bank’s efforts to help military members transition back into civilian life. Biden is a military mother herself, as her stepson, the late Beau Biden, was a veteran of Operation Enduring Freedom in Iraq. “Dr. Biden’s commitment to our veterans is palpable and the experience and foresights she’ll bring to the Advisory Council will be an invaluable addition that will no doubt positively impact the lives of many,” said Matt Zames, JPMorgan’s chief operating officer.  Biden’s appointment comes days after news she and her husband signed a multi-book deal with Flatiron Books. Jill is set to write one book, while the former VP will pen two books – one of which focuses on his decision not to run for president in the 2016 election, and the death of his son Beau. Details of the deal, including titles and release dates, were not made public.   What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Finance Search Search JapanTokyo Is About to Make Room for 45 New Skyscrapers WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: April 18 Electric VehiclesLower Gas Prices Haven’t Stopped People From Wanting to Buy Electric Cars ChinaPaul Manafort Meets with a Chinese Billionaire to Talk U.S. Infrastructure J.P. Morgan J.P. Morgan Enlists the ‘Property Brothers’ to Revive Its Home Loan Business Reuters Apr 17, 2017 After having to stomach $31 billion worth of bitter mortgage settlements with government agencies a few years ago, J.P. Morgan Chase & Co swore off a huge swath of the home loan market. Gone were borrowers with anything much less than pristine credit ratings. The cost of managing delinquent accounts and the threat of huge legal penalties were written off as not worth the risk. Better instead to focus on wealthier customers who wanted jumbo-sized loans that are beyond the reach of government housing finance agencies. But there was a problem: Chase was leaving behind many of its mass market customers who were going to competitors for the conventional and government-guaranteed loans they wanted. Now, the bank’s management team, led by CEO Jamie Dimon, is working fiercely to change course – hoping to not only bring back customers, but influence what could be a reshaping of U.S. mortgage finance policy for the first time in a generation. Customers will soon start seeing signs of this effort. Next month, Chase plans to launch advertising featuring Drew and Jonathan Scott, stars of the popular reality “Property Brothers” shows. In addition to TV spots, the campaign will feature cardboard cutouts of the telegenic twins in Chase branches. Chase is also in the process of boosting its mortgage lending force by 10 percent, upgrading its loan-making software and jazzing up its smartphone app with more mortgage account tools. At the moment, fewer than one in 10 Chase customers with home loans got them directly from Chase, a situation consumer banking chief Gordon Smith recently described as "terrible." Related wealthThis Is How Beyoncé and Jay Z Make Their Billions wealth This Is How Beyoncé and Jay Z Make Their Billions “It is time to go after the opportunity we have with our own customers,” Mike Weinbach, the bank's mortgage chief, said in a recent interview with Reuters. J.P. Morgan is not the only major bank that is restless after having stepped back from the U.S. mortgage market in the aftermath of the housing crisis last decade. At Bank of America, executives say they are no more content with fewer than two in 10 of their customers with mortgage loans having borrowed from their bank. Mortgage companies such as Quicken, Caliber and loanDepot.com scooped up much of the business from battered banks. J.P. Morgan's $31 billion cost of 13 mortgage-related legal settlements was second only to Bank of America’s $71 billion, according to data collected by bank analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Still, J.P. Morgan's mortgage retreat stands out because the bank has used its scale and financial strength to gobble up market share in many other businesses, from credit cards and deposit-taking to commercial lending and Wall Street banking. In backing away, J.P. Morgan saw its market share of conventional mortgages that are small enough to be resold to government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs) Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac fall by half, according to data from Inside Mortgage Finance. Its share of all mortgage loans made directly by lenders fell to 2.8 percent last year from 12.6 percent in 2011. Logically, it should be close to Chase's 8.3 percent of share of retail deposits, said Guy Cecala, CEO of Inside Mortgage Finance. Jumbo Misses Chase opted to go after better-off borrowers who took out so-called jumbo loans in excess of the Fannie and Freddie limit, which then was $417,000 in most parts of the United States. Last year, jumbos were 49 percent of all loans Chase made, up from 14 percent in 2013. But jumbos account for only 18 percent of U.S. mortgages. By turning from bigger parts of the market, J.P. Morgan was hurting its wider consumer franchise. That could be costly if it persists. Customers without Chase mortgages are twice as likely to leave as those who have them from the bank, Weinbach said. And, checking and savings account customers who get their home loans from Chase tend to add to their deposits. Management’s effort to swing back may already be bearing some fruit. J.P. Morgan said on Thursday that it made $9 billion of home loans directly to customers in the first quarter, 3 percent more than in the same period a year earlier. Chase’s shift comes amid crosscurrents in the mortgage market. The latest wave of loans for refinancing is abating as interest rates rise. That has reduced revenue across the industry. But bank executives also see other conditions improving. Federal housing agencies have been loosening policies to help middle America get access to more credit. The millennial generation has also begun reaching the nesting age, leading to a new crop of home buyers. The GSEs have already adjusted some rules to be less financially threatening to lenders. For instance, they dropped a demand that banks take back loans that default after three years unless there has been fraud. Dimon sees a chance to get more relief from the government. This month he used four pages of his annual letter to shareholders to outline more changes he wants to see. He expressed particular concern about a bank’s costs and liability when loans it underwrites default. Current rules have made lenders so cautious that they have not funded an additional $300 billion to $500 billion of loans for home purchases in each of the last five years, J.P. Morgan analysts estimate. The cost to the economy, they believe, has been one third of a percentage point of annual growth. “If that number is right, shame on us,” Dimon told reporters on the bank's post-earnings conference call on Thursday. “We should have done something about that. And, it can be done very quickly.” Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/BL-FUNDSB-23414 Focus on Funds Bank Stocks Rising, A Little By Crystal Kim April 17, 2017 12:22 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Financial stocks are seeing a modest lift -- a welcome development given Thursday's dip as big banks JPMorgan (JPM), Wells Fargo (WFC), and Citigroup (C) delivered less-than-perfect results. The SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) has gained 0.89%, while the Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLF) has gained 0.94%. Wells Fargo is seeing the biggest gains of the three banks, helping XLF. The ETF has an 8.4% weighting in the stock. This morning the lender said that the State of Nevada extended its banking agreement with them until 2021. This is a positive development considering several states cut ties with the bank following its sales scandal. However, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods analyst Brian Kleinhanzl lowered his price target by a dollar to $62. Kleinhanzl explains: Wells met our estimate this quarter, but the margin matters most and Wells’ margin missed our estimate by a country mile. The end result is we are lowering estimates and our price target, but we still expect WFC to remix the balance sheet, thus margin expansion remains a matter of when and not if, in our view. We reiterate our Outperform rating on shares of Wells Fargo. ...We believe WFC will see margin increases that are above average peer levels, thus boosting returns and allowing WFC to outperform now that the impact of the scandal is fading. Historically, WFC has traded at a premium to Universal Bank peers and our price target reflects WFC returning to the recent premium versus peers. Shares of Wells Fargo currently trade at 11.2 times our 2018 EPS estimate and this is above the median Universal Bank (10.8x). The analyst lowered earnings estimates for 2017, 2018, and 2019 to $4.12, $4.25, and $4.60, respectively, from $4.65, $5.00 and $5.05. Text Size Regular Medium Large CITIGROUP FINANCIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR ETF JPMORGAN SPDR S&P BANK ETF WELLS FARGO Most Popular A Bull Play on Bank of America’s Earnings As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Why an Apple Car is Most Likely a Fantasy Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cineworld Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cineworld Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cineworld Group plc (CINE) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Analysts Anticipate Air Methods Corp (AIRM) to Post $0.31 Earnings Per Share -$0.58 EPS Expected for Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) This Quarter $0.08 Earnings Per Share Expected for Cubic Co. (CUB) This Quarter Owens Corning (OC) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy YPF SA’s (YPF) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Receives Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Regal Entertainment Group’s (RGC) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Benchmark Co. PPG Industries’ (PPG) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc Titan International’s (TWI) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Intuitive Surgical (ISRG) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Garmin (GRMN) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Masco Corp (MAS) Given Buy Rating at Instinet Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) Receives “Outperform” Rating from William Blair Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (TARO) Raised to B at TheStreet Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd. Raises Position in Nokia Oyj (NOK) TheStreet Lowers IRIDEX Co. (IRIX) to D+ Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Harvest Capital Management Inc Has $2.286 Million Stake in Goldman Sachs BDC Inc (GSBD) Cineworld Group plc (CINE) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of Cineworld Group plc (LON: CINE) recently: 4/12/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 675 ($8.38) price target on the stock. 4/10/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a GBX 785 ($9.75) price target on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 720 ($8.94) to GBX 750 ($9.31). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 720 ($8.94) price target on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 720 ($8.94) price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at Canaccord Genuity from GBX 550 ($6.83) to GBX 630 ($7.82). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a GBX 720 ($8.94) price target on the stock. 3/10/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 700 ($8.69) to GBX 720 ($8.94). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 3/9/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its “add” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 675 ($8.38) price target on the stock. 3/9/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at N+1 Singer. They now have a GBX 650 ($8.07) price target on the stock. 3/9/2017 – Cineworld Group plc was downgraded by analysts at Numis Securities Ltd to a “hold” rating. They now have a GBX 660 ($8.20) price target on the stock. 3/3/2017 – Cineworld Group plc had its price target raised by analysts at Peel Hunt from GBX 650 ($8.07) to GBX 675 ($8.38). They now have an “add” rating on the stock. Cineworld Group plc (LON:CINE) traded up 0.385412% during trading on Monday, hitting GBX 674.589966. 393,203 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 650.32 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 592.58. Cineworld Group plc has a 12 month low of GBX 496.53 and a 12 month high of GBX 679.50. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 22nd. Investors of record on Thursday, May 25th will be issued a dividend of GBX 13.80 ($0.17) per share. This represents a yield of 2.13%. This is an increase from Cineworld Group plc’s previous dividend of $5.20. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. Cineworld Group plc is a United Kingdom-based international cinema chain. The Company operates in approximately nine countries. The Company operates through two segments: UK and Ireland, and Central and Eastern Europe and Israel (CEE & I). The Company has approximately 220 cinemas with over 2,010 screens. Receive News & Ratings for Cineworld Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cineworld Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Continental Building Products Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental Building Products Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Skylands Capital LLC Acquires 1,300 Shares of Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Skylands Capital LLC Raises Stake in Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Stake Raised by Skylands Capital LLC Simon Property Group (SPG) Earns News Impact Score of 0.56 O2Micro International Limited (OIIM) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.56 Knight Transportation’s (KNX) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Juniper Pharmaceuticals Inc (JNP) Upgraded to C by TheStreet Invuity, Inc. (IVTY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Domtar Corp’s (UFS) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc Access National Co. (ANCX) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Sandler O’Neill Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Carpenter Technology Co. (CRS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Mplx Lp (MPLX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Shares Bought by Skylands Capital LLC Arvest Bank Trust Division Has $11.171 Million Position in Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) AMERCO (UHAL) Stake Reduced by Skylands Capital LLC Fiserv Inc (FISV) is Arvest Bank Trust Division’s 8th Largest Position Skylands Capital LLC Raises Stake in Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Skylands Capital LLC boosted its position in Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) by 11.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 332,450 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 32,900 shares during the period. Continental Building Products makes up approximately 1.1% of Skylands Capital LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 22nd largest position. Skylands Capital LLC owned approximately 0.83% of Continental Building Products worth $8,145,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CBPX. Stevens Capital Management LP bought a new position in shares of Continental Building Products during the third quarter valued at approximately $252,000. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Continental Building Products by 18.6% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 283,673 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,954,000 after buying an additional 44,485 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of Continental Building Products by 32.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 33,450 shares of the company’s stock valued at $702,000 after buying an additional 8,286 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Continental Building Products by 7.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 259,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,449,000 after buying an additional 17,711 shares during the period. Finally, Sei Investments Co. increased its position in shares of Continental Building Products by 0.8% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 6,576 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 55 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 95.35% of the company’s stock. Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX) traded up 0.42% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $24.00. The stock had a trading volume of 25,260 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $24.98 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.90. The firm has a market capitalization of $956.57 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.22 and a beta of 1.31. Continental Building Products Inc has a 1-year low of $18.35 and a 1-year high of $26.52. Continental Building Products (NYSE:CBPX) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.32 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $118.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.76 million. Continental Building Products had a return on equity of 15.21% and a net margin of 9.27%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 7.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.25 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Continental Building Products Inc will post $1.32 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/skylands-capital-llc-raises-stake-in-continental-building-products-inc-cbpx.html. CBPX has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Continental Building Products from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $27.00 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, February 27th. Barclays PLC initiated coverage on Continental Building Products in a report on Thursday, January 5th. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $25.00 price target on the stock. Finally, TheStreet downgraded Continental Building Products from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Continental Building Products currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $24.50. In other Continental Building Products news, VP Isabelle Shiffrin sold 3,104 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.80, for a total value of $80,083.20. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 9,288 shares in the company, valued at approximately $239,630.40. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.20% of the company’s stock. Continental Building Products Company Profile Continental Building Products, Inc is a manufacturer of gypsum wallboard and complementary finishing products. The Company operates through wallboard segment. Gypsum wallboard is a primary building material used in residential and commercial construction and in repair and remodel (R&R). It offers customers a range of gypsum wallboard products, including LiftLite, its lightweight product designed to lift and install; its Mold Defense line of products designed for protection against mold and mildew, and its Weather Defense line of moisture and mold-resistant exterior sheathing. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CBPX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Continental Building Products Inc (NYSE:CBPX). Receive News & Ratings for Continental Building Products Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental Building Products Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Gorsuch's SCOTUS Debut Offers Clues to Demeanor Tony Mauro The National Law Journal CONTINUE Facial Recognition Technology Used in Jury Consulting Gabrielle Orum Hernández Legaltech News Led by Mark Lanier, Tort Reform Foes Fete Republican Senator in Houston Miriam Rozen Texas Lawyer Dean's Accuser Calls Berkeley Harassment Settlement an 'Insult' Ben Hancock The Recorder Gloria Allred Is a Paradox Randy Maniloff Law.Com Billing and Fees: The Trends, the Feuds and the Future › In-Depth Analysis With Hourly Rates Rising, Report Shows Spotty Record for GC's Cost-Constraint Tactics By Roy Strom|The AmLaw Daily In-Depth Analysis Ailing Energy Industry Still Pumping Bankruptcy Fees Into Big Law Expert Opinion 5 Fundamentals of Collecting Fees Susman Godfrey Retreats From Contingency Model, Looks to Oil and Gas Clients Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Electronic Frontier Foundation Seeks to Shield ‘Stupid Patent’ Blog Scott Graham The Recorder Six Partners to Leave Freshfields This Month as Part of Finance Restructuring James Booth Legal Week 4th Circuit Mulls Livestreaming Travel Ban Hearing COGAN SCHNEIER The National Law Journal Berkeley Law, Ex-Dean Settle Suits Over Alleged Sexual Harassment Ben Hancock The Recorder Delaware Court Blocks Theranos Tender Offer Ahead of Fraud Trial Tom McParland Delaware Business Court Insider For Trump U Plaintiffs Lawyers, Unusual Path to 'Extraordinary' $25M Settlement Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily SCOTUS Takes Up Key Timing Question in Securities Suits Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal Popular     Judges Know What 'All Due Respect' Really Means—And Other Tips From the Bench Dean's Accuser Calls Berkeley Harassment Settlement an 'Insult' Six Partners to Leave Freshfields This Month as Part of Finance Restructuring Heller Ehrman Ruling Shows Perils for 'In-Between' Partners With Full Bench, SCOTUS Resumes Skepticism Toward Class Actions PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Anand Agneshwar MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS One step closer to Australian data breach class actions The Privacy Amendment (Notifiable Data Breaches) Act 2016 (Cth) proposes a number of amendments to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) that could act as a trigger for Australian class actions in the data breach space. Download Banking Disputes Quarterly: Q1 2017 DLA Piper’s Banking Disputes Quarterly is designed to keep you up to date with the latest news and legal developments and to inform you about future developments. Download English LPs Upgraded: The Private Fund Limited Partnership This briefing looks at the introduction of the ‘private fund limited partnership', which seeks to modernise the regime that has existed for more than a century under the LPA 1907. Download What do the SEC’s recent Bitcoin disapproval orders really mean for investors? US regulators responded to a narrow question about trading bitcoin-based securities, with orders that should not limit innovation in bitcoin technologies. Download Taking the cleaner to the cleaners: statutory liability for pollutant spills post-Midwest The plaintiff’s losses stemmed from the historical and continuing migration of dry cleaning chemicals from the defendant corporation’s nearby dry cleaning operation to the plaintiff’s lands. Download Court of Appeal clarifies test for setting aside judgment for fraud The Court of Appeal has clarified the test that must be met when seeking to set aside a judgment on the grounds that it was obtained by fraud: Takhar v Gracefield Developments Ltd and others [2017] EWCA Civ 147. Download FDA authorizes first direct-to-consumer genetic test panel for predisposition to Alzheimer's disease and other serious disorders The FDA has announced its decision to grant a de novo application submitted by 23andMe for the company's direct-to-consumer Personal Genome Service Genetic Health Risk tests. Download Anti-money laundering bulletin - Spring 2017 DLA Piper’s Financial Services Regulatory team brings you the Spring 2017 edition of its Anti-Money Laundering Bulletin. Download France becomes an attractive forum for antitrust follow-on damages claims Companies often associate competition rules with public enforcement. However, competition law can also be a source of compensation. Download Business rates: landmark ruling on rating liability and repair works The Supreme Court has ruled on the extent of a ratepayer's liability to pay business rates for a property undergoing building works. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Graco Inc. (GGG) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Upgrades RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) to Buy SL Green Realty Corp (SLG) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Heico Corp (HEI) Coverage Initiated at Stephens Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC Initiates Coverage on Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Huntsman Co. (HUN) Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Stake Maintained by Searle & CO. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Raises Stake in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Stake Cut by Teachers Advisors LLC Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. Has $122,000 Position in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Kentucky Retirement Systems Invests $16.205 Million in Bank of America Corp (BAC) First American Financial Corp (FAF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Hold Rating for Entergy Co. (ETR) Cowen and Company Reaffirms Buy Rating for Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG Boosts Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Price Target to $74.00 Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada reissued their buy rating on shares of Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) in a research note published on Tuesday morning. They currently have a $245.00 target price on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Roper Technologies from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $219.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Argus raised shares of Roper Technologies from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $235.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Barclays PLC reissued a buy rating and set a $221.00 price target on shares of Roper Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. raised shares of Roper Technologies from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised shares of Roper Technologies to an outperform rating and set a $225.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $214.56. Shares of Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) opened at 205.01 on Tuesday. Roper Technologies has a 12-month low of $159.28 and a 12-month high of $214.44. The company has a market cap of $20.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.88 and a beta of 0.87. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $209.18 and a 200-day moving average of $190.60. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $1.86 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.84 by $0.02. Roper Technologies had a net margin of 17.38% and a return on equity of 11.97%. The company had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.01 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.82 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Roper Technologies will post $9.09 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Roper Technologies Inc (ROP)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/royal-bank-of-canada-reiterates-buy-rating-for-roper-technologies-inc-rop.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 21st. Investors of record on Friday, April 7th will be issued a dividend of $0.35 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.68%. Roper Technologies’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 21.77%. In related news, Director Christopher Wright sold 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $214.26, for a total transaction of $535,650.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 63,904 shares in the company, valued at $13,692,071.04. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Company insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Creative Planning increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 126.2% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 647 shares of the company’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 361 shares during the period. TLP Group LLC bought a new stake in Roper Technologies during the third quarter worth about $127,000. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 16.7% in the fourth quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 699 shares of the company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 4.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 732 shares of the company’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 29 shares during the period. Finally, Trust Co bought a new stake in Roper Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $206,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 97.47% of the company’s stock. Roper Technologies Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Walt Disney Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Bank AG Boosts Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Price Target to $74.00 Walt Disney Co (DIS) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Simmons First National Co. (SFNC) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Textron Inc. (TXT) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $19.312 Million Position in Workday Inc (WDAY) Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Norges Bank Invests $14.987 Million in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) 7,866 Shares in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Acquired by RMB Capital Management LLC Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL Increases Position in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Norges Bank Takes Position in Greif, Inc. (GEF) Advantage Investment Management LLC Buys Shares of 19,931 Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Norges Bank Invests $15.801 Million in Cellcom Israel Ltd. (CEL) Sparton Co. (SPA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) to Sell S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Stephens Lowers Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) to Equal Weight Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Sunoco LP (SUN) Price Target Raised to $29.00 Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) PT Set at $28.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Fortaleza Asset Management Inc. Has $711,000 Position in Home Depot Inc (HD) Walt Disney Co (DIS) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their overweight rating on shares of Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) in a report published on Tuesday. They currently have a $124.00 price objective on the entertainment giant’s stock. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Instinet raised their target price on shares of Walt Disney to $125.00 in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Loop Capital reissued a buy rating and issued a $113.00 target price on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Friday, December 16th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $115.00 target price on shares of Walt Disney and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Vetr raised shares of Walt Disney from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $112.99 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Walt Disney from a neutral rating to a buy rating and raised their target price for the company from $109.00 to $134.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and twenty have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $116.38. Shares of Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) opened at 113.20 on Tuesday. The company has a market capitalization of $179.00 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.43 and a beta of 1.25. Walt Disney has a 1-year low of $90.32 and a 1-year high of $114.25. The company’s 50 day moving average is $111.91 and its 200-day moving average is $103.93. Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The entertainment giant reported $1.55 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.48 by $0.07. Walt Disney had a net margin of 16.29% and a return on equity of 19.43%. The firm had revenue of $14.78 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $15.30 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.63 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 3.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Walt Disney will post $5.95 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Walt Disney Co (DIS) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/walt-disney-co-dis-earns-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other Walt Disney news, EVP Brent Woodford sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.50, for a total transaction of $221,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 27,745 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,065,822.50. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 13.00% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Weybosset Research & Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Walt Disney by 0.3% in the third quarter. Weybosset Research & Management LLC now owns 3,013 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $280,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the period. Community Bank & Trust Waco Texas raised its stake in shares of Walt Disney by 0.3% in the third quarter. Community Bank & Trust Waco Texas now owns 3,551 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $330,000 after buying an additional 12 shares during the period. Alpha Windward LLC raised its stake in shares of Walt Disney by 0.6% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 2,695 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $250,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the period. HM Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Walt Disney by 0.6% in the third quarter. HM Capital Management LLC now owns 2,676 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $248,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the period. Finally, Summit Financial Strategies Inc. raised its stake in shares of Walt Disney by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Summit Financial Strategies Inc. now owns 2,173 shares of the entertainment giant’s stock worth $226,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 58.65% of the company’s stock. Walt Disney Company Profile The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment company. The Company operates in four business segments: Media Networks, Parks and Resorts, Studio Entertainment, and Consumer Products & Interactive Media. The media networks segment includes cable and broadcast television networks, television production and distribution operations, domestic television stations, and radio networks and stations. Receive News & Ratings for Walt Disney Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Asante Solutions Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Asante Solutions Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Fiera Capital Corp Boosts Stake in General Electric Company (GE) Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Earns Buy Rating from Maxim Group Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Electrocomponents plc (ECM) Renaissance Technologies LLC Purchases 112,101 Shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) Perion Network Ltd (PERI) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $2.408 Million Position in Internap Corp (INAP) Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Shares Bought by Continental Advisors LLC Ativo Capital Management LLC Has $1,483,000 Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $2.356 Million Position in Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) Global Partners LP (GLP) Stake Cut by Renaissance Technologies LLC Cineworld Group plc’s (CINE) Add Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt HNI Corp (HNI) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Avesoro Resources’ (ASO) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Augean plc’s (AUG) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at N+1 Singer JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises De La Rue plc (DLAR) Price Target to GBX 700 142,118 Shares in Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (VIVO) Acquired by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Has $2.647 Million Position in Diplomat Pharmacy Inc (DPLO) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Position in Zillow Group, Inc. (Z) Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Asante Solutions Inc (NASDAQ:PUMP) in a research note released on Tuesday morning. The firm issued an overweight rating and a $20.00 target price on the stock. PUMP has been the topic of a number of other reports. Royal Bank of Canada began coverage on Asante Solutions in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued an outperform rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc began coverage on Asante Solutions in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a buy rating on the stock. Finally, Barclays PLC began coverage on Asante Solutions in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued an overweight rating and a $18.00 price objective on the stock. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $18.86. Asante Solutions (NASDAQ:PUMP) opened at 14.50 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $13.78 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.78. The company’s market capitalization is $763.09 million. Asante Solutions has a 1-year low of $12.26 and a 1-year high of $15.30. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/asante-solutions-inc-pump-receives-new-coverage-from-analysts-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, CEO Dale Jackie Redman sold 370,370 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $14.00, for a total transaction of $5,185,180.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 167,870 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,350,180. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Spencer D. Armour III sold 81,106 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $14.00, for a total value of $1,135,484.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 14,476,436 shares of company stock worth $202,670,104 over the last three months. About Asante Solutions Asante Solutions, Inc is a medical device company. The Company is a manufacturer of Asante Snap Insulin Pump System (Snap system), which is a pump featuring a modular design with pre-filled insulin cartridges and disposable pump bodies, utilized in combination with a controller. The Snap system comprises four components: the Snap system controller, a disposable pump body, disposable pre-filled insulin cartridges and disposable infusion sets. Receive News & Ratings for Asante Solutions Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Asante Solutions Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rent-A-Center Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rent-A-Center Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $372,000 Stake in Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Fiera Capital Corp Boosts Stake in General Electric Company (GE) Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Earns Buy Rating from Maxim Group Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Electrocomponents plc (ECM) Renaissance Technologies LLC Purchases 112,101 Shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) Perion Network Ltd (PERI) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $2.408 Million Position in Internap Corp (INAP) Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Shares Bought by Continental Advisors LLC Ativo Capital Management LLC Has $1,483,000 Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $2.356 Million Position in Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) Global Partners LP (GLP) Stake Cut by Renaissance Technologies LLC Cineworld Group plc’s (CINE) Add Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt HNI Corp (HNI) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Avesoro Resources’ (ASO) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Augean plc’s (AUG) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at N+1 Singer JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises De La Rue plc (DLAR) Price Target to GBX 700 Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $372,000 Stake in Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY decreased its position in shares of Rent-A-Center Inc (NASDAQ:RCII) by 19.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 33,058 shares of the company’s stock after selling 8,238 shares during the period. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s holdings in Rent-A-Center were worth $372,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of RCII. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Rent-A-Center by 8.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,711,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $46,913,000 after buying an additional 291,330 shares during the last quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC raised its position in shares of Rent-A-Center by 682.2% in the fourth quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC now owns 2,956,302 shares of the company’s stock worth $33,258,000 after buying an additional 2,578,360 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Rent-A-Center by 636.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,929,963 shares of the company’s stock worth $24,394,000 after buying an additional 1,667,921 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Rent-A-Center by 8.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,593,327 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,927,000 after buying an additional 128,770 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Brandes Investment Partners LP raised its position in shares of Rent-A-Center by 2.5% in the third quarter. Brandes Investment Partners LP now owns 1,467,550 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,550,000 after buying an additional 35,724 shares during the last quarter. 96.78% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Rent-A-Center Inc (NASDAQ:RCII) opened at 10.56 on Monday. Rent-A-Center Inc has a 1-year low of $7.76 and a 1-year high of $15.94. The company’s market capitalization is $561.75 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $9.17 and its 200 day moving average price is $10.19. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 20th. Stockholders of record on Monday, April 3rd will be paid a $0.08 dividend. This represents a $0.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.03%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 30th. Rent-A-Center’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -1.95%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $372,000 Stake in Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/metropolitan-life-insurance-co-ny-has-372000-stake-in-rent-a-center-inc-rcii.html. RCII has been the subject of a number of research reports. Stephens initiated coverage on Rent-A-Center in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. They set an “equal weight” rating for the company. Northcoast Research raised Rent-A-Center from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $9.00 price target (down from $11.00) on shares of Rent-A-Center in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Zacks Investment Research raised Rent-A-Center from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott initiated coverage on Rent-A-Center in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. They set a “buy” rating and a $12.00 price target for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $13.33. In other news, Chairman Mark E. Speese bought 100,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The stock was bought at an average price of $8.45 per share, for a total transaction of $845,000.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the chairman now owns 744,627 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,292,098.15. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Mark E. Denman bought 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $8.70 per share, with a total value of $43,500.00. Following the purchase, the executive vice president now directly owns 21,162 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $184,109.40. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders bought 1,805,233 shares of company stock valued at $15,593,865 in the last quarter. 3.40% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Rent-A-Center Company Profile Rent-A-Center, Inc is a rent-to-own operator in North America. The Company provides an opportunity to obtain ownership of products, such as consumer electronics, appliances, computers (including tablets), smartphones and furniture (including accessories), under rental purchase agreements. The Company operates in four segments: Core U.S., Acceptance Now, Mexico and Franchising. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RCII? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rent-A-Center Inc (NASDAQ:RCII). Receive News & Ratings for Rent-A-Center Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rent-A-Center Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance De La Rue plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for De La Rue plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cineworld Group plc’s (CINE) Add Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt HNI Corp (HNI) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Avesoro Resources’ (ASO) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Augean plc’s (AUG) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at N+1 Singer JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises De La Rue plc (DLAR) Price Target to GBX 700 142,118 Shares in Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (VIVO) Acquired by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Has $2.647 Million Position in Diplomat Pharmacy Inc (DPLO) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Increases Position in Zillow Group, Inc. (Z) Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Northrim BanCorp, Inc. (NRIM) Stake Increased by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Boosts Stake in Forestar Group Inc. (FOR) B2Gold Corp (BTG) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research CDW Corp (CDW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Russell Investments Group Ltd. Purchases Shares of 24,138 istar Inc (STAR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Buys Shares of 6,347 Nutraceutical Int'l Corp. (NUTR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Maintains Stake in Zoe's Kitchen Inc (ZOES) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $231,000 Stake in Vera Bradley, Inc. (VRA) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Buys New Stake in FairPoint Communications Inc (FRP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) to Sell JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises De La Rue plc (DLAR) Price Target to GBX 700 April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet De La Rue plc (LON:DLAR) had its price objective increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 670 ($8.32) to GBX 700 ($8.69) in a report released on Wednesday morning. They currently have a neutral rating on the stock. Separately, Numis Securities Ltd restated an add rating and set a GBX 671 ($8.33) price objective on shares of De La Rue plc in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Shares of De La Rue plc (LON:DLAR) opened at 671.00 on Wednesday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 680.81 million. De La Rue plc has a 52 week low of GBX 458.34 and a 52 week high of GBX 679.50. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 628.88 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 602.73. WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises De La Rue plc (DLAR) Price Target to GBX 700” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-de-la-rue-plc-dlar-price-target-to-gbx-700.html. In other De La Rue plc news, insider Martin Sutherland sold 10,028 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 626 ($7.77), for a total transaction of £62,775.28 ($77,952.66). De La Rue plc Company Profile De La Rue plc designs, manufactures and delivers banknotes to customers across the world. The Company’s segments include Currency, Identity Solutions, and Product Authentication and Traceability. The Currency segment provides printed banknotes, banknote paper and polymer substrates and banknote security components. Receive News & Ratings for De La Rue plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for De La Rue plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Navient Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give Navient Corp (NAVI) a $20.00 Price Target BlackBerry Ltd (BB) PT Raised to C$12.50 Denison Mines Corp (DML) Now Covered by CSFB Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest GNC Holdings Inc (GNC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Wincanton plc (WIN) Research Coverage Started at Canaccord Genuity Worldpay Group PLC (WPG) Receives Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Siemens AG (SIE) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €78.00 Price Target for Daimler AG (DAI) SAP SE (SAP) Given a €95.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €152.00 Price Target FBR & Co Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) International Speedway Corp (ISCA) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Endologix, Inc. (ELGX) Earns “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Glaukos Corp (GKOS) Receives “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets First Community Co. (FCCO) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Receives Buy Rating from BMO Capital Markets Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Barclays PLC Analysts Give Navient Corp (NAVI) a $20.00 Price Target April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC set a $20.00 price objective on Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) in a report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Navient Corp from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $19.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Navient Corp from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Navient Corp from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and dropped their price objective for the stock from $18.50 to $18.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Wedbush started coverage on Navient Corp in a report on Monday, January 30th. They set a neutral rating and a $16.50 price objective on the stock. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $20.00 price objective on Navient Corp and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $17.32. Shares of Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) opened at 14.68 on Wednesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.27 billion, a P/E ratio of 6.92 and a beta of 2.57. Navient Corp has a 12-month low of $11.01 and a 12-month high of $17.95. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $14.68 and a 200 day moving average price of $15.35. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $378 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $365.50 million. Navient Corp had a return on equity of 15.65% and a net margin of 13.72%. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.49 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that Navient Corp will post $1.82 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/barclays-plc-analysts-give-navient-corp-navi-a-20-00-price-target.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be issued a $0.16 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.36%. Navient Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 30.19%. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Atria Investments LLC increased its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 72.8% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 169,350 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,500,000 after buying an additional 71,366 shares during the period. Visionary Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 3.2% in the first quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. now owns 230,571 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,403,000 after buying an additional 7,149 shares during the period. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd increased its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 1.1% in the first quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 95,411 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,408,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services purchased a new stake in shares of Navient Corp during the first quarter worth $2,014,000. Finally, Contravisory Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 34.1% in the first quarter. Contravisory Investment Management Inc. now owns 14,950 shares of the company’s stock worth $221,000 after buying an additional 3,801 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.89% of the company’s stock. Navient Corp Company Profile Navient Corporation provides asset management and business processing services to education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state and local levels. The Company holds the portfolio of education loans insured or federally guaranteed under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP). Receive News & Ratings for Navient Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Siemens AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Siemens AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Siemens AG (SIE) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €78.00 Price Target for Daimler AG (DAI) SAP SE (SAP) Given a €95.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Linde AG (LIN) a €152.00 Price Target FBR & Co Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) International Speedway Corp (ISCA) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Endologix, Inc. (ELGX) Earns “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Glaukos Corp (GKOS) Receives “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets First Community Co. (FCCO) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday NuVasive, Inc. (NUVA) Receives Buy Rating from BMO Capital Markets Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) a €225.00 Price Target Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) to Sell CSFB Initiates Coverage on Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$30.00 Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$33.00 at TD Securities JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Siemens AG (SIE) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their neutral rating on shares of Siemens AG (FRA:SIE) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. A number of other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. HSBC Holdings plc set a €140.00 ($148.94) price target on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Morgan Stanley set a €113.00 ($120.21) price target on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Independent Research GmbH set a €133.00 ($141.49) price target on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €126.00 ($134.04) price target on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €125.00 ($132.98) price target on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, March 30th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Siemens AG has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of €127.05 ($135.16). Shares of Siemens AG (FRA:SIE) opened at 126.516 on Wednesday. Siemens AG has a 52-week low of €86.85 and a 52-week high of €129.55. The company has a market capitalization of €102.36 billion and a PE ratio of 17.817. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €125.07 and its 200 day moving average price is €115.14. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Siemens AG (SIE)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-neutral-rating-for-siemens-ag-sie.html. About Siemens AG Siemens AG is an integrated technology company with activities in the fields of industry, energy and healthcare. Siemens operates in six segments: Industry, Energy, Healthcare, Equity Investments, Siemens IT Solutions and Services and Siemens Financial Services (SFS). Industry, Energy and Healthcare are reported along with 14 divisions, which comprise the divisions, Industry Automation, Drive Technologies, Building Technologies, OSRAM, Industry Solutions and Mobility, belonging to the Industry Sector, the Divisions, Fossil Power Generation, Renewable Energy, Oil and Gas, Power Transmission and Power Distribution, belonging to the Energy Sector and the Divisions, Imaging and Information Technology (IT), Workflow and Solutions and Diagnostics, belonging to the Healthcare Sector. Receive News & Ratings for Siemens AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Siemens AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pagegroup PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Meggitt plc (MGGT) Upgraded by Bank of America Corp to “Buy” Judges Scientific PLC (JDG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Norcros plc’s (NXR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BancFirst Co. (BANF) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday CYS Investments Inc (CYS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Unilever plc (ULVR) a GBX 3,240 Price Target Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Given New GBX 120 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG TT Electronics plc (TTG) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Louisiana-Pacific Co. (LPX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Manning and Napier Inc (MN) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research LEGRAND SA EUR4 (LGRVF) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Investors Buy Shares of Hess Corp. (HES) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Short Interest in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Increases By 54.8% Capstone Mining Corp (CS) Research Coverage Started at CSFB Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital reiterated their buy rating on shares of Pagegroup PLC (LON:PAGE) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday morning. Liberum Capital currently has a GBX 415 ($5.22) target price on the stock. PAGE has been the subject of several other reports. Barclays PLC reiterated an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 410 ($5.16) price target on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research report on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 320 ($4.03) to GBX 360 ($4.53) and gave the company an underweight rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. HSBC Holdings plc lifted their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 440 ($5.54) to GBX 490 ($6.17) and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a hold rating and issued a GBX 400 ($5.03) price target (up from GBX 350 ($4.41)) on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 335 ($4.22) to GBX 395 ($4.97) and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Pagegroup PLC currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 399.91 ($5.03). Pagegroup PLC (LON:PAGE) opened at 491.4962 on Wednesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.53 billion. Pagegroup PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 156.30 and a 52-week high of GBX 494.50. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 433.32 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 400.93. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/pagegroup-plcs-page-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-liberum-capital.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be given a dividend of GBX 8.23 ($0.10) per share. This represents a yield of 1.92%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. Pagegroup PLC Company Profile PageGroup plc, formerly Michael Page International plc, is engaged in the recruitment consultancy and other ancillary services. The Company’s segments include EMEA, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific and Americas. The Company is organized into approximately three brands operating at various levels of the market: Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Executive. Receive News & Ratings for Pagegroup PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pagegroup PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Meggitt plc (MGGT) Upgraded by Bank of America Corp to “Buy” Judges Scientific PLC (JDG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Norcros plc’s (NXR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BancFirst Co. (BANF) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday CYS Investments Inc (CYS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Unilever plc (ULVR) a GBX 3,240 Price Target Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Given New GBX 120 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG TT Electronics plc (TTG) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Louisiana-Pacific Co. (LPX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Manning and Napier Inc (MN) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research LEGRAND SA EUR4 (LGRVF) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Investors Buy Shares of Hess Corp. (HES) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Short Interest in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Increases By 54.8% Capstone Mining Corp (CS) Research Coverage Started at CSFB Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital reiterated their buy rating on shares of Pagegroup PLC (LON:MPI) in a research note published on Wednesday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Liberum Capital currently has a GBX 415 ($5.22) target price on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently commented on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a GBX 410 ($5.16) price target on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 490 ($6.17) price target on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Royal Bank of Canada upped their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 400 ($5.03) to GBX 430 ($5.41) and gave the company a sector performer rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.54) price target on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 360 ($4.53) to GBX 390 ($4.91) and gave the company an underweight rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 422.27 ($5.31). WARNING: “Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/liberum-capital-reiterates-buy-rating-for-pagegroup-plc-mpi.html. About Pagegroup PLC PageGroup plc, formerly Michael Page International plc, is engaged in the recruitment consultancy and other ancillary services. The Company’s segments include EMEA, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific and Americas. The Company is organized into approximately three brands operating at various levels of the market: Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Executive. Receive News & Ratings for Pagegroup PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Meggitt plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Meggitt plc (MGGT) Upgraded by Bank of America Corp to “Buy” Judges Scientific PLC (JDG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Norcros plc’s (NXR) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Pagegroup PLC’s (PAGE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BancFirst Co. (BANF) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday CYS Investments Inc (CYS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Unilever plc (ULVR) a GBX 3,240 Price Target Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Given New GBX 120 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG TT Electronics plc (TTG) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Louisiana-Pacific Co. (LPX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Manning and Napier Inc (MN) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research LEGRAND SA EUR4 (LGRVF) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Investors Buy Shares of Hess Corp. (HES) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Short Interest in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Increases By 54.8% Capstone Mining Corp (CS) Research Coverage Started at CSFB Meggitt plc (MGGT) Upgraded by Bank of America Corp to “Buy” April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) to a buy rating in a research note released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has GBX 530 ($6.67) target price on the stock. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on MGGT. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on Meggitt plc from GBX 465 ($5.85) to GBX 470 ($5.92) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Liberum Capital downgraded Meggitt plc to a sell rating and lifted their target price for the stock from GBX 390 ($4.91) to GBX 400 ($5.03) in a report on Friday, January 20th. Panmure Gordon reiterated a sell rating and issued a GBX 325 ($4.09) target price on shares of Meggitt plc in a report on Monday, December 19th. Berenberg Bank lifted their target price on Meggitt plc from GBX 440 ($5.54) to GBX 490 ($6.17) and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reiterated a sell rating and issued a GBX 370 ($4.66) target price on shares of Meggitt plc in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 451 ($5.68). Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) opened at 457.263 on Wednesday. Meggitt plc has a 52-week low of GBX 361.80 and a 52-week high of GBX 485.10. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 449.54 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 448.20. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/meggitt-plc-mggt-upgraded-by-bank-of-america-corp-to-buy.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be issued a dividend of GBX 10.30 ($0.13) per share. This is an increase from Meggitt plc’s previous dividend of $4.80. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a dividend yield of 2.19%. In other news, insider Stephen G. Young sold 30,120 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 442 ($5.56), for a total transaction of £133,130.40 ($167,565.01). Also, insider Tony Wood acquired 10,378 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 478 ($6.02) per share, with a total value of £49,606.84 ($62,437.81). In the last 90 days, insiders have bought 35,435 shares of company stock valued at $16,310,950. Meggitt plc Company Profile Meggitt PLC is an engineering company. The Company’s segments are Meggitt Aircraft Braking Systems, Meggitt Control Systems, Meggitt Polymers & Composites, Meggitt Sensing Systems and the Meggitt Equipment Group. Its Meggitt Aircraft Braking Systems is a supplier of aircraft wheels, brakes and brake control systems. Receive News & Ratings for Meggitt plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WH Smith Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WH Smith Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Unilever plc (ULVR) a GBX 3,240 Price Target Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Given New GBX 120 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG TT Electronics plc (TTG) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Louisiana-Pacific Co. (LPX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Manning and Napier Inc (MN) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research LEGRAND SA EUR4 (LGRVF) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Investors Buy Shares of Hess Corp. (HES) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Short Interest in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Increases By 54.8% Capstone Mining Corp (CS) Research Coverage Started at CSFB Enel Americas SA (ENIA) Short Interest Up 71.0% in March Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €19.30 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Siemens AG (SIE) PT Set at €132.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Airbus Group SE (EAD) PT Set at €82.00 by Citigroup Inc Papa John's Int'l (PZZA) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Minerals Technologies (MTX) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Palatin Technologies (PTN) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.17 Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $166.1 Million WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital restated their hold rating on shares of WH Smith Plc (LON:SMWH) in a research note published on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 1,700 ($21.40) price objective on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Barclays PLC upgraded shares of WH Smith Plc to an overweight rating and set a GBX 1,990 ($25.05) target price for the company in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of WH Smith Plc to a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Haitong Bank reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 1,680 ($21.15) target price on shares of WH Smith Plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a reduce rating and issued a GBX 1,350 ($16.99) target price on shares of WH Smith Plc in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 1,850 ($23.29) target price on shares of WH Smith Plc in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 1,800.09 ($22.66). WH Smith Plc (LON:SMWH) opened at 1811.8418 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,760.69 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,597.56. WH Smith Plc has a one year low of GBX 1,174.00 and a one year high of GBX 1,963.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 2.01 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/wh-smith-plc-smwh-given-hold-rating-at-liberum-capital.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, August 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, July 13th will be paid a dividend of GBX 14.60 ($0.18) per share. This represents a yield of 0.82%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 13th. About WH Smith Plc WH Smith PLC is a United Kingdom-based retailer in convenience, books and news for travelling customers. The Company is a high street stationer, bookseller and newsagent. The Company operates through two segments: High Street and Travel. The Company’s Travel business sells its products to cater for people on the move or in need of a convenience offer. Receive News & Ratings for WH Smith Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WH Smith Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday BancFirst Co. (BANF) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday CYS Investments Inc (CYS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Tesco PLC (TSCO) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Unilever plc (ULVR) a GBX 3,240 Price Target Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Given New GBX 120 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG TT Electronics plc (TTG) Price Target Raised to GBX 225 WH Smith Plc (SMWH) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Louisiana-Pacific Co. (LPX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Manning and Napier Inc (MN) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research LEGRAND SA EUR4 (LGRVF) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Investors Buy Shares of Hess Corp. (HES) on Weakness Following Analyst Downgrade Short Interest in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Increases By 54.8% Capstone Mining Corp (CS) Research Coverage Started at CSFB Enel Americas SA (ENIA) Short Interest Up 71.0% in March Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €19.30 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Siemens AG (SIE) PT Set at €132.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Airbus Group SE (EAD) PT Set at €82.00 by Citigroup Inc BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) is scheduled to issue its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 19th. Analysts expect the company to announce earnings of $4.90 per share for the quarter. Shares of BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) opened at 383.80 on Tuesday. The stock has a market cap of $62.61 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.16 and a beta of 1.72. The company has a 50-day moving average of $383.55 and a 200 day moving average of $375.09. BlackRock, Inc. has a 52-week low of $317.60 and a 52-week high of $399.46. BLK has been the subject of several recent research reports. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on shares of BlackRock from $447.00 to $449.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Saturday, March 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $464.00 price objective on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Citigroup Inc increased their price objective on shares of BlackRock from $425.00 to $430.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. BlackRock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $411.10. In other news, CFO Gary Shedlin sold 2,417 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $375.00, for a total transaction of $906,375.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, COO Robert L. Goldstein sold 10,374 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $377.31, for a total transaction of $3,914,213.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 26,614 shares of company stock valued at $10,014,028 in the last ninety days. 2.20% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/blackrock-inc-blk-to-release-quarterly-earnings-on-wednesday.html. About BlackRock BlackRock, Inc (BlackRock) is an investment management company. BlackRock provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. Its diverse platform of active (alpha) and index (beta) investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to tailor investment outcomes and asset allocation solutions for clients. Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acacia Mining PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acacia Mining PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €19.30 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Siemens AG (SIE) PT Set at €132.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Airbus Group SE (EAD) PT Set at €82.00 by Citigroup Inc Papa John's Int'l (PZZA) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Minerals Technologies (MTX) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Palatin Technologies (PTN) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.17 Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $166.1 Million Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brewin Dolphin Holdings plc (BRW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Bruker Co. (BRKR) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Owens Corning (OC) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Metlife (MET) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Gastar Exploration (GST) Stock Price Ashtead Group (ASHTY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Analysts Set $70.00 Price Target for ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Nabors Industries (NBR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Oneok Partners (OKS) Share Price Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Incyte Co. (INCY) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by Vetr Inc. Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet Acacia Mining PLC (LON:ACA) is scheduled to be posting its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. Shares of Acacia Mining PLC (LON:ACA) opened at 493.40 on Tuesday. Acacia Mining PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 297.22 and a 1-year high of GBX 615.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.02 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 469.66 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 449.73. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 31st. Investors of record on Thursday, May 4th will be paid a dividend of €0.08 ($0.09) per share. This is a boost from Acacia Mining PLC’s previous dividend of $0.03. This represents a dividend yield of 1.34%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. A number of brokerages recently commented on ACA. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 610 ($7.68) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Barclays PLC restated an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 390 ($4.91) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 550 ($6.92) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a research note on Monday, January 16th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 550 ($6.92) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a research note on Monday, January 16th. Finally, Citigroup Inc restated a “sell” rating and set a GBX 380 ($4.78) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Acacia Mining PLC presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 448.69 ($5.65). COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/acacia-mining-plc-aca-to-release-quarterly-earnings-on-wednesday.html. Acacia Mining PLC Company Profile Acacia Mining Plc (Acacia), formerly African Barrick Gold Plc, is a gold miner and producer of gold in Africa. The Company is engaged in the mining, processing and sale of gold business. Its segments are North Mara gold mine, Bulyanhulu gold mine, Buzwagi gold mine, and Corporate and Exploration segment. Receive News & Ratings for Acacia Mining PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acacia Mining PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Minerals Technologies (MTX) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Palatin Technologies (PTN) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.17 Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $166.1 Million Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brewin Dolphin Holdings plc (BRW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Bruker Co. (BRKR) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Owens Corning (OC) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Metlife (MET) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Gastar Exploration (GST) Stock Price Ashtead Group (ASHTY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Analysts Set $70.00 Price Target for ProAssurance Co. (PRA) Nabors Industries (NBR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Oneok Partners (OKS) Share Price Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Incyte Co. (INCY) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by Vetr Inc. NCI Building Systems (NCS) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Analysts Expect AG Mortgage Investment Trust Inc (MITT) to Announce $0.46 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Xylem Inc (XYL) to Post $0.39 EPS Hugoton Royalty Trust (HGT) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.24 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact MiMedx Group (MDXG) Stock Price Minerals Technologies (MTX) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media stories about Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) have trended somewhat positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. AlphaOne, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Minerals Technologies earned a news sentiment score of 0.12 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave headlines about the company an impact score of 88 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. These are some of the headlines that may have impacted Alpha One’s analysis: Minerals Technologies (MTX) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports (americanbankingnews.com) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Issued By KeyCorp (americanbankingnews.com) Minerals Technologies, Inc. – Value Analysis (NYSE:MTX) : April 13, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Minerals Technologies, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : MTX-US : April 12, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Brokerages Expect Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) to Announce $1.04 Earnings Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) Several equities analysts recently weighed in on MTX shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Minerals Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Minerals Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 price target for the company in a research note on Friday, March 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Shares of Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) traded up 1.57% during trading on Monday, hitting $74.30. The company had a trading volume of 139,590 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.60 and a beta of 2.04. Minerals Technologies has a 52-week low of $51.29 and a 52-week high of $83.85. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $75.21 and its 200 day moving average is $75.72. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.05 by $0.03. Minerals Technologies had a net margin of 8.14% and a return on equity of 15.57%. The company earned $401.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $393.05 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.00 earnings per share. Minerals Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Minerals Technologies will post $4.75 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In other Minerals Technologies news, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 790 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.08, for a total value of $62,473.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 31,554 shares in the company, valued at $2,495,290.32. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 7,373 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.18, for a total transaction of $576,421.14. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 31,355 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,451,333.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.70% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/minerals-technologies-mtx-getting-somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-study-finds.html. About Minerals Technologies Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services around the world. It operates through five segments. The Specialty Minerals produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC) and processed mineral product quicklime (lime). Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics BAC IBM Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Netflix (NFLX) beats Q1 earnings estimates; subscribers fall short >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Market Weakness? This S&P 500 Slide Won’t Last for Long! The market isn't pointed in the right direction, but this downside move lacks volume and conviction By Sam Collins, InvestorPlace Chief Technical Analyst  |  Apr 17, 2017, 7:24 am EDT     Popular Posts: Dow Jones Feeling the Heat from the International Situation Trade of the Day: Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Is Not a Buy Right Now Dow Jones Feeling the Heat from the International Situation Recent Posts: Market Weakness? This S&P 500 Slide Won’t Last for Long! Trade of the Day: Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) The S&P 500 Isn’t Suffering a Breakdown … Yet View All Posts On Thursday, April 13, stock indices fell for the third consecutive day as fear of a slowing economy and international political tensions led to investors’ reassessment of their holdings. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7%, the S&P 500 lost 1.1%, the Nasdaq dropped -0.5% and the Russell 2000 fell 1.3%. The major indices fell despite earnings gains by JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) and Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC). All three mega-banks beat earnings estimates, but WFC missed its revenue target. The financial sector lost 1.3%. On Good Friday, a stock market holiday, the consumer-price index (CPI) declined for the first monthly decline since January 2010. That announcement followed one week after a Labor Department report that showed that U.S. employers added fewer jobs in March than economists had forecast. Thursday’s decline took the S&P 500 down almost 3% from its March high. It was led lower by the energy sector of the 500, down -1.6%, despite the positive close of WTI crude oil ending the week higher by 1.8% at $53.18 per barrel. 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 139 points to 20,453, the S&P 500 lost 16 to 2,328, the Nasdaq fell 31 points to close at 5,805 and the Russell 2000 dropped 14 at 1,345. The NYSE’s primary exchange traded 765 million shares with total volume of 3.1 billion shares. Nasdaq crossed 1.6 billion shares. On the Big Board, decliners outpaced advancers by 2.5-to-1; on the Nasdaq, decliners led by 2.2-to-1. Blocks on the NYSE increased to 6,417 from 5,999 on Wednesday. Monday’s Analysis Click to Enlarge Although the CBOE Volatility Index (the VIX, or the “fear index) has hit a five-month high with four closes over its 200-day moving average, sentiment appears to be driven by geopolitical happenings that have an impact on gold, the dollar, etc. Click to Enlarge Even though Thursday’s close was close to the low of the day, volume was very low and has been low for the past six days. However, a close below the March low at 20,412 could cause more selling and could sustain a break to the next level of support at the January high at 20,125. Conclusion: The “breakdown” through the 50-day moving average of the major indices lacks breadth, and low volume indicates a lack of fear generally associated with the beginning of a correction. The average investor is usually wrong, especially in the near- and intermediate-term. Significantly, the most recent AAII Sentiment Survey shows only 29.0 bullish (average is 38.5%), 33.6% neutral (average is 31.0%), 37.4% bearish (average is 30.5%). Outside events often influence trends that are not predictable. But in the absence of an unusual happening, I conclude that the current breakdown will not last long and weakness should be treated as an opportunity to buy stocks of high quality at prices our readers have estimated as “reasonable.” Today’s Trading Landscape To see a list of the companies reporting earnings today, click here. For a list of this week’s economic reports due out, click here. Tell us what you think about this article! Drop us an email at editor@investorplace.com, chat with us on Twitter at @InvestorPlace or comment on the post on Facebook. Read more about our comments policy here. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/market-weakness-this-sp-500-slide-wont-last-for-long/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Top Emerging Markets Stocks Is BofA Stock Still a Good Opportunity? NFLX Earnings Beat Is a Purgatory Sentence 5 Tech Stocks for Growth AND Dividends Should You Buy Tesla? 3 Pros, 3 Cons iPhone 8 Supercycle or Bust? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks to Buy for Growth AND Dividends 7 Top Emerging Markets Stocks to Buy Now 3 High-Yield BDCs With Excellent Dividend Coverage Monday Apple Rumors: Possible iPhone 8 Design Leaks Is Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Still a Good Opportunity? Most Popular 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 High-Profit Stocks to Buy on Consumer Confidence  7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Menu Biglaw Small Law Firms Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Counsel Business Development Future of the Supreme Court Justice Privacy Bonuses ATL Rankings Asia Chronicles Government Appellate Court Blog CLE Litigation Finance Podcast Career Center Job Listings Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends Resource Center Send Tips Advertise Events About X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Send Tips Advertise Events About Above the Law New Reason To Fear The IRS Non-Sequiturs: 04.17.17 How To Reduce Distractions In A Constantly Connected World The Pop Quiz You Need To Pass If You Are Bumped On An Overbooked Flight 4 Key Compliance Issues For Medical Device Companies This Week In Legal Tech: Everyone’s Talking About Chatbots Sex Abuse In Elite Schools: What A Surprise! This Month’s Podcasts On Legal Talk Network Oh, Cannabis: Canada Tables Marijuana Legalization Legislation Neil Gorsuch Apologizes For Being Such A Gunner During His First Day On The Bench Texas Judge Testifies Against District Attorney Over Threats Allegedly Made In Her Chambers Biglaw Firm ‘Outs’ All Of Its Flextime Attorneys On Its Website 94-Year-Old Federal Judge’s Snarky Remarks: ‘Regrettable,’ But Not Recusal-Worthy Time Is Running Out, So Submit Your Law Revue Videos Now! 1 Weird Trick to Avoid Sanctions Biglaw Small Law Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Legal Tech Justice Government Appellate Court Blog Career Center Job Listings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Resource Center Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends CLE Do Associates Defy Generational Stereotypes? Download Our Free Report Benchslaps, Federal Judges, Legal Ethics 94-Year-Old Federal Judge’s Snarky Remarks: ‘Regrettable,’ But Not Recusal-Worthy A misguided recusal motion leaves a bitter taste in Judge Robert Sweet's mouth. By David Lat Apr 17, 2017 at 2:15 PM Shares8 Few things antagonize judges more than unjustified motions for recusal. Not only do these motions consume judicial resources and slow down litigation, but they also implicitly (or sometimes explicitly) question the ethics of the jurist in question. Earlier this month, we covered a colorful order denying recusal that derided a “frivolous” disqualification motion as “smoke and mirrors.” And now we bring you this similarly striking opinion, via Law360: A cheeky New York federal judge refused Friday to take himself off a case brought by a former JPMorgan Chase & Co. executive who claims the bank fired her for flagging possible fraud, saying his wisecracks don’t rise to the level of bias. U.S. District Judge Robert W. Sweet said in a written decision his remarks expressing impatience with the seven-year-old case don’t meet the “the high degree of antagonism as to make fair judgment impossible” necessary for him to recuse himself. At issue were comments the self-described “flippant” judge made to counsel, including, “I would do anything to get rid of this case.” In a January hearing when the 94-year-old Judge Sweet declined to hand off the case to another judge over scheduling issues, he quipped, “I wouldn’t wish this case on my worst enemy. No, I’ve lived with it and I suppose I can say I’ll probably die with it.” As we noted previously in a quick shout-out to this case, the judge did get a bit “snarky” with his comments. The figure-skating jurist seemed to warn counsel — for both parties, not just the plaintiff executive — that they were on thin ice. (It’s not shocking that Judge Sweet dished it out like that. Being old and life-tenured = DGAF. See also Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s “ill-advised” Donald Trump comments.) But snarky remarks, plus a few rulings against the plaintiff, do not a recusal make: In the decision, Judge Sweet said that while his remarks were “regrettable,” they were attempts at humor with lawyers in dealing “a complicated, intensely litigated case” that has dragged on for years — the action has twice been tossed and twice returned by the Second Circuit. “The three extrajudicial comments made in this case, though mistakenly made, uniformly and without reflection, do not demonstrate bias against the plaintiff but rather frustration at irresolution of the action,” Judge Sweet said. And now it seems the recusal motion has left a similarly bitter taste in Judge Sweet’s mouth. Note the nonagenarian jurist’s allusion to his nearly four decades of judicial service, in the conclusion to his opinion (posted in full on the next page): I have been a United States District Court Judge for 39 years. Impartiality and the appearance of impartiality are required to resolve difficult competing claims and to seek just result. This standard applies in all cases, including this one. Moral of the story: don’t seek recusal unless you’re really, really sure it will get granted. If you move for recusal and don’t succeed, you wind up with a judge who’s even more ticked-off at you than he was before — in this case, a Grumpier Old M[a]n. Recusal motions make me think of the famous Ralph Waldo Emerson quotation: “When you strike at a king, you must kill him.” Or, for all you fans of The Wire: (Flip to the next page to read Judge Sweet’s opinion.) Snarky Judge In Ex-JPM Exec Case Not Going Anywhere [Law360] Earlier: Federal Judge Benchslaps Lawyer For ‘Frivolous,’ ‘Smoke And Mirrors’ Recusal Motion David Lat is the founder and managing editor of Above the Law and the author of Supreme Ambitions: A Novel. He previously worked as a federal prosecutor in Newark, New Jersey; a litigation associate at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz; and a law clerk to Judge Diarmuid F. O’Scannlain of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. You can connect with David on Twitter (@DavidLat), LinkedIn, and Facebook, and you can reach him by email at dlat@abovethelaw.com. Promoted Sponsored Content New survey by Bloomberg Law and the Legal Marketing Association New survey by Bloomberg Law and the Legal Marketing Association Discover where law firms are investing to retain and grow their business. Discover how law firms are investing to retain and grow their business. Bloomberg Law Promoted Sponsored Content This Month’s Podcasts on Legal Talk Network This Month’s Podcasts on Legal Talk Network March and April Highlights: Trial of the Century, Data Paranoia, and the Magnificent 8 March and April Highlights: Trial of the Century, Data Paranoia, and the Magnificent 8 Legal Talk Network 1 2Next » Shares8 Topics Benchslaps, Disqualification, Federal Judges, Frivolous claims, Jennifer Sharkey, JP Morgan, JP Morgan Chase, Judicial Ethics, Legal Ethics, Litigation, Litigators, Recusal, Recusals, Robert Sweet, S.D.N.Y., Wall Street Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Popular Articles Biglaw Firm ‘Outs’ All Of Its Flextime Attorneys On Its Website 3 Reasons Why Marnie From ‘Girls’ Shouldn’t Go To Law School The Pop Quiz You Need To Pass If You Are Bumped On An Overbooked Flight 94-Year-Old Federal Judge’s Snarky Remarks: ‘Regrettable,’ But Not Recusal-Worthy Neil Gorsuch Apologizes For Being Such A Gunner During His First Day On The Bench New Reason To Fear The IRS Texas Judge Testifies Against District Attorney Over Threats Allegedly Made In Her Chambers Sex Abuse In Elite Schools: What A Surprise! Oh, Cannabis: Canada Tables Marijuana Legalization Legislation Supreme Court Clerk Hiring Watch: Meet Justice Neil Gorsuch’s Clerks This Week In Legal Tech: Everyone’s Talking About Chatbots Breaking: NY To $180K!!! Cravath Raises Associate Base Salaries!!! In Memoriam: Celebrating The Life Of Lawyer Trinh Huynh 1 Weird Trick to Avoid Sanctions Why Lawyers Should Never Use Starbucks WiFi From the Above the Law Network Minding The Gap: Do Today’s Associates Defy Generational Stereotypes? Source: This Is A Business As Much As A Practice Source: Lawline CLE Big Deals & Lateral Moves Source: Lateral Link Two Mid to Senior-Level M&A Associate Openings Source: Kinney Recruiting On The Job: A Labor And Employment Rankings Round-Up Source: Above the Law 2017 Law Firm Rankings Source: Above the Law 2017 Dealbreaker MBA Rankings Source: Dealbreaker Life Sciences Law Firm Index: Top Deal Firms Update Source: Above the Law Time Is Running Out, So Submit Your Law Revue Videos Now! Biglaw Firm ‘Outs’ All Of Its Flextime Attorneys On Its Website Shares8 Promoted Sponsored Content Two Mid to Senior-Level and Associate Openings Two Mid to Senior-Level and Associate Openings Our visits this week with partners at top firms in Hong Kong have yielded some very interesting results Visits with top firms in Hong Kong have yielded very interesting results. Kinney Recruiting Promoted Sponsored Content Do Associates Defy Generational Stereotypes? Do Associates Defy Generational Stereotypes? How are generational tensions playing out in law firms? Download Our Free Report Download Our Free Report Major, Lindsey & Africa and ATL Promoted Sponsored Content At Which Firms Are Women Thriving? Findings From The ATL Law Firm Gender Diversity Index Law firms blow a lot of rhetorical hot air affirming their commitment to achieving gender diversity in the workplace. Yet, despite some isolated efforts to hire and retain more female attorneys and promote more women into partnership, little tangible progress has been made to improve the position of women in the profession… Above The Law Recent Jobs Civil Rights Litigator (7-10 years' experience) Location: Berkeley, California posted by Disability Rights Advocates Mid-Level Corporate Associate Location: Houston, Texas posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Assistant General Counsel - Tolls Location: New York, New York posted by MTA Bridges and Tunnels Executive Assistant General Counsel Location: New York, New York posted by MTA Bridges and Tunnels Attorney Location: San Francisco, California posted by Solar Frontier Americas Development view all » Promoted Sponsored Content Key Qualities To Look For When Interviewing For Your Firm Key Qualities To Look For When Interviewing For Your Firm Legal research is one of the key tasks in any firm. Here are some potential qualities to look for when evaluating a potential hire’s skills. How to evaluate a candidate's legal research skills. Thomson Reuters Promoted Sponsored Content Master The LSAT With Learning Science Master The LSAT With Learning Science What’s the best way to study for the LSAT? The traditional educational model dictates that you should read… Use these research-backed strategies to prep for the test. MATT SHINNERS, MANHATTAN PREP Newsletter Signup Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Editorial Staff Managing Editor David Lat Editors Staci Zaretsky Joe Patrice Breaking Media Editor at Large Elie Mystal × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. ×
Tucsonan falls victim to car scam - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Tucson Rodeo Justice For Isabel My Tucson Home Flight tracker Arizona Politics Border News Business Traffic map Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education Visit our tax guide In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Lifestyle Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona Teacher Tributes Tucson gem show About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Tucsonan falls victim to car scam 2017-04-18T02:34:41Z2017-04-18T03:45:02Z By Janice Yu, Reporter Email Connect jyu@tucsonnewsnow.com (Source: Tucson News Now) TUCSON, AZ (Tucson News Now) - Aaron Raftis said he found a posting for a 2014 Ford F 250 while scrolling through carfax.com.  The dealership was listed as 5th Street Auto Sales in Alliance, Ohio. Raftis said he went on the dealership's website and sent them a message.  "I'm interested in the vehicle, wanted to know if it's still available. Probably within about 30-40 minutes the dealership reached out to me and called me," Raftis said.  Soon after, Raftis reached out to his bank, JP Morgan Chase, and started the process for an auto loan. He said the bank did their own research to make sure the business was legitimate.  "I sent him a copy of the dealer's business license or their resell license and they did whatever their background check was. And numerous times with me on the phone he told me everything looked good," Raftis said.  When Raftis asked the dealership for the title of the truck to provide to the bank, they told him they would need a $5,000 refundable deposit first. After two unsuccessful transfers, the dealership instructed Raftis on how to use Green Dot MoneyPak Cards to send the money.  "He said first thing Monday morning I'll start the process to get the transport truck here. I can guarantee your truck will be picked up from the dealership and leaving the dealership Monday night and you should be receiving it in a couple of days," Raftis said.  CRIME COVERAGE: The KOLD News 13 mugshots of the month are available HERE. When Raftis didn't hear from them Monday, he called the Alliance Police Department and the Better Business Bureau of Canton Region.  He said the police department said he wasn't the first person to call them about 5th Street Auto Sales. It was through his conversation with the BBB that he learned he had become a victim of an elaborate scheme.  An investigation by the BBB found 5th Street Auto Sales closed in 2015. Their registration with the Ohio Secretary of State's Office was canceled on September 21, 2015.  The website was just created on February 28, 2017.  Raftis said he was told by the BBB that the FBI is investigating but he's had no luck trying to get his money back.  "Never in a million years did I think this was a possible thing to do. As far as having a fake website, fake vehicles, and a business license and everything of that nature," Raftis said.  The Better Business Bureau of Southern Arizona has some tips on how to make sure you don't become a victim of a scam like this one:  TIPS FOR AVOIDING A CAR SCAM Only purchase local vehicles Meet seller in public place with second person, preferably one who is savvy in vehicle maintenance, to do a test drive. NEVER wire money or use a bank-to-bank transfer in a transaction. ALWAYS try to deal locally when buying or selling an automobile or other high-value merchandise DO NOT sell or buy a car from someone who is unable or unwilling to meet you face to face. NEVER buy a car that you have not seen in real life and had inspected by a professional. A vehicle history report may also be a good idea, though scammers have been known to use fake vehicle identification numbers to defeat this countermeasure. WAIT until a check (personal, cashier’s, certified, or otherwise) has cleared the bank to transfer title or the car itself. Funds being made available by a bank DOES NOT mean the check is not counterfeit. Clearing a check can take days or weeks depending on the financial institutions involved. Check with your bank about their particular processes for clearing checks. NEVER trust a seller or buyer who says that the transaction is GUARANTEED by eBay, Craigslist, PayPal, or other online marketplace. These sites explicitly DO NOT guarantee that people using their services are legitimate. BEWARE sellers or buyers who want to conclude a transaction as quickly as possible. Scammers want to get your money before you have time to think or have a professional examine the deal. CALL the buyer or seller to establish phone contact. If the buyer or seller seems to neglect details agreed to via e-mail or is unable to answer questions about their location or the location of the automobile in question, it is likely to be a scam. ALWAYS trust your gut. If a deal feels “fishy” or sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Plenty of people use online classified ads to buy and sell cars every day. The vast majority of these transactions are legitimate and go smoothly. Losing out on a “great” deal in order to work with someone you trust could save you big in avoiding a possible scam. Run a check on the VIN # after pulling it directly from the car via a service like Carfax or vehiclehistory.com MOBILE USERS: Download our app on your Apple and Android devices. Copyright 2017 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Crime & CourtsMore>> BREAKING UPDATE: PCSD releases victims names in the northwest side shooting UPDATE: PCSD releases victims names in the northwest side shooting Updated: Tuesday, April 18 2017 1:42 AM EDT2017-04-18 05:42:00 GMT Law enforcement on scene of shooting. (Source: Tucson News Now) Authorities are responding to a shooting on the northwest side of Tucson Monday afternoon that left one man dead and another recovering from serious injuries.  Authorities are responding to a shooting on the northwest side of Tucson Monday afternoon that left one man dead and another recovering from serious injuries.  Tucsonan falls victim to car scam Tucsonan falls victim to car scam Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 11:45 PM EDT2017-04-18 03:45:02 GMT (Source: Tucson News Now) He said the police department said he wasn't the first person to call them about 5th Street Auto Sales. It was through his conversation with the BBB that he learned he had become a victim of an elaborate scheme.  He said the police department said he wasn't the first person to call them about 5th Street Auto Sales. It was through his conversation with the BBB that he learned he had become a victim of an elaborate scheme.  Friends remember victim lost to deadly shooting at La Encantada Friends remember victim lost to deadly shooting at La Encantada Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 9:07 PM EDT2017-04-18 01:07:30 GMT Eliot Cobb (Source: Tucson News Now) Friends of Eliot Cobb, the man shot and killed Friday night at La Encantada, describe him as kind, lighthearted, and laid back.  Friends of Eliot Cobb, the man shot and killed Friday night at La Encantada, describe him as kind, lighthearted, and laid back.  BREAKING UPDATE: David Watson gets 66-year sentence UPDATE: David Watson gets 66-year sentence Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 8:48 PM EDT2017-04-18 00:48:05 GMT David Watson (Source: Tucson News Now) David Watson, the Tucson man convicted of killing his ex-wife, mother-in-law and her friend more than a decade ago, will spend at least the next 66 years in prison. David Watson, the Tucson man convicted of killing his ex-wife, mother-in-law and her friend more than a decade ago, will spend at least the next 66 years in prison. BREAKING One arrested in connection with Oro Valley landscaping scam One arrested in connection with Oro Valley landscaping scam Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 8:26 PM EDT2017-04-18 00:26:40 GMT Raul Fierro. (Source: Oro Valley Police Department) Authorities have made an arrest in a landscaping scam Tucson News Now first told you about earlier this month. Authorities have made an arrest in a landscaping scam Tucson News Now first told you about earlier this month.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> PHOTO: Woman spots snake mating ball along popular greenway trail PHOTO: Woman spots snake mating ball along popular greenway trail Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 11:58 PM EDT2017-04-18 03:58:16 GMT (Photo courtesy: Christine Proffitt) Christine Proffitt tweeted out a photo of what appears to be a mating ball of watersnakes along the greenway with the message: "Watch out on the greenway today guys." Christine Proffitt tweeted out a photo of what appears to be a mating ball of watersnakes along the greenway with the message: "Watch out on the greenway today guys." Cleveland police say suspect was on Facebook when he killed someone Cleveland police say suspect was on Facebook when he killed someone Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 11:08 AM EDT2017-04-17 15:08:04 GMT Photo of the suspect (Source: Facebook) The Cleveland Police are investigating a homicide at 635 East 93rd Street.  The Cleveland Police are investigating a homicide at 635 East 93rd Street. National search for man behind Cleveland Facebook shooting continues, reward offered National search for man behind Cleveland Facebook shooting continues, reward offered Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 9:44 PM EDT2017-04-18 01:44:04 GMT Photo of the suspect (Source: Facebook) Authorities are offering a $50,000 reward for the arrest of Steve Stephens, the man accused of publishing video of a murder to Facebook this past week. Authorities are offering a $50,000 reward for the arrest of Steve Stephens, the man accused of publishing video of a murder to Facebook this past week. Joy Lane breaks silence about Facebook shooting: 'I am sorry that all of this has happened' Joy Lane breaks silence about Facebook shooting: 'I am sorry that all of this has happened' Updated: Monday, April 17 2017 8:21 AM EDT2017-04-17 12:21:34 GMT Steve Stephens (Source: Facebook) During a Facebook video posted, Steve Stephens, the murder suspect blames his actions on his mother and his ex-girlfriend, Joy Lane.  During a Facebook video posted, Steve Stephens, the murder suspect blames his actions on his mother and his ex-girlfriend, Joy Lane.  breaking Highland Home teen missing since 2015 is alive and well, mom says Highland Home teen missing since 2015 is alive and well, mom says Updated: Tuesday, April 18 2017 12:43 AM EDT2017-04-18 04:43:11 GMT (Source: Vickie Metcalf) The mother of a Highland Home girl who vanished from her home more than a year ago says Alissia Freeman has reached out to her family and is safe.  The mother of a Highland Home girl who vanished from her home more than a year ago says Alissia Freeman has reached out to her family and is safe.     Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vectura Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argos Therapeutics Inc (ARGS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Entertainment One Ltd (ETO) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Camden Property Trust (CPT) Stock Price Chegg (CHGG) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.11 Colfax Corp (CFX) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Citrix Systems (CTXS) Stock Price Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts DHT Holdings Inc (DHT) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Bank of Marin Bancorp (BMRC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Gold Fields Limited (GFI) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) to Sell Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact MEDNAX (MD) Share Price Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.05 Hollysys Automation Technologies (HOLI) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Groupon (GRPN) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.05 Hyatt Hotels (H) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.04 NIC (EGOV) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC) has been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the eight brokerages that are currently covering the firm. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating. The average 1-year target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 220.25 ($2.77). Several equities analysts have recently commented on VEC shares. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 200 ($2.52) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their target price on Vectura Group PLC from GBX 230 ($2.89) to GBX 240 ($3.02) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 252 ($3.17) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.83) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, N+1 Singer reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 202 ($2.54) target price on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/vectura-group-plc-vec-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC) traded down 0.495574% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting GBX 153.236816. The stock had a trading volume of 1,562,014 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 152.91 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 142.28. Vectura Group PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 122.90 and a 12-month high of GBX 179.00. The stock’s market cap is GBX 1.04 billion. About Vectura Group PLC Vectura Group plc is engaged in research, development and commercialization of therapeutic products and drug delivery systems for human use. The Company’s products include Ultibro Breezhaler (European Union (EU) and Rest of World (RoW)) – LABA-LAMA; Seebri Breezhaler (EU and RoW) – LAMA; AirFluSal Forspiro (EU and RoW) – ICS-LABA; ADVATE (Global) – Antihaemophilic Factor (Recombinant); Adept (Global) – Icodextrin; Anoro Ellipta (Global) – LAMA-LABA; Relvar Ellipta/Breo Ellipta (Global) – ICS-LABA, and Incruse Ellipta (Global) – LAMA. Receive News & Ratings for Vectura Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact MEDNAX (MD) Share Price Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.05 Hollysys Automation Technologies (HOLI) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Groupon (GRPN) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.05 Hyatt Hotels (H) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.04 NIC (EGOV) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows $0.41 EPS Expected for MTGE Investment Corp (MTGE) This Quarter -$0.07 Earnings Per Share Expected for Transocean LTD (RIG) This Quarter Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.44 Per Share Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect CA (CA) Share Price Eastgroup Properties (EGP) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.02 Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.01 Cabot Corp (CBT) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Loews (L) Share Price F5 Networks (FFIV) Getting Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Finds Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc. (ELS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.37 EPS Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Kronos Worldwide (KRO) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Hits Estimates Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact MEDNAX (MD) Share Price April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) have been trending somewhat positive on Monday, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. The research firm, a service of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. MEDNAX earned a news sentiment score of 0.05 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned media coverage about the company an impact score of 91 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the headlines that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment’s rankings: MEDNAX Inc (MD) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) $0.82 EPS Expected for MEDNAX Inc (MD) This Quarter (americanbankingnews.com) Brokers Set Expectations for MEDNAX Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MD) (americanbankingnews.com) MEDNAX to Present as a Corporate Partner at Becker’s Hospital Review 8 th Annual Meeting (enhancedonlinenews.com) MEDNAX to Present as a Corporate Partner at Becker’s Hospital Review 8th Annual Meeting (finance.yahoo.com) MD has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of MEDNAX from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $63.00 target price on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $69.00 target price on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Robert W. Baird lowered shares of MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, MEDNAX presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $69.00. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) traded up 0.19% on Monday, hitting $67.99. 407,678 shares of the stock traded hands. MEDNAX has a 12-month low of $59.36 and a 12-month high of $76.96. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $69.53 and its 200-day moving average price is $67.31. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $831 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $842.15 million. MEDNAX had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 10.21%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 12.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.13 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that MEDNAX will post $4.24 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In related news, SVP Dominic J. Andreano sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.59, for a total value of $417,540.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 30,746 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,139,614.14. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Enrique Sosa sold 10,668 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.65, for a total transaction of $743,026.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 21,923 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,526,936.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 96,296 shares of company stock valued at $6,668,891 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/somewhat-positive-media-coverage-extremely-likely-to-impact-mednax-md-share-price.html. MEDNAX Company Profile MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canadian Solar Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Receives $65.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc (KTOS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Greif, Inc. (GEF) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Chegg Inc (CHGG) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Zacks: Dometic Group Ab (DTCGF) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Share Price Semtech (SMTC) Getting Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports ReneSola (SOL) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports E. W. Scripps (SSP) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.04 Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Student Transportation (STB) Stock Price Regent Investment Management LLC Has $2.116 Million Stake in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Regent Investment Management LLC Boosts Position in Computer Sciences Co. (CSC) S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Stake Held by CGOV Asset Management Brokerages Expect Meritage Homes Corp (MTH) to Announce $0.42 EPS Pinnacle Bank Takes Position in Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Pinnacle Bank Purchases New Stake in Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Anthem Inc (ANTM) Position Reduced by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System CGOV Asset Management Has $76.568 Million Stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (MJN) Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Canadian Solar Inc. (NASDAQ:CSIQ) have been given a consensus rating of “Hold” by the thirteen analysts that are currently covering the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12-month price objective among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $16.48. A number of equities analysts recently commented on CSIQ shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Canadian Solar from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Roth Capital set a $12.00 target price on Canadian Solar and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. FBR & Co restated a “mkt perform” rating and set a $13.00 target price (up previously from $12.00) on shares of Canadian Solar in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their target price on Canadian Solar from $16.00 to $14.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Axiom Securities started coverage on Canadian Solar in a report on Monday. They set a “buy” rating and a $18.00 target price for the company. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. DnB Asset Management AS increased its position in Canadian Solar by 42.0% in the third quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 4,704,602 shares of the company’s stock worth $64,236,000 after buying an additional 1,392,600 shares during the period. Quentec Asset Management LLC increased its position in Canadian Solar by 55.9% in the third quarter. Quentec Asset Management LLC now owns 1,598,228 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,960,000 after buying an additional 572,963 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD increased its position in Canadian Solar by 56.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 1,509,978 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,748,000 after buying an additional 547,155 shares during the period. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. increased its position in Canadian Solar by 12.6% in the third quarter. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 407,661 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,601,000 after buying an additional 45,600 shares during the period. Finally, Gabelli Funds LLC increased its position in Canadian Solar by 7.8% in the fourth quarter. Gabelli Funds LLC now owns 345,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,202,000 after buying an additional 25,000 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 36.88% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/canadian-solar-inc-csiq-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-from-brokerages.html. Canadian Solar (NASDAQ:CSIQ) traded up 5.50% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $13.42. 1,164,478 shares of the company traded hands. Canadian Solar has a 12-month low of $10.25 and a 12-month high of $19.65. The company’s 50-day moving average is $13.13 and its 200-day moving average is $13.00. Canadian Solar (NASDAQ:CSIQ) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.32 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $668.40 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $698.57 million. Canadian Solar had a net margin of 4.26% and a return on equity of 15.60%. Canadian Solar’s revenue was down 40.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.05 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that Canadian Solar will post $1.56 EPS for the current fiscal year. About Canadian Solar Canadian Solar Inc is a solar power company. The Company is a provider of solar power products, services and system solutions with operations in North America, South America, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, Australia and Asia. Its segments include module segment, energy development segment and electricity generation segment. Receive News & Ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canadian Solar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hannover Rueck SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Receives $65.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc (KTOS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Greif, Inc. (GEF) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Chegg Inc (CHGG) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Zacks: Dometic Group Ab (DTCGF) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Share Price Semtech (SMTC) Getting Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports ReneSola (SOL) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports E. W. Scripps (SSP) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.04 Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Student Transportation (STB) Stock Price Regent Investment Management LLC Has $2.116 Million Stake in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Regent Investment Management LLC Boosts Position in Computer Sciences Co. (CSC) S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Stake Held by CGOV Asset Management Brokerages Expect Meritage Homes Corp (MTH) to Announce $0.42 EPS Pinnacle Bank Takes Position in Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Pinnacle Bank Purchases New Stake in Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Anthem Inc (ANTM) Position Reduced by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System CGOV Asset Management Has $76.568 Million Stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition CO (MJN) Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Receives $65.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Hannover Rueck SE (OTCMKTS:HVRRY) has received a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the nine brokerages that are currently covering the firm. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12-month price objective among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $65.00. Several equities analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Hannover Rueck SE from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Hannover Rueck SE from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Hannover Rueck SE (HVRRY) Receives $65.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/hannover-rueck-se-hvrry-receives-65-00-consensus-target-price-from-brokerages.html. Shares of Hannover Rueck SE (OTCMKTS:HVRRY) traded up 0.21% during trading on Friday, hitting $57.82. The stock had a trading volume of 3,418 shares. Hannover Rueck SE has a one year low of $48.76 and a one year high of $60.02. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $57.45 and its 200-day moving average is $55.20. Hannover Rueck SE (OTCMKTS:HVRRY) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, March 9th. The company reported $1.71 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.46 by $0.25. The company earned $4.38 billion during the quarter. Hannover Rueck SE had a return on equity of 12.59% and a net margin of 7.15%. Hannover Rueck SE Company Profile Hannover Rueck SE is a reinsurance company. The Company operates through two segments: Property & Casualty reinsurance and Life & Health reinsurance. The Company under the Property & Casualty reinsurance segment is engaged in marine and aviation reinsurance, credit and surety reinsurance, business written on the London Market, as well as direct business and facultative reinsurance. Receive News & Ratings for Hannover Rueck SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hannover Rueck SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Features Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Business Markets US stocks bounce following weekend tensions to close near session highs Financials helped push markets ahead, with the three major markets rising 0.9%. By Nicole Rojas April 17, 2017 23:23 BST A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York on 30 March 2017REUTERS/Brendan McDermid US stocks rebounded on Monday (17 April) to close near session highs, as concerns over geopolitical tensions eased and banks rallied. The Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced 183.67 points, or 0.9%, to settle at 20,636.92. Boeing Co, JP Morgan Chase & Co and Nike Inc were the leading advancers, according to MarketWatch. The S&P 500 rose 20.06 points, or 0.9%, to close at 2,349.01, with all 11 sectors trading higher. The financials, real estate and industrial sectors led gains. The Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF, which track's the index's financials, gained 1.8% to post its best daily rise since 1 March, FactSet data revealed. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite jumped 51.64 points, or 0.9%, to end at 5,856.79. Significant gains were made by Nvidia Corp and Amazon.com Inc, which rose 4% and 2%, respectively. "I think this is a relief rally," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial, told CNBC. "Are out of the woods? No. I still think we're in the midst of a pullback" given the geopolitical situation, he said. Monday's rally comes after a particularly tense weekend between the US and North Korea, with concerns about aggressions escalating coming to a head. North Korea held its annual display of force, parading its military, missiles and rocket launchers ahead of a failed missile launch. The weekend also included an unannounced visit to the Korean Peninsula's demilitarized zone by US Vice President Mike Pence, who warned Pyongyang "not to test" the resolve of Trump. "The fact that Pence was able to go there and come out unharmed led some bulls back into the market," Adam Sarhan, CEO of 50 Park Investments, said to CNBC. "This is a combination of relief in financial markets and the geopolitical front." Investors have remained cautious amid the geopolitical tensions, as well as concerns about Trump's ability to move ahead with his tax plans. According to CNBC, US stocks rallied on Monday after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Financial Times that Republicans could complete tax reform without including the border adjustment tax. Mnuchin added that a tax reform plan on President Donald Trump's desk before August was "highly aggressive to not realistic at this point". Gold prices rose 0.3% at $1,291.90 an ounce, while crude oil prices declined 1% to $52.65 a barrel. MarketWatch reported oil prices declined following data released Thursday (13 April) showed the 13th weekly rise in a row in the number of active US oil rigs. Treasury's benchmark 10-year yield dropped to its lowest level since 17 November before rallying to trade around 2.23%, CNBC reported. The dollar dropped 0.2% against a basket of currencies. More from IBTimes UK Customers forced off overbooked Easyjet flight at Luton airport Tesco to save over £100m in the next five years after cut in business rates Steve Wozniak: Apple, Google and Facebook will still be around and 'bigger' in 2075 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Mark Carney urges businesses to embrace Fintech Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “Employing cheaper overseas labour makes us complicit in creating underclass of unemployed Brits READ MORE Tesco to save over £100m in the next five years after cut in business rates The supermarket chain will get a £105m cut despite recording profits... Uber reports financials for the first time amid scandals, says growth outpaces losses 'We're fortunate to have a healthy and growing business,' Uber's... Britain's creative industries sector seeks greater inclusion in government's industrial strategy The sector may have a lot of economic potential for the government to... Asia: Nikkei and Sensex surge while most of Asia express dismal outlook The Hang Seng and S&P/ASX hover close to a 1% decline. Weetabix set to be bought by US cereal giant Post Holdings for £1.4bn A formal announcement of the agreement is expected when US markets... US stocks bounce following weekend tensions to close near session highs Financials helped push markets ahead, with the three major markets... Customers forced off overbooked Easyjet flight at Luton airport The low-cost airline failed to offer compensation, it emerged. Asia: Nikkei, Hang Seng, Sensex emerge robust while Shanghai, Straits Times, ASX/S&P falter The Nikkei rose by nearly 0.65% during early trading hours. China's economy 'off to a good start' after growing by 6.9% during Q1 2017 Services sector registered the largest increase of 7.7%. Property values in Britain fell by £29bn during first quarter of 2017, Zoopla says Bridport in Dorset County reported the greatest drop with a 2.06%... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News -$0.12 EPS Expected for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) This Quarter Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (OMED) Downgraded by JMP Securities SAGE Therapeutics (SAGE) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.08 Rogers Communications (RCI) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Finds Restaurant Brands International (QSR) Receives News Sentiment Rating of -0.08 Kellogg Company (K) Stake Held by Peoples Financial Services CORP. Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp (NTT) Given News Impact Rating of 0.31 Northfield Bancorp (NFBK) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.31 NXT-ID (NXTD) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Owens-Illinois (OI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Norway Savings Bank Sells 800 Shares of M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Atmos Energy (ATO) Share Price American Research & Management Co. Continues to Hold Position in Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Peoples Financial Services CORP. Has $212,000 Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Brokerages Set Xencor Inc (XNCR) Price Target at $29.33 Graybill Bartz & Assoc Ltd. Reduces Position in United Rentals, Inc. (URI) SVG Capital plc (SVI) Earns “Strong-Buy” Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Analysts Set CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Price Target at $88.43 Brokerages Set Bojangles Inc (BOJA) Price Target at $20.33 Pets at Home Group PLC (PETS) Receives GBX 232 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages -$0.12 EPS Expected for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) This Quarter April 17th, 2017 - By Teresa Graham - 0 comments Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Wall Street brokerages expect ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ:ZIOP) to report earnings per share of ($0.12) for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Three analysts have provided estimates for ZIOPHARM Oncology’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at ($0.14) and the highest estimate coming in at ($0.09). ZIOPHARM Oncology reported earnings per share of ($0.09) in the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year-over-year growth rate of 33.3%. The firm is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings report on Tuesday, May 9th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that ZIOPHARM Oncology will report full-year earnings of ($0.56) per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.78) to ($0.43). For the next year, analysts forecast that the business will post earnings of ($0.67) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.96) to ($0.45). Zacks’ earnings per share averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that that provide coverage for ZIOPHARM Oncology. Several research analysts recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research cut ZIOPHARM Oncology from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Griffin Securities reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $23.00 price target on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “hold” rating on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, one has assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. ZIOPHARM Oncology currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $10.15. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “-$0.12 EPS Expected for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) This Quarter” was originally reported by The Cerbat Gem and is owned by of The Cerbat Gem. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/17/0-12-eps-expected-for-ziopharm-oncology-inc-ziop-this-quarter.html. ZIOPHARM Oncology (NASDAQ:ZIOP) traded down 3.55% on Monday, hitting $7.07. The stock had a trading volume of 985,932 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $6.41 and a 200 day moving average of $6.12. The company’s market cap is $924.02 million. ZIOPHARM Oncology has a 12 month low of $4.45 and a 12 month high of $9.19. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Third Security LLC acquired a new stake in ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter worth approximately $51,946,000. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in ZIOPHARM Oncology during the fourth quarter worth approximately $5,556,000. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank boosted its stake in ZIOPHARM Oncology by 0.5% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 580,992 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $3,271,000 after buying an additional 2,930 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its stake in ZIOPHARM Oncology by 1.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 198,508 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $1,062,000 after buying an additional 3,699 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in ZIOPHARM Oncology by 3.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 162,585 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $915,000 after buying an additional 5,054 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 41.26% of the company’s stock. About ZIOPHARM Oncology ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company, which is seeking to develop, acquire and commercialize, on its own or with partners, a portfolio of cancer therapies that address unmet medical needs. The Company is focused on developing products in immuno-oncology that employ gene expression, control and cell technologies to deliver cell- and viral-based therapies for the treatment of cancer and graft-versus-host-disease. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on ZIOPHARM Oncology (ZIOP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Stock Ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Cloudera Sets IPO Pricing, Terms By Paul Ausick April 17, 2017 11:45 am EDT Print Email Tweet Big data software firm Cloudera on Monday filed an amended Form S-1/A with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for an initial public offering (IPO) to issue 15 million shares of common stock in an expected range of $12 to $14 a share. At the midpoint of that range, Cloudera would raise $195 million at an implied market cap of around $1.66 billion, based on 128 million shares outstanding. Underwriters for the IPO have been granted an overallotment option on an additional 2.25 million shares. Underwriters include Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, Allen, Merrill Lynch, Citi, Deutsche Bank, Stifel, JMP Securities and Raymond James. In the filing, Cloudera said that Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) has indicated an interest in acquiring up to 10% of the IPO shares. If Intel were to do so, the chipmaking giant would hold about 21% of Cloudera’s outstanding shares following the offering. Cloudera’s open source-based Hadoop data management platform plays in the same league as Hortonworks Inc. (NASDAQ: HDP) and Box Inc. (NYSE: BOX), neither of which has been able to hold onto its IPO pricing. Hortonworks is down about 60% since its 2014 IPO, and Box is down nearly 30% since its IPO, according to Barron’s. Cloudera’s valuation had declined from $30.92 per share, the amount Intel paid in 2014, to $17.85 in Cloudera’s most recent awards to employees last month. From a one-time valuation of around $4 billion to less than $2 billion is not a particularly good sign for investors. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Gas Prices Rise in 41 States, Hit $2.41 Nationwide Why HCA Holdings Stock Tumbled Monday » Read more: Technology, IPOs and Secondaries, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Poorest Town in Every State The Best (and Worst) States for Business 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Could United Airlines Earnings Ever Have Been Good Enough? Valeant, QEP Resources Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Boeing, Nike Drive DJIA Higher Monday Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Happened in the Stock Market Today Netflix, Inc. Breaks 100 Million Global Subscribers (With a Little Help From DVD Mailers) Common Stock vs. Preferred Stock United Continental shares 1% higher after company reports earnings United Continental Q1 sales $8.4 billion, in line with expectations United Continental Q1 adj. EPS 41 cents vs. expectations 38 cents Google To Move In Near Tesla's Reno Gigafactory Wal-Mart (WMT) to Buy Online Men's Fashion Retailer Bonobos 5 Top-Ranked China Stocks to Buy as Growth Surges in Q1 U.S. business group urges Washington to 'use every arrow' against China Asia stocks mixed, dollar subdued amid North Korea concerns Netflix shares head for new high after strong subscriber outlook Most major Western leaders to skip China's New Silk Road summit INCJ looking at Toshiba chip unit auction; didn't bid in first round Supreme Court Mulls Time Bars For SEC Recovery of Ill-Gotten Profits Mike Huckabee Just Spent A Morning Yelling At Comcast On Twitter Report: Paul Manafort Now Advising Chinese Billionaire On Trump Infrastructure Contracts Cleveland Killing Prompts Facebook To Review Handling Of Violent Posts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics BAC IBM Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Netflix (NFLX) beats Q1 earnings estimates; subscribers fall short >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Why Dish Network Corp (DISH), Snyder’s-Lance Inc (LNCE) and Incyte Corporation (INCY) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks LNCE, DISH and INCY stock got the new trading week started on the wrong foot By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Apr 17, 2017, 4:47 pm EDT     Popular Posts: 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever United Continental Won’t Pay for Its All-Time PR Fail (UAL) Don’t Buy Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Because of the NFL, But … Recent Posts: Why Dish Network Corp (DISH), Snyder’s-Lance Inc (LNCE) and Incyte Corporation (INCY) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Bank of America Corp (BAC) Q1 Earnings Preview Why Wells Fargo & Co (WFC), United States Steel Corporation (X) and Infosys Ltd ADR (INFY) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks View All Posts While stocks may have ended last week’s holiday-shortened trading on a low note, the three-day weekend gave traders a chance to forget about their concerns and get back on their bullish horse. The S&P 500 ended Monday at 2,349.01, up 0.86%. It wasn’t a glorious resumption of trading activity for all names though. Snyder’s-Lance Inc (NASDAQ:LNCE), Dish Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) and Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY) couldn’t win for losing today. Here’s a look at what upended each stock. Incyte Corporation (INCY) It may not have been a fatal smack-down on soul-crushing news for Incyte Corporation shareholders on Monday, but the 10.5% setback INCY suffered clearly says traders are worried about what the announcement could mean. On Monday, Incyte announced that an arthritis drug it and Eli Lilly and Co (NYSE:LLY) were co-developing was not approved by the Food and Drug Administration. While the government’s pharmaceutical regulator didn’t outright reject baricitinib, it is delaying its potential approval until more clinical trials can pinpoint the correct dosage needed to make the drug effective but also safe to use. BMO Capital Markets believes the FDA’s response will add an additional three years worth of development time for baricitinib, which some say could have driven as much as $1 billion worth of revenue by 2020. In addition to the sizeable setback suffered by INCY, LLY shares fell 4.1% on the news. Dish Network Corp (DISH) If Dish Network was a potential acquisition target before today, it’s less of one now. That’s the consensus market opinion surrounding the stock today, if the 5.7% plunge DISH made today is any indication. The stock took that hit in the wake of reports from JPMorgan that it purchased roughly 18 megahertz worth of spectrum at the Federal Communications Commission’s most recent auction of licensed radio frequencies. All told, the company spent $6.2 billion on spectrum, far exceeding investor expectations. DISH had been pegged as a buyout target in the midst of a wave of mergers and acquisition between telecom and media companies. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) had even been explicitly named as a possible suitor. That seems less likely to JPMorgan analyst Philip Cusick now, though, with the cost/liability of a deal going up by that amount. Snyder’s-Lance Inc (LNCE) Finally, snack food company Snyder’s-Lance — the name behind Tom’s snacks, Kettle Chips, Pop-Secret and more — warned LNCE shareholders today that 2017’s per-share profit would only roll in somewhere between $1.05 and $1.20 per share. Previous guidance had suggested income for this year would be between $1.32 and $1.42 per share of LNCE. Fanning the bearish flames that cooked Snyder’s-Lance was the sudden and unexpected exit of CEO of Carl Lee Jr., who is now officially retired. His step-down appears amicable, though the fact that Brian Driscoll has only been named as interim CEO suggests the move isn’t one that has been planned for a while. With shareholders understandably presuming the disruption could be an indication of trouble ahead, LNCE ended the day down 15.4%. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/why-dish-network-corp-dish-snyders-lance-inc-lnce-and-incyte-corporation-incy-are-3-of-todays-worst-stocks/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Top Emerging Markets Stocks Is BofA Stock Still a Good Opportunity? NFLX Earnings Beat Is a Purgatory Sentence 5 Tech Stocks for Growth AND Dividends Should You Buy Tesla? 3 Pros, 3 Cons iPhone 8 Supercycle or Bust? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks to Buy for Growth AND Dividends 7 Top Emerging Markets Stocks to Buy Now 3 High-Yield BDCs With Excellent Dividend Coverage Monday Apple Rumors: Possible iPhone 8 Design Leaks Is Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Still a Good Opportunity? Most Popular 5 Beaten-Up Stocks That Won’t Stay Down for Long 3 High-Profit Stocks to Buy on Consumer Confidence  7 Energy Stocks That Will Turn 2017 on Its Head The 11 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy 7 High-Yield Stocks That Could Wreck Your Retirement 10 Hopeless Stocks to Wash From Your Portfolio Forever Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Parker Drilling Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker Drilling Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) PT at $54.08 Analysts Set Basic Energy Services, Inc. (BAS) PT at $1.75 Analysts Set C R Bard Inc (BCR) Target Price at $246.33 Micro Focus International plc (MCRO) Receives GBX 2,230.88 Average PT from Analysts Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Receives $2.95 Average Price Target from Analysts Favorable Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Brookfield Property Partners (BPY) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact B&G Foods (BGS) Share Price Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Broadcom (BRCM) Receiving Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Finds Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Cuts Stake in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Cwm LLC Has $32.268 Million Position in C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Buys 8,600 Shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Position Cut by Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Guggenheim Begins Coverage on Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Shares Sold by Cwm LLC Cwm LLC Sells 252,238 Shares of Knowles Corp (KN) ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Stake Increased by Juncture Wealth Strategies LLC Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc (ALDR) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.95 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Carnival Corp (CCL) Will Post Earnings of $0.47 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Receives $2.95 Average Price Target from Analysts April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD) have been assigned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the eight brokerages that are presently covering the firm. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, one has issued a hold recommendation and six have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month price objective among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $2.95. A number of research firms have issued reports on PKD. Tudor Pickering upgraded shares of Parker Drilling Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Parker Drilling Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $2.25 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. In related news, Director Peter Thomas Fontana bought 160,000 shares of Parker Drilling Company stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 24th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $1.90 per share, for a total transaction of $304,000.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 168,021 shares in the company, valued at $319,239.90. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. 3.68% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in PKD. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Parker Drilling Company by 1,347.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 3,132,110 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,143,000 after buying an additional 2,915,700 shares during the last quarter. Towle & Co. boosted its stake in Parker Drilling Company by 13.8% in the third quarter. Towle & Co. now owns 8,351,019 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,122,000 after buying an additional 1,010,650 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Parker Drilling Company by 35.7% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 1,293,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,363,000 after buying an additional 339,900 shares during the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its stake in Parker Drilling Company by 1,197.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 327,089 shares of the company’s stock valued at $850,000 after buying an additional 301,871 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Parker Drilling Company by 8.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,379,683 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,164,000 after buying an additional 182,181 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 64.07% of the company’s stock. Shares of Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD) traded down 3.03% during trading on Friday, hitting $1.60. The stock had a trading volume of 987,567 shares. The stock’s market cap is $199.73 million. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $1.71 and its 200 day moving average price is $2.20. Parker Drilling Company has a one year low of $1.35 and a one year high of $3.16. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Receives $2.95 Average Price Target from Analysts” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/parker-drilling-company-pkd-receives-2-95-average-price-target-from-analysts.html. About Parker Drilling Company Parker Drilling Company (Parker Drilling) is a provider of contract drilling, and drilling-related services and rental tools and services. The Company’s business consists of two business lines: drilling services and rental tools services. Its Rental Tools Services business includes U.S. Rental Tools and International Rental Tools segments, and its Drilling Services business includes its U.S. Receive News & Ratings for Parker Drilling Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker Drilling Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,637 +183.67 +0.90% Nasdaq 5,857 +51.64 +0.89% S&P 500 2,349 +20.06 +0.86% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens higher by 0.2% at 12,134.55 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens higher by 0.2% at 12,134.55 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,072.39 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.3% at 7,310.45 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.98 2:47 A.M. ET What satellite images reveal about China’s economy 2:35 A.M. ET H&M sales rise 6% in March as Easter comes late 2:34 A.M. ET South32 drops plan to buy Peabody mine 2:33 A.M. ET PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid 1:24 A.M. ET Oil steady as market takes wait-and-see approach 12:52 A.M. ET China foreign-direct investment falls 48.8% 12:52 A.M. ET China new home prices up 10.3% YOY in March 4/17 Asian markets off to slow start after holiday weekend 4/17 Sales boost ZTE's net profit by 27.8% in Q1 4/17 Trump to sign ‘Buy American, Hire American’ executive orders 4/17 Updated Turkish markets rally, but strategists say gains may be fleeting 4/17 Updated Election-battered Mexican peso is now on the verge of a bull market 4/17 Updated Why U.S. oil production isn’t done rising 4/17 Updated Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ 4/17 Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Economy & Politics Tim Mullaney Get email alerts Opinion: The data show the ‘Trump bump’ is dead By Tim Mullaney Published: Apr 17, 2017 1:25 p.m. ET Share First-quarter GDP growth is now expected to be just 0.5% ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images By TimMullaney Writer You have to hand it to Maria Bartiromo: Unlike the markets, at least the Fox Business host didn’t laugh in Donald Trump’s face last week. The 45th President of the United States sat down to tell Bartiromo the inside version of how he told Chinese President Xi Jinping over “the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake” about his decision to bomb Iraq. You read that right: Iraq. “Syria,’’ Bartiromo said gently. Yes, Syria, Trump responded gratefully enough, while assuring Bartiromo and other interlocutors that the U.S. wouldn’t put ground troops in Syria (it already has), that Hillary Clinton should be on trial about now for non-crimes of e-mail security, and how he still might fire FBI director James Comey, who’s investigating whether Trump’s team was really dumb (and treasonous) to hatch a pre-election disinformation campaign with Russian intelligence. And the administration did 180-degree turns on tax policy, health care, trade and more, the better to complement its 180-degree turn on Iraq, um, Syria and the latter’s patron, Russian strongman Vladimir Putin. No wonder the “Trump Bump” is over, buried like cavebound ISIS fighters facing the mother of all bombs. Make no mistake, the week’s news showed clearly that it’s really over. Because back on Wall Street, financial stocks slipped into minus territory for the year, even as bellwether/behemoth J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.73% reported better-than-expected earnings wrung from little to no loan growth, belying the surge of animal spirits Trump tweets about. The S&P 500 SPX, +0.86%   has now lost nearly half of its 7% early-2017 gain in the last month. Exchange-traded funds betting on stock buybacks continued to underperform the S&P for the year, reflecting skepticism that Trump can pull off a tax bill that rains hundreds of billions of dollars on share repurchases. And yields on 10-year Treasurys TMUBMUSD10Y, -0.16%   hit 2.23%, down 8.8% this year as it dawns that the Federal Reserve’s bullishness about accelerating expansion was premature. Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana(2:50) Recreational cannabis is a $6 billion industry that is projected to reach $50 billion in legal annual sales by 2026. Here's what you need to know if you're thinking of investing in marijuana. From Main Street came news that both consumer prices and retail sales fell last month — and, as Center for Budget and Policy Priorities economist Jared Bernstein points out, slowing after-inflation pay gains for non-supervisory workers. Just like the lack of borrowing, this reflects more unwillingness by a key Trump constituency — employers, especially at small businesses — to back words with deeds. Read: Empire State manufacturing index slows sharply in April One result: The Atlanta Fed’s NowCast says first-quarter gross-domestic product growth will only hit a 0.5% annual rate. Read: How the Fed will read the soft CPI and retail sales reports And, from Washington, came Joe Scarborough praising a new Trump White House, one with adults in charge, because elderly D.C. doyens like Bob Woodward and David Ignatius declared it to be thus. A prospective shooting war with North Korea may loom, but at least Trump stopped spouting right-wing fantasies about Chinese currency manipulation and figured out that business likes the Export-Import Bank, the Beltway logic goes. You can’t make this particular contrast up. Viewed from outside the Beltway, it’s hard to overstate the chaos Trump is sowing. Budget Director Mick Mulvaney told CNBC.com the administration plans to cut taxes without regard to the budget deficit. Mulvaney also noted House Republicans want to phase out Medicare in favor of vouchers, a position Mulvaney voted for six times when he was in the House —- though he said Trump may or may not go along. The administration says it might restructure the nearly 40% of the federal budget that goes to Medicare and Social Security. Plus, we learned, the administration is so adrift in its search for a tax cut that can pass Congress it is considering eliminating the payroll tax as a sop to workers. The logic is that it justifies raining more money on the 1%, who would also get nearly all of the $275 billion in tax cuts from Obamacare repeal. All the payroll tax pays for is Social Security; Trump’s coal miners are sure to think gutting Social Security is groovy for blue-collar workers. So, the administration says it might restructure the nearly 40% of the federal budget that goes to Medicare and Social Security, while upending the retirement plan of literally everyone you know. All to free up money for...stock buybacks? The public isn’t focused on it yet, so the opposition that sank George W. Bush’s more modest Social Security retrenchment plan hasn’t coalesced yet — but it’ll be yuuge. Plus, initial measurements of first-quarter economic growth are likely to come in below a 1% annual rate, according to the Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank. And the debt ceiling has to be raised by the end of this month, while the GOP doesn’t obviously have the votes to do it and Democrats have been given no reason to help the president govern when his own coalition won’t. This is what Washington considers progress in our president. The markets, as they often are, are a step ahead. More from MarketWatch: U.S. defense stocks easily outperform the broader market How the Trump stock market ranks nearing his 100th day in office 5 ways to profit from ‘Trump Trade 2.0’ Quote References JPM +1.46 +1.73% SPX +20.06 +0.86% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.00 -0.16% Most Popular Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ What satellite images reveal about China’s economy Here’s how the U.S. got to $20 trillion in debt How your mind can make you fat Tim Mullaney Tim Mullaney is a commentary writer who covers the economy and corporate news. MarketWatch Partner Center Tim Mullaney Tim Mullaney is a commentary writer who covers the economy and corporate news. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.86 +1.46 (+1.73%) Volume 18.6M Open $84.44 High $86.08 Low $84.37 P/E Ratio 13.23 Div Yield 2.33 Market Cap 300.3B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,349.01 +20.06 (+0.86%) Volume 1.6B Open 2,333 High 2,349 Low 2,333 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.25% +0.00 (-0.16%) Volume 0 Open 2.25% High 2.26% Low 2.24% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Axovant Sciences Ltd. Announces Closing of Public Offering and Exercise in Full of the Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Common Shares BASEL, Switzerland, April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Axovant Sciences Ltd. (NYSE: AXON) („Axovant”), a leading clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of dementia, today announced the closing of its underwritten public offering of 7,753,505 of its common shares at a price to the public of $18.54 per common share, including 1,011,326 common shares sold pursuant to the underwriters’ exercise in full of their option to purchase additional common shares. Gross proceeds to Axovant from the offering were approximately $143.7 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley and Jefferies acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. JMP Securities, Baird and H.C. Wainwright & Co. acted as co-managers. A shelf registration statement relating to the offered common shares was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and was declared effective on January 13, 2017. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SEC’s website, located at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014; or Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10022, telephone: (212) 336-7460, e-mail: Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com. This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities, and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation, or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale is unlawful. About Axovant Axovant Sciences is a leading clinical-stage neurology company focused on the treatment of dementia and related neurological disorders. Axovant is developing a pipeline of product candidates to comprehensively address the cognitive, functional, and behavioral aspects of dementia. Our vision is to become the leading company focused on the treatment of dementia by broadly addressing multiple forms of this condition through developing innovative new medicines for patients. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/axovant-sciences-ltd-announces-closing-of-public-offering-and-exercise-in-full-of-the-underwriters-option-to-purchase-additional-common-shares-300440379.html SOURCE Axovant Sciences Ltd. Related Links http://www.axovant.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United Airlines Reports First-Quarter 2017 Performance Next PostNext Mosaic Announces 2017 First Quarter Earnings Release And Conference Call Search Recent Posts Registration for 2017 Summer Adult Softball is Open Garda World Security Corporation Commences Cash Tender Offer for its Outstanding Senior Notes due 2021 Pursuant to the Change of Control Provisions of the Related Indenture Librestream and RealWear Partner on Hands-Free Virtual Presence for Enterprises Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust Announces April 2017 Distribution Harvest Portfolios Group Inc. Announces Adjournment of Unitholder Meeting Proudly powered by WordPress
X Welcome to Market Realist Thank you for registering. < Global ETF Analysis Global Equity ETFs , Exchanged Traded Funds , European Equity ETFs , Emerging Markets , Country ETFs Income ETF Analysis Real Estate Investment Trusts , Master Limited Partnerships , Fixed Income ETFs Sector Analysis Basic Materials , Consumer Discretionary , Consumer Staples , Energy and Power , Financials , Healthcare , Industrials , Real Estate , Tech, Media, and Telecom , Utilities Active Management Mutual Funds , Hedge Funds , Closed-end Funds Profile Login , About About Us search Home Research Research Coverage Global ETF Analysis Fixed Income ETFs Global Equity ETFs US Equity ETFs US Index ETFs Income ETF Analysis Master Limited Partnerships Real Estate Investment Trusts Commodity ETFs Sector Analysis Basic Materials Consumer Discretionary Consumer Staples Earnings Overview Energy and Power Financials Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Tech, Media, and Telecom Active Management Closed-End Funds Hedge Funds Mutual Funds Featured Themes Generic Pharma Research Type Earnings Reports Post-Release Earnings Reports Pre-Release Earnings Reports Wall Street Ratings Price Movement Observations M&A and Event Driven Company News, Insights and Analysis Industry and Company Overviews Company Overviews Industry Overviews Fund Analysis Active Management: Mutual Funds, Closed-End Funds, Hedge Funds Passive Management: Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) Macroeconomic Analysis Geopolitical Issues Commodities Partner Insights Tools Portfolio Manager Email alerts About Login Sign Up Citigroup's Q1: Investment Banking, Trading Helped Expansion PART: 1 2 3 4 5 Part 5 Citigroup's Q1: Investment Banking, Trading Helped Expansion PART 5 OF 5 How Citigroup Is Targeting Improved Efficiency in 2017 By Robert Karr  | Apr 17, 2017 11:14 am EDT Citigroup’s expenses and margins Controlling overhead expenses has been imperative for US commercial banks (XLF) like JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), Wells Fargo (WFC), and Citigroup (C) in order to improve margins amid a volatile but positive macro environment. Wall Street (SPX-INDEX)(SPY) analysts keep a close eye on banks’ efficiency ratios. The efficiency ratio measures non-interest expenses as a percentage of net revenue. The lower the ratio, the better from a profitability perspective. Interested in C? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on C Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile. For Citigroup, the efficiency ratio was flat at 58% in 1Q17 compared to 59% in the previous quarter and 60% in 1Q16, reflecting lower operating expenses. The company’s operating expenses remained unchanged at $10.5 billion. On a constant-dollar basis, expenses rose 1%, mainly due to performance-related compensation and higher business volumes, partially offset by lower repositioning costs. Targeting efficiency Citigroup is focusing on its core commercial and investment banking business in a bid to improve efficiency. The bank recently exited its Citi Holdings business and offloaded its legacy assets to improve adequacy and efficiency. The bank is also considering the closure of less profitable branches and reducing employee expenses. However, it has seen rising credit costs to $2.0 billion in 1Q17, growth of 19% on a year-over-year basis, mainly due to higher reserves and higher net credit losses. Financials Performance {"metrics":["Open"],"tickers":["XLF","C","JPM","SPY","WFC"],"ticker_names":{"0":"Financial Select Sector SPDR (ETF)","1":"Citigroup Inc.","2":"JPMorgan Chase & Co.","4":"SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust","5":"Wells Fargo & Company"}} X Please select a profession that best describes you: Individual Investor Business Executive Wirehouse Financial Advisor RIA Institutional Investor For Market Realist updates, enter your email below Submit Thank you! Democratizing investment management Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Grab our RSS Feed Contact us • About us • Terms • Privacy • © 2017 Market Realist, Inc. Quote data by Xignite Follow us on Twitter
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Real Estate exclusive Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Daniel Boulud to open a massive restaurant next to Grand Central By Steve Cuozzo View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 17, 2017 | 3:05pm | Updated April 17, 2017 | 5:08pm Modal Trigger Courtesy SL Green More On: daniel boulud Celeb chef hit with $1.3M fine for serving metal wire in dinner Celeb chef says he has no idea how metal wire ended up in chicken dish Hot dog ice cream is exactly what it sounds like Sorry, Estela is not one of the world's best restaurants Bonjour, 42nd Street! Marking a culinary and commercial-property coup, Daniel Boulud will launch a large restaurant at One Vanderbilt, SL Green’s 1,400-foot-tall skyscraper now rising next to Grand Central Terminal. The planned, 11,000 square-foot venue adds instant additional cachet to the 1.7 million square-foot office tower that’s scheduled to open by 2020. Thus far, just one tenant, TD Bank, has signed for 200,000 square feet on the Midtown tower. Boulud’s name lends the KPF-designed project the glamour of a famed, New York-based superchef as SL Green talks to firms that are considering moving there — JP Morgan Chase among them. One Vanderbilt is the latest Midtown office tower to sign up an A-list restaurateur. For example: * The Four Seasons, uprooted from Aby Rosen’s Seagram Building, will reopen soon at SL Green’s 280 Park Ave. The Mario Carbone-Rich Torrisi-Jeff Zalaznick team is debuting its Pool and Grill venues at Seagram. * Eleven Madison Park’s Will Guidara and Daniel Humm are coming to L&L Holding Company’s all-new 425 Park Ave. Boulud’s restaurant will be on One Vanderbilt’s second floor and overlook the corner of Vanderbilt Avenue and East 42d Street. “It’s a unique space,” Boulud said, that will boast a 110 foot-high ceiling at the ground-floor entrance and a bar that will seem to be “floating in space.” The ground-floor area will feature a branch of Epicerie Boulud, the high-end grab-and-go spot that Boulud has at the World Trade Center and near Lincoln Center. The deal is not a conventional lease but a partnership in which Boulud will invest, according to both Boulud and SL Green CEO Marc Holliday. “We have many top restaurants in our portfolio, including Eleven Madison Park at 11 Madison Avenue,” Holliday said. “But if there’s a departure here, it’s that we are actually partnering with Daniel — something we haven’t done before.” The new Four Seasons, for example, has a straight lease at 280 Park Ave. The Boulud restaurant buildout cost isn’t known, but any price will be peanuts compared with One Vanderbilt’s $3.14 billion development cost. “We will put up the majority of the money for the project, but Daniel will put in some of his own as well,” Holliday said. “Daniel’s company, Dinex Group, will manage and run the restaurant,” he added. “We” means the tower’s owners — SL Green and South Korea Pension Services, which bought a 27 percent interest last year, and Hines, which has 1.4 percent. Boulud has restaurants in hotels but not previously in an office tower. “Marc Holliday has been wonderful,” Boulud said. “We talked to them for a long time. We feel good together and I’m excited about this.” A designer has yet to be chosen. The eatery will have 100-plus seats in the dining room plus 50 more for private events, Boulud said. Will it be French or French inspired, like his other New York places? “It will be a fine restaurant,” Boulud said but declined to discuss it beyond that — other than to say with a laugh, “It will not be Italian.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under daniel boulud ,  grand central station ,  grand central terminal ,  one vanderbilt ,  sl green realty corp. Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next For $50M, you can own the last of Manhattan’s Gilded Age... Read Next For $50M, you can own the last of Manhattan’s Gilded Age... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 63,849 New clue emerges on Facebook killer's whereabouts 35,617 Facebook killer may be on the loose in another state 23,633 Clinton apologized to Obama on election night 20,853 Diabolical parents blasted for cruel pranks that make their kids cry Real Estate News ‘Crime Dog’ Fred McGriff Chomps Off Half the Price of Tampa Mansion Is Angelina Jolie Ready for Her Close-Up in $25M Cecil B. DeMille Estate? Ne-Yo Spends $2M on a Smart Home in Sherman Oaks No Need to Watch Your Head at Gheorghe Muresan’s Potomac Mansion New Ravens Running Back Danny Woodhead Sells San Diego Home More from Realtor.com Now On Ira Glass files for divorce from wife of 16 years Bruce Springsteen’s daughter impresses in riding competition Janet Jackson’s creative director speaks out about her split SEE ALL More Stories page six Knicks legend's home about to hit the market for almost $20M Now On Decider 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera nypost New clue emerges on Facebook killer's whereabouts New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Bank of America Earnings: BAC Looks to Shake Off the Bears Kyle Woodley U.S.News & World Report April 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share If you ask Bank of America Corp (ticker: BAC) shareholders how they feel about the past half-year or so, you're sure to get an answer that can only be described as "hedged happiness." After all, BAC stock has run up some 35 percent since the November presidential election, running circles around the Standard & Poor's 500 index, which is up 12 percent since then. But the dual narrative of President Donald Trump's anti-regulation regime and Federal Reserve interest-rate hikes sending Bank of America to the moon hasn't quite materialized -- at least not nearly enough to match months' worth of hype. Bank of America, as a result, finds itself entering its first-quarter earnings report in a double-digit slide since its early March highs that has eaten all but 1 percent of its gains in 2017, versus a respectable 4 percent performance by the broader market. The question now is: What can BAC do to rekindle the kinds of go-go gains it earned in the "Trump Bump"? [See: 11 Ways to Buy Bank Stocks.] The headline numbers: Wall Street has some pretty optimistic views of what Bank of America will bring to the table for Tuesday's first-quarter earnings report. Revenues are expected to expand 9.6 percent from last year's quarter to $21.6 billion, while earnings should sprout by 25 percent to 35 cents per share. A beat should be ... well, money in the bank. BAC has posted earnings beats for seven consecutive quarters, so it's managing expectations well on its own. But Wall Street also appears to have laid down a low bar for big-bank earnings this quarter. Citigroup ( C) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. ( JPM) beat first-quarter estimates by roughly 9 percent, and even beleaguered Wells Fargo & Co. ( WFC) managed to come in 3 percent ahead of the consensus mark. The flip side? Those three performances, all released last Thursday morning, were wasted as the U.S. dropped the "mother of all bombs" on Afghanistan in a strike against ISIS, sending markets (including bank stocks) into reverse. Bank of America's secret Is out: Citigroup analyst Keith Horowitz articulated the biggest problem for BAC shares going forward in an April 4 note: "Since the election, BAC has outperformed and has substantially closed that gap with JPM. ... We believe that the benefit of higher rates, the potential post-election improvement in regulatory and economic outlook are reflected in the current valuation. We continue to believe the group is fully valued. So, we do not see a lot left to play for." Horowitz wrote this in conjunction with a downgrade to BAC shares from "buy" to "neutral." Bank of America's valuation metrics really don't stand out at first glance. It's trading at roughly 15 times trailing earnings and at less than 10 times forward earnings, versus about 24 and 18, respectively, for the S&P 500. Meanwhile, BAC stock trades at a slight discount to book, whereas JPM and WFC command premiums at the moment. But everything is relative, and so it goes with Bank of America. Its price-to-book of 0.93, while attractive in a bubble, is less than where it traded a few weeks ago, but also still higher than at any other point since prices were tumbling in the 2008-09 bear market. That's not to say BofA shares couldn't keep rising despite lofty (by its own standards) valuations, but the story is out and well-worn: Everyone knows that BAC and most other banking stocks will benefit from any Trump action against Dodd-Frank and other financial regulations, and everyone knows that Fed interest-rate increases will help the cause, too -- in Bank of America's case, a 25-basis-point rate hike can generate $600 million in additional profits per quarter. Wall Street was happy to buy the rumor from early November through mid-December. But twice now -- after December's rate hike, then after March's rate hike -- investors have sold the news. A second hope. Bank of America still looks like a coin flip heading into Tuesday's earnings. Yes, expectations are high and investors have been almost cynical in selling off any piece of actual, hard news that paints BofA in a good light. However, investors were mostly encouraged by the results of the other three banks -- it was news of America's military actions that shook the morning's gains apart. Also, just last week, Trump began to rattle the Dodd-Frank saber again, promising to knock down the law and other financial regulations. And while BAC's valuation isn't stellar, it has become more appealing -- compared to many of its mega-cap compatriots -- in the wake of its double-digit cool-off. [See: 7 of the Best Bank Stocks to Buy in 2017.] While it might not be the surest bet, there are enough factors in play that a particularly strong report could spark a wave of renewed optimism in Bank of America. But this one needs to be a whopper. More Earnings in Focus Netflix (NFLX). Lofty earnings expectations for Netflix's first quarter could be the undoing of what has been a strong 2017. Analysts expect revenues to explode by 34.9 percent, and earnings are slated to leap from just 6 cents per share to 37 cents. A significant beat of those expectations Monday after the bell could help NFLX extend its 15 percent year-to-date run, but it'll take some doing. Baird's William Power highlighted the inherent difficulty Netflix will have, saying in a recent note that "Our quarterly U.S. subscriber survey suggests potentially weak Q1 U.S. results, though we acknowledge strong international results, which is the bigger current investor focus, may trump U.S. weakness. However, with expectations for a strong overall quarter already high, we'd still be cautious into Q1 results." International Business Machines Corp. (IBM). If you want to celebrate IBM's earnings report Tuesday after the bell, break out some fine China, as IBM is expected to deliver its 20th consecutive quarter of revenue declines. Wall Street's expectations for this quarter can best be described as "meh," with analysts projecting flat earnings on a 1.6 percent decline in the top line. Berenberg analysts, however, aren't downright bearish, rating IBM stock a "sell." They wrote: "We believe that the structural challenges facing IBM are significant and that its turnaround strategy is not decisive or clear enough." This Week's Earnings Calendar Monday. United Continental Holdings ( UAL) Tuesday. Goldman Sachs Group ( GS), Harley-Davidson ( HOG), Intuitive Surgical ( ISRG), Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ), UnitedHealth Group ( UNH), Yahoo ( YHOO) Wednesday. Abbott Laboratories ( ABT), American Express Co. ( AXP), BlackRock ( BLK), eBay ( EBAY), Kinder Morgan ( KMI), Las Vegas Sands Corp. ( LVS), Morgan Stanley ( MS), Qualcomm ( QCOM), U.S. Bancorp ( USB) Thursday. Dish Network Corp. ( DISH), DR Horton ( DHI), Mattel ( MAT), Philip Morris International ( PM), Sherwin-Williams Co. ( SHW), Travelers Cos. ( TRV), Verizon Communications ( VZ), Visa ( V) [See: 10 ETFs to Buy For Aggressive Growth.] Friday. General Electric Co. ( GE), Schlumberger ( SLB), Stanley Black & Decker ( SWK) Kyle Woodley is managing editor of InvestorPlace.com. He specializes in (and prefers investing in) exchange-traded funds. In addition to InvestorPlace and U.S. News & World Report, his work has appeared on MSN, Nasdaq and Yahoo Finance. Investing is his second love, with Ohio sports teams as his first. Naturally, this has warped his general perception of love, sparking (among other things) an unnatural affection for the Haddaway hit, "What Is Love?" Follow him on Twitter. Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Michelle Obama Officially Lets Her Hair Down 10846 reactions7%66%27% Abandoned “Hollywood in the Desert” 10 reactions13%67%20% Okla. Woman Gets Life for Dressing as a Witch to Terrorize Her 7-Year-Old Granddaughter 846 reactions5%59%36% Kate Upton Crawls In a Schoolgirl Outfit While Doing Britney on ‘Lip Sync Battle’ (Video) 365 reactions5%80%15% Trump family kicks off White House Easter Egg Roll 176 reactions7%70%23% Singer Meghan Linsey explains horrific venomous spider bite on her face Catch this recent episode of ABC Nightline MIT expert claims latest chemical weapons attack in Syria was staged 7199 reactions3%68%29% Lil Wayne’s Daughter Slays in Prom Dress Inspired by Kylie Jenner 1917 reactions5%66%29% Daughter of man gunned down in Facebook video: 'I saw the fear in my father's eyes' 868 reactions8%57%35% Trump salutes the Easter Bunny and more: April 17 in photos 176 reactions5%76%19% Prince Harry says he shut down his emotions after losing his mother 1 reactions Democrat Has Trump Worried in Georgia Special Election 6 reactions0%80%20% Gorsuch dives into the fray at first Supreme Court arguments 2294 reactions6%72%22% 'We Don't Know Where He Is': Five States on Alert After Alleged Facebook Killer Promised More Deaths 942 reactions4%71%25% Mom Fat-Shamed at Target Speaks Out on Postpartum Pressure 2624 reactions4%62%34% Trump to sign new executive order taking on H-1B visa programme and outsourcing sphynx: Once again, Trump shows his profound lack of understanding that immigration promotes innovation that benefits American jobs. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 28
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,349.01 +20.06 (+0.86%) Dow 30 20,636.92 +183.67 (+0.90%) Nasdaq 5,856.79 +51.64 (+0.89%) Chinese Stocks Drift Higher on Impressive GDP Growth Wayne Duggan U.S.News & World Report April 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share China kicked off 2017 with its strongest economic growth since 2015. Over the weekend, China reported 6.9 percent GDP growth in the first quarter, news that has U.S.-listed Chinese stocks trading higher on Monday morning. China's 6.9 percent first-quarter growth topped analyst expectations for 6.8 percent growth and came in well ahead of President Xi Jinping's long-term goal of 6.5 percent growth. A strong Chinese economy is good news for major Chinese companies Alibaba Group Holding (ticker: BABA), Baidu ( BIDU) and JD.com ( JD). All three stocks opened up the week trading modestly higher. [See: 13 Stocks to Buy to Bet on China.] "China, at least in the near term, is in a sweet spot with growth momentum strong and inflation pressures easing," says Rob Subbaraman, Nomura Holdings chief economist for Asia. "Whichever way you dice it, the first quarter was a strong set of numbers." China's fast start to 2017 has Wall Street taking notice. JPMorgan Chase economist Zhu Haibin raised the firm's full-year economic growth projections for China from 6.6 percent to 6.7 percent. Nomura analyst Yang Zhao also raised full-year growth estimates from 6.5 percent to 6.7 percent. Chinese industrial production growth reached 7.6 percent in the month of March, its highest level since late 2014. Retail sales also topped expectations in the first quarter. Some U.S. economists have questioned the validity of China's economic numbers. J Capital analyst Anne Stevenson-Yang says China inflated GDP growth numbers by as much as 0.4 percent in 2016. "The motive to do so is apparent in the twin needs to shore up the currency and promote inbound investment," Stephenson-Yang said last year. China's government controls the nation's largest banks and a handful of its largest companies. The government has also been aggressively investing in infrastructure projects such as building new roads and rail lines. [See: 10 Ways to Play in the Asia-Pacific Stocks Pool.] Since 2015, China's economic growth has been remarkably consistent. In the past 11 quarters, China has reported year-over-year GDP growth between 6.7 percent and 7.2 percent. From 2005 to 2010, China's GDP growth fluctuated in a much larger range from above 14.0 percent to about 6.2 percent. More From US News & World Report Chinese ETFs: 9 Ways to Play the Middle Kingdom 6 Things to Know About Mark Zuckerberg's Manifesto The 25 Best Blue-Chip Stocks to Buy for 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Russia and China are reportedly tailing U.S. warships en route to North Korea Newsweek How North Korea's Existence Depends on China's Economic Support Fox Business ‘Fate of the Furious’ Leaves Box-Office Competitors in the Dust Bloomberg Changing Trump views toward Russia, China worry some allies Associated Press The US Plan to Neutralize North Korea Doesn’t Involve the Military The Fiscal Times Scientists have invented a dryer that can dry clothes in half the time without heat Business Insider Trump order would target high-skilled worker visa program Associated Press Trump takes on outsourcing with new executive order Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, April 18 Yahoo Finance Video Netflix: Why our subscriber growth rates were disappointing Yahoo Finance Here's how much the average family in their 40s has saved for retirement CNBC US Marines in Japan are pushing the F-35 to the limit Business Insider Mark Zuckerberg kicks off F8 Conference live on Yahoo Finance Yahoo Finance Money Basics: What Are Stocks? Yahoo Finance Video BUFFETT: Free trade hurts some people, but we should embrace it Yahoo Finance Former White House official slams Obama: ‘I think he left a more dangerous world’ Business Insider Trump to sign new executive order taking on H-1B visa programme and outsourcing sphynx: Once again, Trump shows his profound lack of understanding that immigration promotes innovation that benefits American jobs. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 28
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Hot Leveraged Sector ETFs Todd Shriber, ETF Professor , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 17, 2017 1:16pm   Comments Share: Related Time To Buy? Platinum Not Worth Its Weight In Gold Jeff Kilburg Is Bullish On Gold Related NUGT Donald Trump: U.S. Dollar Is 'Too Strong' Gold Hits Highest Level In 3 Months Last week was a holiday-shortened trading week for U.S. markets, but that didn't make it any less of an eventful week. Between the unofficial kick off of earnings season, the U.S. dropping the "mother of all bombs" on Syria, and the United Continental Holdings Inc (NYSE: UAL) PR fiascos, traders had no shortage of news to trade. Here were the hottest leveraged sector ETFs that traders took advantage of last week. Financials Bank earnings were a driver of leveraged ETFs last week, a theme that should linger into this week as more banks report. Last Thursday, Dow component J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) delivered a first-quarter EPS of $1.65 (vs. a $1.52 estimate) along with revenue of $25.59 billion (vs. a $24.9 billion estimate.) This marks its sixth consecutive quarter for EPS and revenue beats. Traders looking to profit from moves in bank stocks this week and have some familiar names to turn to this earnings season namely the Direxion Daily Financial Bull 3X Shares (NYSE: FAS) and the Direxion Daily Financial Bear 3X Shares (NYSE: FAZ) ETFs. Last week, FAS slid more than 5 percent while FAZ, the triple-leveraged bearish bank ETF, jumped 4.5 percent. Gold Amid fears of increased geopolitical volatility, gold prices rose last week, taking miners and the related ETFs along for the ride. Already the best-performing member of Direxion's stable of triple-leveraged bullish ETFs this month, the Direxion Daily Gold Miners Index Bull 3X Shares (NYSE: NUGT) jumped 10 percent last week. NUGT's small-cap counterpart, the Direxion Daily Junior Gold Miners Index Bull 3X Shares (NYSE: JNUG), slid 6.6 percent last week. Technology Previewing some leveraged sector ETF ideas for the week ahead, a spate of financials step into the earnings confessional, meaning FAS and FAZ belong on traders' radars. Some titans of technology, the largest sector weight in the S&P 500, also report. These earnings should provide opportunity with the Direxion Daily Technology Bull 3X Shares (NYSE: TECL) and the Direxion Daily Technology Bear 3X Shares (NYSE: TECS). TECL attempts to deliver triple the daily returns of the Technology Select Sector Index while TECS seeks daily returns that are triple the inverse performance of that benchmark. On a related note, volume has recently increased in the Direxion Daily Semiconductor Bull 3X Shares (NYSE: SOXL) and the Direxion Daily Semiconductor Bear 3X Shares (NYSE: SOXS), according to issuer data. As Benzinga reported last week, “the semiconductor dollar content per smartphone stands at around $50 per unit versus more than $350 per car. In other words, the semiconductor market for cars is a lot bigger than even the highest-end smartphones and the new age of smart cars is just getting started.” Posted-In: Earnings Long Ideas News Sector ETFs Short Ideas Specialty ETFs Pre-Market Outlook Markets Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (FAS + FAZ) Leveraged Bank ETFs Step Into Earnings Spotlight Traders Turn Bearish On Financial ETFs How Leveraged Sector ETFs Performed Last Week View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on JNUG Trending Recent 1 PME, NTNX: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 AMD, NVDA: Nvidia-Google Blog Beef: Here's What You Need To Know 3 DIS, AAPL: 5 Reasons Apple Won't Buy Disney 4 AMD: Advanced Micro Devices Higher Off Positive Comment... 5 JBHT, CE: 5 Stocks To Watch For April 17, 2017 6 CSIQ, SPWR: Top Solar Analyst Likens Canadia... 7 MS, DIS: Earnings Preview: Netflix... 1 DPZ, GEOS: Transcending Speculation: Fr. Emmanuel Lemelson Parses High-Level Marke... 2 NYT, FB: Copyright Issues Posted On Facebook Are Apparently More Importan... 3 VRX, HLF: Bill Ackman Is Killin' It In Chipotle 4 CI, ANTM: Health Insurers Respond To Trump's Threat T... 5 ABT, AME: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Crude Oil D... 6 Over 200 Fintech Startup Finalists To Ce... 7 MGI, BABA: Here's Why You Should Care... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products United CEO Oscar Munoz Also Owes Investors An Apology 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Monday
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg BlackRock ETF Is the New Leader for Emerging-Market Debt Investors by Natasha Doff @natashadoff More stories by Natasha Doff April 17, 2017, 12:43 PM EDT Assets in iShares EM bond fund doubled to $10 billion in year Fee is less than a third of what biggest mutual fund charges What’s the latest frontier to be conquered by low-cost exchange-traded funds? Emerging-market debt. Despite a surge in appetite for high-yielding debt, mutual funds that charge more than double the fees of relatively cheap ETFs have struggled to keep up.  The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Last year, BlackRock Inc.’s iShares JPMorgan USD Emerging Market Bond ETF, symbol EMB,  became the world’s biggest developing-nation debt fund. It’s nearly doubled its assets to more than $10 billion over the past 12 months. In that time, the gap between the ETF and the largest actively managed fund in the category, the far more expensive Pictet-Global Emerging Debt fund, has become wider than ever. The Pictet fund is a Societe D’investissement A Capital Variable, or SICAV, an open-ended investment vehicle that’s popular in Western Europe and similar to a mutual fund. BlackRock’s success bucks the long-held premise that investing in developing markets requires active managers responding to sudden shifts in political risk and uncovering mispriced assets. BlackRock charges 40 basis points for its ETF, compared with 143 basis points for Pictet’s active fund. The fact is emerging market ETFs have been able to trump their active peers on both cost and performance. BlackRock’s emerging markets bond ETF has beaten its active peers by 74 basis points on average over the past five years, according to data provider Morningstar Inc. “It is generally thought that investing in a less efficient market would present more opportunities for active managers, but that hasn’t been the case,” said Phillip Yoo, an ETF analyst at Morningstar in Chicago. “People are just gradually becoming more aware of the benefits of the ETF.” For more on emerging-market debt ETFs, read this Bloomberg Intelligence Primer BlackRock’s fee for EMB is the second-lowest fee among all emerging-market debt funds, according to Morningstar. The average fee for U.S. mutual funds that track emerging markets is about 90 basis points, or more than twice what BlackRock charges, according to data from the Investment Company Institute and Lipper. Liquidity And Volatility It’s common for an ETF to continue to take market share once it’s become the biggest fund in an industry or sector because institutional investors prefer the liquidity, according to Karen Schenone, a fixed-income strategist at iShares. BlackRock shoots for annual growth of about 40 percent for it’s U.S. fixed-income products, including EMB, she said. Active investors maintain that having an ETF emerge as the dominant player in emerging-market debt could increase volatility in the market because the index-tracking funds tend to appeal to short-term investors who will pull out their money when risk sentiment sours, according to Manik Narain, an emerging-markets strategist at UBS Group AG in London. “There is a risk that there is more tourist money coming into the asset class through ETFs. It could increase the risk of feedback loops of weakness amplifying the weakness in the market,” she said in a telephone interview. “For active investors it increases pressure to beat the benchmark. They may take on more risks.” The demand for higher-yielding debt with interest rates historically low in much of the developed world has pushed emerging-market bonds into the mainstream for global investors, according to Adam Laird, head of ETF strategy at Lyxor Asset Management. ETFs provide a relatively straight-forward and low-risk way of accessing the market, he said. “The low interest-rate environment has forced people to consider asset classes they haven’t had to consider before,” said BlackRock’s Schenone. “ETFs help people invest more efficiently.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read This Man Is Spending Millions to Break Elon Musk's Trump Ties Trump Is Willing to Consider a Sudden Strike on North Korea Boeing to Dismiss Hundreds of Engineers Amid Sales Slowdown How the Six-Hour Workday Actually Saves Money A 9,800% Stock Increase Exposes Hong Kong's Billionaires on Paper Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acceleron Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Anticipate Air Methods Corp (AIRM) to Post $0.31 Earnings Per Share -$0.58 EPS Expected for Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) This Quarter $0.08 Earnings Per Share Expected for Cubic Co. (CUB) This Quarter Owens Corning (OC) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy YPF SA’s (YPF) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Receives Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Regal Entertainment Group’s (RGC) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Benchmark Co. PPG Industries’ (PPG) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc Titan International’s (TWI) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Intuitive Surgical (ISRG) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Garmin (GRMN) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Masco Corp (MAS) Given Buy Rating at Instinet Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) Receives “Outperform” Rating from William Blair Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (TARO) Raised to B at TheStreet Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd. Raises Position in Nokia Oyj (NOK) TheStreet Lowers IRIDEX Co. (IRIX) to D+ Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Harvest Capital Management Inc Has $2.286 Million Stake in Goldman Sachs BDC Inc (GSBD) Steven A. Osterberg Acquires 65,000 Shares of Timberline Resources Corp (TLRS) Stock -$0.58 EPS Expected for Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) This Quarter April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN) to post earnings of ($0.58) per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Five analysts have issued estimates for Acceleron Pharma’s earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at ($0.51) and the lowest estimate coming in at ($0.62). Acceleron Pharma reported earnings of $0.13 per share in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 546.2%. The firm is scheduled to issue its next quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. On average, analysts expect that Acceleron Pharma will report full year earnings of ($2.44) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($2.76) to ($2.17). For the next year, analysts expect that the business will report earnings of ($2.45) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($3.58) to ($1.72). Zacks’ earnings per share averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that that provide coverage for Acceleron Pharma. Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.51) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.55) by $0.04. The company had revenue of $3.37 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.74 million. Acceleron Pharma had a negative return on equity of 30.75% and a negative net margin of 229.77%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 11.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.81) earnings per share. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the stock. FBR & Co restated a “buy” rating on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research report on Saturday, April 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 target price on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $33.00 target price on the stock. Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of Acceleron Pharma from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $40.00 to $36.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Instinet assumed coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a “buy” rating and a $58.00 target price on the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $46.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/0-58-eps-expected-for-acceleron-pharma-inc-xlrn-this-quarter.html. Shares of Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) traded down 0.1771% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $28.6392. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 100,008 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $1.10 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $27.54 and its 200-day moving average price is $29.23. Acceleron Pharma has a 1-year low of $23.07 and a 1-year high of $41.69. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Fox Run Management L.L.C. bought a new position in shares of Acceleron Pharma during the first quarter worth $500,000. Bank of Montreal Can bought a new position in shares of Acceleron Pharma during the first quarter worth $237,000. Highbridge Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Acceleron Pharma during the fourth quarter worth $462,000. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Acceleron Pharma by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 45,138 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,152,000 after buying an additional 1,296 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Acceleron Pharma during the fourth quarter worth $8,234,000. Institutional investors own 82.57% of the company’s stock. Acceleron Pharma Company Profile Acceleron Pharma Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapeutics to treat serious and rare diseases. Its research focuses on key natural regulators of cellular growth and repair, particularly the Transforming Growth Factor-Beta (TGF-beta), protein superfamily. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Acceleron Pharma (XLRN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Home World War & Peace Economy Climate Rights Solutions U.S. Canada Keystone XL Opponents Target Banks Funding Climate Destruction Published on Sunday, April 16, 2017 by Common Dreams Keystone XL Opponents Target Banks Funding Climate Destruction Week of action calls on financial institutions to divest from the controversial pipeline by Lauren McCauley, staff writer 0 Comments After fierce nationwide opposition forced the Obama administration to halt the Keystone XL pipeline, President Donald Trump has given it the green light and the climate movement has vowed to fight it once again. (Image via Rainforest Action Network) Kicking off a week of actions targeting the institutions financing the controversial Keystone XL (KXL) tar sands pipelines, activists on Saturday protested at banks in 25 cities to shine a spotlight on the roll they are having on climate destruction. "It's back—and so are we," reads the call to action. After fierce nationwide opposition forced the Obama administration to halt the project, President Donald Trump has given it the green light and the climate movement has vowed to fight it once again. The peaceful demonstrations are "designed to shine a spotlight on the the four key financial institutions bankrolling the KXL pipeline— Citibank, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and TD Bank—and pressure them and the broader financial community to pull out and 'defund' the project," said the Rainforest Action Network, which is organizing the week of protest. In addition to demonstrating outside banks, activists across the country are also planning a banner drop in Los Angeles and a protest targeting local government in San Franciscothroughout the week of action, which will culminate on Earth Day. Find an action near you here. "The KXL is a bad idea, full stop. It's bad for the climate, for clean water, and for communities all along the route of this pipeline," said Rainforest Action Network's Scott Parkin. "This is part of the Trump plan to 'unleash fossil fuels' in the U.S., which is terrible on every level—it flies in the face of science and the very real climate change crisis; it shackles the U.S. to an outdated and dirty energy system; it sets us back in the race to lead in clean energy technology; and it's an environmental disaster waiting to happen," Parkin continued. "Because pipelines fail, all the time. And we will be stuck with the toxic mess and the bill—while the oil industry friends of the president and the secretary of state get even richer." Activists will share updates and images from the week of action on social media with the hashtag #defundKXL. @350CentralMass demands @TD_Canada #DefundKXL pic.twitter.com/nJ1C8H7YLu — errica saunders (@Erricas) April 15, 2017 Activists with @350Loudoun ask Wells Fargo to #DefundKXL #NoKXL pic.twitter.com/54MgPz0Spa — MB (@Mia_1) April 15, 2017 We need YOU in the streets to tell banks like @jpmorgan @WellsFargo @Citi & @TDBank_US to #DefundKXL! RSVP: https://t.co/hz6Z8aPBEU RT @RAN pic.twitter.com/tf6cRPIXJi — ShireHakel (@ShiCooks) April 13, 2017 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License Share This Article More in: Climate, U.S. , Keystone XL, People Power, Divestment, Wall Street, Pipeline, Fossil Fuels, Rainforest Action Network Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Join the resistance! Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Michael Winship The Waters of Trump’s Washington Are Dark and Deep Stanka Becheva The Battle to Feed the World: David vs. Goliath Masha Gessen The Real Madman Hank Edson Reaching Impeachment Critical Mass Paul Buchheit What Our Grandchildren Will Do When the Jobs Are Gone Richard Eskow Trump’s Five Worst Tax Secrets, Revealed Ira Chernus Trump, A Symptom Of What? Michael Schwalbe Nothing Beats Science for Explaining How the World Works Robert Dodge Tax Day—the Nuclear Option Steven Singer Dept of Ed Hires Anti-Civil Rights Crusader to Protect Student's Nonexistent Civil Rights... John Feffer Trump's New Foreign Policy Is the Worst of Both Worlds... Dave Zweifel Trump's Budget Paves a Road I Don't Want to Travel... More Views News That Matters Trump White House Taking 'Marching Orders' from Hundreds of CEOs: Report RESIST DAY #88: What You Can Do Today Oathbreaker-in-Chief? Majority Doesn't Trust Trump to Keep His Promises Georgia Democrat Leads the Pack in Closely-Watched Special Election Sanders and Perez to Launch Nationwide 'Come Together & Fight Back' Tour Artist Redesigns National Parks Posters for 2050, Showcasing Climate Devastation 'New Step in Long Walk to Freedom': Palestinian Prisoners Launch Mass Hunger Strike After Surprise Visit to DMZ, Pence Tells North Korea 'All Options Are on the Table' Don't Be Fooled, McKibben Says. On Climate, Trudeau's No Better Than Trump. Erdoğan Claims Ultimate Power in Turkey After Nearly Split Vote More News Further Looking To Take Trump Down With Great Vengeance and Furious Anger Vowing to "Make Trump Furious," 30-year-old progressive Jon Ossoff is aiming for the first Democratic win since the 1970s in Georgia's longtime conservative Sixth District in Tuesday's special election to replace Tom Price. Now leading a field of 18 candidates, the potential first "Congressman of the Resistance" has drawn a broad array of supporters including the ever-fierce Samuel L. Jackson; in a new radio ad urging voters to turn out, the actor and activist, as usual, ain't fooling around. Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster / General Info 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, April 18, 2017 2:58 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Quarles said to be Trump pick for Fed’s top regulatory post Monday April 17, 2017 11:48 PM GMT+8 ICYMI I sack myself, says Zola after Birmingham’s poor run under his charge Cops investigating ‘suspicious substance’ in Singapore MRT The Edit: Christopher Doyle to give talk in KL Trump family kicks off White House Easter egg roll Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article US Treasury Under Secretary for Domestic Finance Randal Quarles speaks during a Reuters sponsored panel discussion on the future of the US housing foundations Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in New York July 19, 2006. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, April 17 — President Donald Trump plans to nominate Randal Quarles, a senior Treasury official in the Bush administration, to be the Federal Reserve’s top banking regulator, according to a person familiar with the selection process. Currently a managing director at a Salt Lake City-based private equity firm, Quarles would bring a background in both domestic and international finance to the role, said the person who asked not to be named because no final decision has been made. He also has years of experience as a banking lawyer. Trump’s expected nomination of Quarles would put an end to what has been a long, and sometimes arduous, search for the Fed’s vice chair of supervision. The Senate-confirmed post has great sway over JPMorgan Chase & Co, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and other large banks. Quarles would be expected to play a pivotal role in carrying out Trump’s pledge to ease some of the regulatory constraints that were put on banks after the 2008 financial crisis. The selection would reflect “the pendulum shifting from tougher regulation to neutral,” Mike Mayo, an independent bank analyst, said in an interview today with Bloomberg Television. White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom and a spokeswoman for Quarles didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. Wealthy families Quarles, 59, joined the Treasury in 2002 as an assistant secretary for international affairs. He was later elevated to undersecretary for domestic finance. At the end of 2006, Quarles left the department and went to Carlyle Group LP where he specialised in investing in the financial services industry. Prior to his time in George W. Bush’s administration, Quarles was a partner at the Davis, Polk & Wardwell law firm. He graduated from Columbia University and has a degree from Yale Law School. In his current post at the Cynosure Group, Quarles helps invest money from wealthy families, including the Eccles family of Utah. Quarles is married to Hope Eccles. Another member of the family, Marriner Eccles, was Fed chairman from 1934 to 1948, and one of the buildings at the central bank’s Washington headquarters is named after him. If confirmed by the Senate, Quarles might pursue a measured approach to revamping bank rules implemented under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, rather than a wholesale dismantling of them. In a May 2015 interview with Bloomberg Television, he said a lot of provisions in the law were poorly designed, but he conceded that it will be “with us for a long time.” Quarles added that he was sympathetic to some of the post-crisis pressures that led to Congress approving Dodd-Frank, while arguing that in some ways the legislation didn’t go far enough. “You could have responded to those pressures with a more aggressive restructuring of the financial-regulatory structure of the country without some of the particular provisions that aren’t well designed and were included for political rather than financial-regulatory reasons,” he said in the Bloomberg interview. Administration discord If confirmed by the Senate, Quarles would be the first ever Fed supervision chief. Dodd-Frank created the position in 2010, though former President Barack Obama never nominated anyone to fill it. Trump officials have been interviewing candidates since late last year, before the president took office. The choice had been bogged down by a lack of agreement among the president’s advisers and industry lobbying, people familiar with the matter have said. General Electric Co executive David Nason, who had been National Economic Council chief Gary Cohn’s favoured pick, withdrew his name in early March. Other candidates who had emerged since then included Washington attorney Thomas Vartanian and Hal Scott, a Harvard Law School professor and noted critic of regulation. The Fed vice chairman sits on the central bank’s seven-member board of governors, meaning the role gets a vote on US interest rates. Quarles would likely be an advocate for rule-based monetary policy, in which rate decisions are formulaic and tied to changes in inflation, employment and other economic data. House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling is among Republican lawmakers who’ve advocated for using that kind of approach for years in setting interest rates. Crazy policy “If you’re going to be transparent in an activity like the Fed, you have to be much more rule-based in what you’re doing,” Quarles said in a November 2015 interview with Bloomberg Television. Basing decisions on the influence and views of Fed officials is “a crazy way to run a railroad for the Federal Reserve,” he said. Though the Fed is one of several regulators that oversee the largest US banks, it has the longest reach. During Obama’s presidency, it took the lead in implementing post-crisis reforms and dramatically ratcheting up Washington’s scrutiny of Wall Street. Under Obama, Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo handled the vice chair of supervision’s duties on an unofficial basis until his departure earlier this month. He triggered endless consternation from Wall Street by pushing through tough capital standards, restricting risky trades and subjecting banks to rigorous stress tests to evaluate whether they could endure another severe economic slump. Even though the position comes with the title of vice chairman, the supervision chief’s powers are not absolute. Fed Chair Janet Yellen controls what policies governors vote on, meaning she could easily thwart efforts to free banks from tough rules, at least until her term ends in February 2018. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Tech stocks in Malaysia hit 10-year high, buoyed by chip boom (VIDEO) US free trade deal with South Korea falling short, Pence warns Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Bursa Malaysia opens higher Short-term rates to remain stable on BNM intervention Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer United Airlines CEO won’t resign Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Bursa Malaysia to consolidate next week Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: North Korea is ‘ready to react’ to war, says DPRK ambassador to UN Reuters Video: New nanofibre solution turns ordinary mesh screens into air pollution filters Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Trump family kicks off Easter egg roll Trump ties China currency decision to help with North Korea Protesters to take to streets to demand Trump release tax returns (VIDEO) Mercosur to sign trade deal with EU this year, Argentina says Asian economies escape ‘manipulator’ tag, but expect more pressure on trade Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Latest News Dow 20,637 +183.67 +0.90% Nasdaq 5,857 +51.64 +0.89% S&P 500 2,349 +20.06 +0.86% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens higher by 0.2% at 12,134.55 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens higher by 0.2% at 12,134.55 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,072.39 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.3% at 7,310.45 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.98 2:47 A.M. ET What satellite images reveal about China’s economy 2:35 A.M. ET H&M sales rise 6% in March as Easter comes late 2:34 A.M. ET South32 drops plan to buy Peabody mine 2:33 A.M. ET PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid 1:24 A.M. ET Oil steady as market takes wait-and-see approach 12:52 A.M. ET China foreign-direct investment falls 48.8% 12:52 A.M. ET China new home prices up 10.3% YOY in March 4/17 Asian markets off to slow start after holiday weekend 4/17 Sales boost ZTE's net profit by 27.8% in Q1 4/17 Trump to sign ‘Buy American, Hire American’ executive orders 4/17 Updated Turkish markets rally, but strategists say gains may be fleeting 4/17 Updated Election-battered Mexican peso is now on the verge of a bull market 4/17 Updated Why U.S. oil production isn’t done rising 4/17 Updated Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ 4/17 Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Banking Earnings Outlook Get email alerts Bank of America earnings: Expect strong trading, weak loan growth By Ciara Linnane Published: Apr 17, 2017 4:00 p.m. ET Share Bank of America’s shares have eroded their postelection gains as expectations for regulatory changes are reined in Getty Images By CiaraLinnane Corporate news editor Bank of America Corp. is scheduled to report first-quarter earnings before the bell on Tuesday, and analysts are expecting similar trends to those seen at rivals last week of strong trading profits but weak loan growth. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +1.73% and Citigroup Inc C, +1.64% reported their numbers last week, and both banks had a strong trading quarter after equity indexes hit repeated records. Their investment-banking divisions benefited from stronger equity capital markets as the initial-public-offering market came back to life after a subdued 2016 and the flow of debt issuance remained strong. But loan growth was weak, after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates in December and signaled two more rate hikes this year. “The loan growth deceleration in all of these reports didn’t come as a surprise — we had seen it in Fed data already,” said Sheraz Mian, research director at Zack’s. Mian noted that some of the explanations offered included lower mortgage activity in the wake of higher rates, weak car-loan demand and strong capital markets activities that encouraged bigger issuers to tap the bond market instead of banks. Read also: Jamie Dimon says fixing mortgage industry would boost lending by $300 billion a year “But these explanations for the slowdown are far from satisfactory, particularly given the backdrop of steadily improving consumer and business confidence and expectations of ramped-up U.S. economic growth,” he wrote in a Monday note. Don’t miss: 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store(1:31) As e-banking technology has improved, the number of bank branches is expected to fall by a third in the next decade. But rather than get rid of branches altogether, banks are trying to give them makeovers to get customers to still come in. Jefferies analysts said loan growth “is the first-quarter soft spot and biggest forward wildcard.” But analysts led by Ken Usdin expect loan guidance to remain intact as banks pin their hopes on a better second half. Jefferies is expecting Bank of America BAC, +2.10% to post a 6% increase in net interest income versus the fourth quarter, “driven by 18 basis points of net interest margin expansion from higher loan yields, lower premium amortization, and the absence of negative hedge ineffectiveness (which reduced last quarter’s net interest margin by 4 basis points),” according to the note. Analysts are expected to seek an update on the bank’s outlook for regulatory change, after the election of President Donald Trump in November fueled a rally in bank stocks on expectations he would roll back the set of rules known as Dodd-Frank. Bank stocks have since pulled back as those expectations have been tempered by uncertainty in Washington following the defeat of the effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Bank of America shares gained 48% from November 8 to their post-election peak in March, but are now up just 33%. See: The data show the ‘Trump bump’ is dead Investors will also be keen for commentary on how other Trump agenda items, such as corporate tax reform and repatriation of overseas cash, may play out. Here’s what to expect in the B. of A. report: Earnings: Bank of America is expected to report per-share earnings of 35 cents, up from 21 cents a year ago, according to analysts polled by FactSet. Estimize, which crowdsources estimates from sell-side and buy-side analysts, hedge funds, academics and others, is expecting earnings of 37 cents a share. Revenue: Analysts polled by FactSet are expecting revenue of $21.649 billion, up from $19.512 billion a year ago. Estimize analysts are expecting revenue of $21.574 billion. Share price: Bank of America shares were up 0.7% on Monday, and have gained 1.8% in 2017 so far, underperforming the S&P 500’s SPX, +0.86% 4.5% gain and the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s DJIA, +0.90% 4% gain. But the stock has gained 60% in the last 12 months, while the S&P 500 has gained just 12%. The average rating of FactSet analysts is the equivalent of buy, with an average share-price target of $22.80, just pennies above its current trading level. The Financial Select Sector SPDR exchange-traded fund XLF, +1.75% has fallen 0.5% in 2017. More from MarketWatch Apple will be worth at least $824 billion this year, analysts say Big, Luxury SUVs Make a Comeback Trump Sees North Korea as Top Threat Related Topics Earnings Markets U.S. Stocks Quote References JPM +1.46 +1.73% C +0.95 +1.64% BAC +0.47 +2.10% SPX +20.06 +0.86% DJIA +183.67 +0.90% XLF +0.40 +1.75% Show all references Most Popular Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ What satellite images reveal about China’s economy Here’s how the U.S. got to $20 trillion in debt How your mind can make you fat Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.86 +1.46 (+1.73%) Volume 18.6M Open $84.44 High $86.08 Low $84.37 P/E Ratio 13.23 Div Yield 2.33 Market Cap 300.3B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $58.99 +0.95 (+1.64%) Volume 14.1M Open $58.36 High $59.06 Low $57.93 P/E Ratio 11.87 Div Yield 1.08 Market Cap 160.5B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.81 +0.47 (+2.10%) Volume 82.4M Open $22.36 High $22.83 Low $22.26 P/E Ratio 16.53 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 223.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,349.01 +20.06 (+0.86%) Volume 1.6B Open 2,333 High 2,349 Low 2,333 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,636.92 +183.67 (+0.90%) Volume 229.2M Open 20,485 High 20,644 Low 20,485 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLF $23.30 +0.40 (+1.75%) Volume 85.5M Open $22.96 High $23.31 Low $22.89 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 20,637 +183.67 +0.90% Nasdaq 5,857 +51.64 +0.89% S&P 500 2,349 +20.06 +0.86% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens higher by 0.2% at 12,134.55 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens higher by 0.2% at 12,134.55 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,072.39 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.3% at 7,310.45 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.98 2:47 A.M. ET What satellite images reveal about China’s economy 2:35 A.M. ET H&M sales rise 6% in March as Easter comes late 2:34 A.M. ET South32 drops plan to buy Peabody mine 2:33 A.M. ET PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid 1:24 A.M. ET Oil steady as market takes wait-and-see approach 12:52 A.M. ET China foreign-direct investment falls 48.8% 12:52 A.M. ET China new home prices up 10.3% YOY in March 4/17 Asian markets off to slow start after holiday weekend 4/17 Sales boost ZTE's net profit by 27.8% in Q1 4/17 Trump to sign ‘Buy American, Hire American’ executive orders 4/17 Updated Turkish markets rally, but strategists say gains may be fleeting 4/17 Updated Election-battered Mexican peso is now on the verge of a bull market 4/17 Updated Why U.S. oil production isn’t done rising 4/17 Updated Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ 4/17 Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Banking Earnings Outlook Get email alerts Bank of America earnings: Expect strong trading, weak loan growth By Ciara Linnane Published: Apr 17, 2017 4:00 p.m. ET Share Bank of America’s shares have eroded their postelection gains as expectations for regulatory changes are reined in Getty Images By CiaraLinnane Corporate news editor Bank of America Corp. is scheduled to report first-quarter earnings before the bell on Tuesday, and analysts are expecting similar trends to those seen at rivals last week of strong trading profits but weak loan growth. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +1.73% and Citigroup Inc C, +1.64% reported their numbers last week, and both banks had a strong trading quarter after equity indexes hit repeated records. Their investment-banking divisions benefited from stronger equity capital markets as the initial-public-offering market came back to life after a subdued 2016 and the flow of debt issuance remained strong. But loan growth was weak, after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates in December and signaled two more rate hikes this year. “The loan growth deceleration in all of these reports didn’t come as a surprise — we had seen it in Fed data already,” said Sheraz Mian, research director at Zack’s. Mian noted that some of the explanations offered included lower mortgage activity in the wake of higher rates, weak car-loan demand and strong capital markets activities that encouraged bigger issuers to tap the bond market instead of banks. Read also: Jamie Dimon says fixing mortgage industry would boost lending by $300 billion a year “But these explanations for the slowdown are far from satisfactory, particularly given the backdrop of steadily improving consumer and business confidence and expectations of ramped-up U.S. economic growth,” he wrote in a Monday note. Don’t miss: 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices Why the bank of the future will look like an Apple store(1:31) As e-banking technology has improved, the number of bank branches is expected to fall by a third in the next decade. But rather than get rid of branches altogether, banks are trying to give them makeovers to get customers to still come in. Jefferies analysts said loan growth “is the first-quarter soft spot and biggest forward wildcard.” But analysts led by Ken Usdin expect loan guidance to remain intact as banks pin their hopes on a better second half. Jefferies is expecting Bank of America BAC, +2.10% to post a 6% increase in net interest income versus the fourth quarter, “driven by 18 basis points of net interest margin expansion from higher loan yields, lower premium amortization, and the absence of negative hedge ineffectiveness (which reduced last quarter’s net interest margin by 4 basis points),” according to the note. Analysts are expected to seek an update on the bank’s outlook for regulatory change, after the election of President Donald Trump in November fueled a rally in bank stocks on expectations he would roll back the set of rules known as Dodd-Frank. Bank stocks have since pulled back as those expectations have been tempered by uncertainty in Washington following the defeat of the effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Bank of America shares gained 48% from November 8 to their post-election peak in March, but are now up just 33%. See: The data show the ‘Trump bump’ is dead Investors will also be keen for commentary on how other Trump agenda items, such as corporate tax reform and repatriation of overseas cash, may play out. Here’s what to expect in the B. of A. report: Earnings: Bank of America is expected to report per-share earnings of 35 cents, up from 21 cents a year ago, according to analysts polled by FactSet. Estimize, which crowdsources estimates from sell-side and buy-side analysts, hedge funds, academics and others, is expecting earnings of 37 cents a share. Revenue: Analysts polled by FactSet are expecting revenue of $21.649 billion, up from $19.512 billion a year ago. Estimize analysts are expecting revenue of $21.574 billion. Share price: Bank of America shares were up 0.7% on Monday, and have gained 1.8% in 2017 so far, underperforming the S&P 500’s SPX, +0.86% 4.5% gain and the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s DJIA, +0.90% 4% gain. But the stock has gained 60% in the last 12 months, while the S&P 500 has gained just 12%. The average rating of FactSet analysts is the equivalent of buy, with an average share-price target of $22.80, just pennies above its current trading level. The Financial Select Sector SPDR exchange-traded fund XLF, +1.75% has fallen 0.5% in 2017. More from MarketWatch What satellite images reveal about China’s economy Alphabet’s stock may finally outperform Facebook and Amazon Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Related Topics Earnings Markets U.S. Stocks Quote References JPM +1.46 +1.73% C +0.95 +1.64% BAC +0.47 +2.10% SPX +20.06 +0.86% DJIA +183.67 +0.90% XLF +0.40 +1.75% Show all references Most Popular Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ What satellite images reveal about China’s economy Here’s how the U.S. got to $20 trillion in debt How your mind can make you fat Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.86 +1.46 (+1.73%) Volume 18.6M Open $84.44 High $86.08 Low $84.37 P/E Ratio 13.23 Div Yield 2.33 Market Cap 300.3B Citigroup Inc. U.S.: NYSE: C $58.99 +0.95 (+1.64%) Volume 14.1M Open $58.36 High $59.06 Low $57.93 P/E Ratio 11.87 Div Yield 1.08 Market Cap 160.5B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $22.81 +0.47 (+2.10%) Volume 82.4M Open $22.36 High $22.83 Low $22.26 P/E Ratio 16.53 Div Yield 1.32 Market Cap 223.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,349.01 +20.06 (+0.86%) Volume 1.6B Open 2,333 High 2,349 Low 2,333 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,636.92 +183.67 (+0.90%) Volume 229.2M Open 20,485 High 20,644 Low 20,485 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLF $23.30 +0.40 (+1.75%) Volume 85.5M Open $22.96 High $23.31 Low $22.89 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.51 Market Cap N/A
xucsxvux Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 4 + 3? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 4 + 3? Email for new password What is 4 + 3? Home » FA Online » FA News » Quarles Said To Be Trump Pick For Fed's Top Regulatory Post April 18, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share Quarles Said To Be Trump Pick For Fed's Top Regulatory Post April 17, 2017 • Robert Schmidt, Jennifer Jacobs Loading Other Articles... President Donald Trump plans to nominate Randal Quarles, a senior Treasury official in the Bush administration, to be the Federal Reserve’s top banking regulator, according to a person familiar with the selection process. Currently a managing director at a Salt Lake City-based private equity firm, Quarles would bring a background in both domestic and international finance to the role, said the person who asked not to be named because no final decision has been made. He also has years of experience as a banking lawyer. Trump’s expected nomination of Quarles would put an end to what has been a long, and sometimes arduous, search for the Fed’s vice chair of supervision. The Senate-confirmed post has great sway over JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and other large banks. Quarles would be expected to play a pivotal role in carrying out Trump’s pledge to ease some of the regulatory constraints that were put on banks after the 2008 financial crisis. The selection would reflect “the pendulum shifting from tougher regulation to neutral,” Mike Mayo, an independent bank analyst, said in a Monday interview with Bloomberg Television. Wealthy Families Quarles, 59, joined the Treasury in 2002 as an assistant secretary for international affairs. He was later elevated to undersecretary for domestic finance. At the end of 2006, Quarles left the department and went to Carlyle Group LP where he specialized in investing in the financial services industry. Prior to his time in George W. Bush’s administration, Quarles was a partner at the Davis, Polk & Wardwell law firm. He graduated from Columbia University and has a degree from Yale Law School. In his current post at the Cynosure Group, Quarles helps invest money from wealthy families, including the Eccles family of Utah. Quarles is married to Hope Eccles. Another member of the family, Marriner Eccles, was Fed chairman from 1934 to 1948, and one of the buildings at the central bank’s Washington headquarters is named after him. If confirmed by the Senate, Quarles might pursue a measured approach to revamping bank rules implemented under the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act, rather than a wholesale dismantling of them. In a May 2015 interview with Bloomberg Television, he said a lot of provisions in the law were poorly designed, but he conceded that it will be “with us for a long time.” Quarles added that he was sympathetic to some of the post-crisis pressures that led to Congress approving Dodd-Frank, while arguing that in some ways the legislation didn’t go far enough. “You could have responded to those pressures with a more aggressive restructuring of the financial-regulatory structure of the country without some of the particular provisions that aren’t well designed and were included for political rather than financial-regulatory reasons," he said in the Bloomberg interview. First « 1 2 » Next To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll A year from now, who do you believe won't hold his current job? Bill O'Reilly Sean Spicer United CEO Oscar Munoz None of the above View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ruth's Hospitality Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ruth's Hospitality Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carpenter Technology Co. (CRS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Mplx Lp (MPLX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Shares Bought by Skylands Capital LLC Arvest Bank Trust Division Has $11.171 Million Position in Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) AMERCO (UHAL) Stake Reduced by Skylands Capital LLC Fiserv Inc (FISV) is Arvest Bank Trust Division’s 8th Largest Position 4,120 Shares in WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Acquired by Arvest Bank Trust Division Dow Jones Equity All REIT Total Return Index (REIT) Given Overweight Rating at Barclays PLC T2 Biosystems Inc (TTOO) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Northwest Biotherapeutics (NWBO) Earning Very Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Neuberger Berman High Yield Strateges Fd (NHS) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Enable Midstream Partners (ENBL) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Rightside Group (NAME) Given Media Impact Score of 0.56 Western Digital Corp (WDC) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Pharma Mar (PHMMF) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Prospect Capital Co. (PSEC) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Has $297,000 Stake in Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Given Outperform Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:RUTH) has been assigned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the five brokerages that are presently covering the firm. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and two have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month target price among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $18.33. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price target on shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group from $17.00 to $18.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc upped their price target on shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group from $18.50 to $20.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Ruth's Hospitality Group (NASDAQ:RUTH) traded up 2.25% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $20.45. The stock had a trading volume of 86,168 shares. The firm has a market cap of $624.79 million, a P/E ratio of 21.50 and a beta of 0.52. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $19.06 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.30. Ruth's Hospitality Group has a 12-month low of $13.74 and a 12-month high of $20.45. Ruth's Hospitality Group (NASDAQ:RUTH) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 17th. The company reported $0.31 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.02. Ruth's Hospitality Group had a net margin of 8.03% and a return on equity of 34.67%. The company earned $107.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $108.54 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.26 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Ruth's Hospitality Group will post $1.06 EPS for the current fiscal year. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in RUTH. Numeric Investors LLC raised its position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group by 57.7% in the fourth quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 512,698 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,382,000 after buying an additional 187,613 shares in the last quarter. Lombardia Capital Partners LLC raised its position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group by 54.4% in the third quarter. Lombardia Capital Partners LLC now owns 481,770 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,803,000 after buying an additional 169,761 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group by 26.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 683,909 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,657,000 after buying an additional 142,298 shares in the last quarter. Bogle Investment Management L P DE bought a new position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,983,000. Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group by 66.2% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 240,170 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,395,000 after buying an additional 95,690 shares in the last quarter. 78.57% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/ruths-hospitality-group-inc-ruth-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-from-brokerages.html. About Ruth's Hospitality Group Ruth’s Hospitality Group, Inc develops and operates fine dining restaurants under the name, Ruth’s Chris Steak House. The Company operates through two segments. As of December 25, 2016, the Company-owned steakhouse restaurant segment included 68 Ruth’s Chris Steak House restaurants and one Ruth’s Chris Steak House restaurant, and the franchise operations segment included 81 franchisee-owned Ruth’s Chris Steak House restaurants. Receive News & Ratings for Ruth's Hospitality Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ruth's Hospitality Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us How Texas is beating the Supreme Court on abortion Trump’s White House on defensive over transparency Trump getting hot and bothered by protesters Cotton blitzed by constituents at rowdy town hall White nationalist claims Trump directed rally violence Christie angling for a comeback Politico Morning Energy The one-stop source for energy and environment news Get the Morning Energy Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print EPA Region 5 reportedly considered for closure By Anthony Adragna 04/17/17 10:00 AM EDT Updated 04/17/17 03:11 PM EDT With help from Alex Guillén CURTAINS FOR EPA REGION 5? President Donald Trump’s administration is looking at closing the Chicago-based EPA Region 5 office and consolidating it with Region 7 in Kansas, the Chicago Sun Times reports, citing a city source. Such a move would have dramatic impacts on the Great Lakes region and comes as a spill of hexavalent chromium from a U.S. Steel facility in Portage, Ind. forced the closure of local beaches. The region employs about 1,500 people. It’s taken its knocks in recent years with the House Oversight Committee examining reports of sexual harassment and whistleblower retaliation back in July 2015 and its former regional administrator, Susan Hedman, resigning over her handling of the Flint water crisis in February 2016. Story Continued Below Officials punch back: But the region also has one of the heaviest workloads of the entire agency and local officials said that closing it would endanger public health and the environment. “The administration’s plan would be harmful to the environment and public health in Chicago, in Illinois, and in the entire Great Lakes region, and that should outrage all of us living in our nation’s heartland,” Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement. A spokesman for Sen. Tammy Duckworth said they wouldn’t comment on the rumors, but said the senator opposed any effort to gut EPA. An agency spokesman told ME: “At this time, we are not announcing any potential closures and are instead focused on getting results and improving conditions for communities affected by Superfund sites like in East Chicago.” ENERGY GRID STUDY ORDERED: Energy Secretary Rick Perry on Friday set in motion a 60-day review of the electric grid to determine whether pro-wind and solar policies are fueling the retirement of coal and nuclear plants, Bloomberg reports. In a memorandum, Perry asked his chief of staff to craft a strategy for analyzing whether tax policies, regulatory requirements and subsidies “are responsible for forcing the premature retirement of baseload power plants.” SHOWDOWN OVER PARIS: Congress is still away this week but all eyes will be trained on the White House on Tuesday as Trump’s advisers and Cabinet officials try to figure out exactly what the administration will do about the Paris climate change agreement. It’ll mark the first time senior advisers to the president have formally discussed one of former President Barack Obama's biggest environmental achievements and will be a major test of the competing power factions within the White House. Chief strategist Steve Bannon and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt are said to strongly oppose remaining in the agreement, while senior adviser Jared Kushner and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson are said to be in favor of staying. ICYMI here’s our story from Friday on the meeting. WELCOME TO MONDAY! I'm your host Anthony Adragna, and Maine has the lowest paid governor in America at just $70,000. Your recess trivia du jour: Which state’s motto, translated from Latin, means “Hard work conquers all things?” Send your tips, energy gossip and comments to aadragna@politico.com, or follow us on Twitter @AnthonyAdragna, @Morning_Energy, and @POLITICOPro. BP WELL UNCONTROLLED IN ALASKA: An oil well owned by BP continued to release natural gas in Alaska’s North Slope for a third day Sunday as the company and state and federal officials try to get the situation under control. A joint statement from the Unified Command Task Force, which includes BP, the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation, local officials and EPA, said the release was detected around 7:30 a.m. on Friday and the cause remains unknown. “The well is currently venting gas, which caused an initial spray of crude oil that impacted the well pad,” according to a Sunday status update. "However it is not currently spraying crude oil.” TARGET: EPA: Nearly a half of the comments submitted in response to Trump’s January presidential memorandum asking the Commerce Department to find ways to reduce regulatory burdens called for rescinding EPA regulations, the Washington Post reports. Forty-eight of the 168 comments received specifically mentioned Clean Air Act regulations and 31 called for reconsidering the New Source Review process. Comments on the memorandum were due on March 31. Read more about the comments here. ACTIVISTS WON’T BACK DOWN ON KEYSTONE: Led by the Rainforest Action Network, activists opposed to the Keystone XL pipeline plan to hold 25 protests throughout the country this week in hopes of pushing four banks — Citibank, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and TD Bank — to bail on the project. Events kicked off Saturday and run through April 21. They’re also targeting Zinke’s speech: Environmental activists are planning to protest Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke’s speech today at 6 p.m. Pacific outside the Reagan Ranch Center in Santa Barbara, Calif. According to the Santa Barbara Independent, Zinke plans to speak “privately” to a group there. CHANGE OF PLANS? There’s a growing push behind-the-scenes from senior Republicans for North Dakota Rep. Kevin Cramer, long thought of as a top recruit, not to challenge Sen. Heidi Heitkamp during the 2018 midterms, CNN reports. There’s increasing concern about Cramer’s penchant for making controversial statements — most recently his defense of Press Secretary Sean Spicer’s remarks about Adolf Hitler and the Holocaust — and increasing interest in having a wealthy North Dakota state senator, Tom Campbell, challenge Heitkamp. COME ON PRUITT, DO THE LOCOMOTION: The California Air Resources Board has petitioned EPA to adopt new emissions standards for locomotives that the state says would slash nitrogen oxide, particulate matter and hydrocarbon emissions from trains, as well as up to a quarter of their greenhouse gases. CARB's petition would cover newly made train engines and reconstructed locomotives by 2025 under a "Tier 5" standard (locomotives are already on a Tier 4 rule that covered new locomotives starting in 2015). The proposal incorporates new pollution control technologies and would require on-board batteries be used in "sensitive" areas like railyards, where emissions are concentrated around higher-risk populations. In December, EPA had said it was "not prepared" to respond to a request from California's South Coast Air Quality Management District that it set strict new NOx and PM standards for locomotives, and the new administration is not considered overly friendly to such regulations. GROUP WILL APPEAL CAP AND TRADE CASE: The conservative Pacific Legal Foundation on Friday vowed to appeal to the California Supreme Court its challenge to the state's cap-and-trade auction. A 2-1 appellate court panel earlier this month sided with the state in concluding that the cap-and-trade program is within regulators' authority. The dissenting judge said the program amounts to an unconstitutional tax. The program is alive only through 2020, when the legislature must decide whether to continue the program. TODAY IN DEM LETTERS TO PRUITT: Several Senate Democrats have asked EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt to explain what he told a gathering of the Republican Attorneys General Association just days before he withdrew an information collection request on methane emissions data from the oil and gas industry. The senators note that Pruitt had promised to fully review the matter before deciding whether to cancel the ICR, and question whether he consulted any sources in the two weeks between confirmation and action aside from a letter from state Republican officials criticizing the effort. ** A message from Business Roundtable: Create, Grow, Sustain: Delivering Shared Success – Explore how companies are promoting sustainable practices in their U.S. and global operations in “Create, Grow, Sustain: Delivering Shared Success.” Celebrating its 10th anniversary, the report highlights how America’s largest companies make sustainable business investment a priority in supporting economic growth and job creation. https://goo.gl/nm4Dy9 ** THESE ARE MY CONFESSIONS: The culprit who sent a series of climate change-related tweets from the Badlands National Park account that went viral in the days after Trump’s inauguration confessed within hours of the offending tweets, Pro’s Alex Guillén reports, citing newly released records. “Fearing a gag order on climate science I willfully sent out a series of tweets on the subject,” wrote the former seasonal employee to Badlands Superintendent Mike Pflaum. That former employee no longer has login information to the park’s social media accounts and accepted full responsibility for their actions. The released documents also include hundreds of emails and postcards from supportive members of the public. CLOCK’S A TICKIN’: Pro’s Budget and Appropriations Brief caught up with senior appropriator, Rep. Tom Cole, who said senior Republican leaders haven’t decided which chamber will move a government funding bill first, though he prefers the Senate. Some lawmakers are speculating about the need for a one- or two-week stopgap, but Cole says Republicans should still try to avoid that outcome. "I don't want a week or two stretching into two or three or four months and then, well, we just finished CR-ing the whole thing," he said. In case anyone’s forgot, lawmakers have just one week to prevent a government shutdown when they return from recess next week. GETTING PUMPED TO WALK: The Sierra Club on Friday released a video featuring narrators Chloe Sevigny and Joseph Gordon-Levitt urging people to get psyched for the Peoples Climate March on April 29 in Washington and other cities. It features a scramble of excerpts from the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, the Gettysburg Address, God Bless America, the Statue of Liberty Inscription and the Oath of Office. TAKE A GLANCE! CLEARING THE AIR! The Association of Air Pollution Control Agencies is out today with a report today finding combined emissions of the six criteria air pollutants for which there are national ambient air quality standards were down 71 percent since 1970 in 2015 and the U.S. has exceeded international trends in air quality. In addition, it found reported toxic air releases were down 56 percent between 2005 and 2015 and the group’s members accounted for nearly two-thirds of those reductions. MAIL CALL! TERN FOR THE WORSE? The American Bird Conservancy and other conservation groups released a letter Friday to federal regulators that expressed concern offshore wind development would imperil the already endangered Roseate Tern. “The presence of Roseate Terns in our Atlantic coastal waters will clearly necessitate—for each project—the completion of a full Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) and Section 7 consultation with the [Fish and Wildlife Service],” they wrote. CORRECTING THE RECORD: Rep. Don Beyer on Friday released a letter he sent to House Science Chairman Lamar Smith to correct a “number of false or misleading statements” at a recent hearing on the scientific evidence behind climate change. TIME TO PAY UP? Volkswagen should offer voluntary payments to consumers affected by the Dieselgate, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker told the automaker’s top official in a letter obtained by POLITICO Europe. As Kalina Oroschakoff and Florian Eder report, that came after Volkswagen CEO Matthias Müller expressed the company’s irritation with continued Commission efforts to pressure it into compensating affected consumers in the European Union. Kalin and Florian then looked at three takeaways from the automaker’s unsuccessful lobbying campaign to Juncker. QUICK HITS — The Ramapoughs vs. the World. The New York Times. — Climate change worries take backseat in hot real estate market. Boston Globe. — More coal is rolling out of the pro-Trump Western Slope, but is it adding up to any jobs? Denver Post. — With coal plant's shaky future, many in Page look toward tourism. Arizona Daily Sun. — Activists push Western Mass cities and towns to stop using fossil fuels. MassLive. THAT'S ALL FOR ME! ** A message from Business Roundtable: Create, Grow, Sustain: Delivering Shared Success – For the past ten years, business leaders have been coming together to speak on the importance of the environment and our responsibility to each other in Business Roundtable's sustainability reports. In that time, we've made great strides in our commitment the environment, the communities in which we do business and our people. Explore how companies are promoting sustainable practices in their U.S. and global operations in “Create, Grow, Sustain: Delivering Shared Success:” https://goo.gl/BjUBmh ** « View Archives CORRECTION: An earlier version of Morning Energy incorrectly stated the name of the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation. Authors: Anthony Adragna aadragna@politico.com @AnthonyAdragna About The Author Anthony Adragna is an energy reporter and author of Morning Energy. Before joining POLITICO, he spent four and a half years covering EPA and other environmental issues with Bloomberg BNA. His journalism career started across the country as a reporter with Seattle Business Magazine. Adragna is a Washington DC native and a graduate of Middlebury College in Vermont. When he’s not reading EPA regulations or covering floor votes, he enjoys cooking and rooting for the Washington Nationals. Most Read Trump’s first White House Easter Egg Roll, in photos Poll: Trump woes take toll on GOP Trump slams Democratic candidate in Georgia's special election Can the consumer watchdog Trump loathes win an Ohio election? Christie angling for a comeback Eric Trump defends president’s golf trips Trump learning to love Bush aides Conway calls on Democratic party leaders to calm violent anti-Trump protesters Does Trump Still Believe in Trumpism? Trump offers himself as star attraction of Easter Egg Roll Morning Energy - POLITICO Archive Monday, 4/17/17 Friday, 4/14/17 Thursday, 4/13/17 Wednesday, 4/12/17 Tuesday, 4/11/17 View the Full Morning Energy Archives » Politico Magazine How Trump Can Build a 350-Ship Navy By Jerry Hendrix and Robert C. O'Brien Does Trump Still Believe in Trumpism? By Susan B. Glasser How to Make a Deal With North Korea By William J. Perry Who Cares if Trump Is Religious? By Michael Shermer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News JPMorgan Chase appoints Jill Biden to Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–JPMorgan Chase & Co. announced today the appointment of Dr. Jill Biden, the former Second Lady of the United States, to its Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council. The council advises the firm on a comprehensive strategy to design programs and products aimed at serving the unique needs of members of the military, veterans and their families. “As a military mom, I know how important the transition to civilian life can be for the entire family. JPMorgan Chase has gone to its strengths to offer innovative support of our transitioning service members; I am honored to join them,” said Dr. Biden. “We’re incredibly honored to have Dr. Biden join our ranks and help guide our efforts in serving military members and veterans as they transition into civilian life,” said JPMorgan Chase Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames. “Dr. Biden’s commitment to our veterans is palpable and the experience and foresights she’ll bring to the Advisory Council will be an invaluable addition that will no doubt positively impact the lives of many.” Jill Biden is a mother and grandmother, a lifelong educator, a proud military mom, and an active member of her community. As Second Lady, Dr. Biden worked to bring attention to the sacrifices made by military families. Through their Joining Forces initiative, Dr. Biden and First Lady Michelle Obama issued a national challenge to all Americans to take action and find ways to support and engage our military families in their own communities. Joining Forces aimed to educate, challenge, and spark action from all sectors of our society – citizens, communities, businesses, non-profits, faith-based institutions, philanthropic organizations, and government – to ensure that service members, veterans, and their families have the tools they need to succeed throughout their lives. With the launch of the Biden Foundation in February 2017, Dr. Biden will continue her commitment to supporting military families. The JPMorgan Chase Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council, started in 2011, includes a diverse array of individuals who are committed to uplifting service members, veterans and their families. Current members include: General Raymond T. Odierno (USA, Ret.), General Stanley A. McChrystal (USA, Ret.), Command Sergeant Major Cynthia A. Pritchett (USA, Ret.), Sergeant Major Carlton W. Kent (USMC, Ret.), Michelle Brito, Laban P. Jackson, Jr., Nathaniel Fick, Roger T. Staubach and Matthew C. Flavin. JPMorgan Chase has supported veterans since before World War I. The Military and Veterans Affairs program works closely with the company’s business and consumer facing facets and with non-profit and government partners to ensure that service members and veterans and their families have access to resources including products and services, employment opportunities, small business and strategic initiatives, and talent acquisition and development. Since the program started in 2011, JPMorgan Chase has hired more than 11,000 veterans and facilitated 385,000 veteran hires through the Veteran Jobs Mission coalition; awarded more than 900 mortgage-free homes to military families in need; helped 6,600 veterans and military spouses complete 9,100 career certifications through Veterans Career Transition Program at the Institute for Veterans and Military Families, which was co-founded and is supported by JPMorgan Chase and Syracuse University. Learn more at: www.jpmorganchase.com/veterans About JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.JPMorganChase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Christy Wright Gives Women a Guide for Starting and Running a Successful Business in Her New Book, Business Boutique Next PostNext What NCWC Inc. Can Do For You & Your Car Search Recent Posts Arena Pharmaceuticals Announces Pricing of Public Offering of Common Stock Un rapport évalue l’impact de la CEIBS sur Shanghai Omega Protein Corporation (NYSE:OME) Investor Lawsuit alleges Securities Laws Violations Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PYPL) Long Term Investor Investigation of potential Wrongdoing Law Firms in Singapore and Malaysia Launch FinTech Practice Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,637 +183.67 +0.90% Nasdaq 5,857 +51.64 +0.89% S&P 500 2,349 +20.06 +0.86% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens higher by 0.2% at 12,134.55 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens higher by 0.2% at 12,134.55 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,072.39 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.3% at 7,310.45 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 380.98 2:47 A.M. ET What satellite images reveal about China’s economy 2:35 A.M. ET H&M sales rise 6% in March as Easter comes late 2:34 A.M. ET South32 drops plan to buy Peabody mine 2:33 A.M. ET PPG urges Akzo stakeholders to back takeover bid 1:24 A.M. ET Oil steady as market takes wait-and-see approach 12:52 A.M. ET China foreign-direct investment falls 48.8% 12:52 A.M. ET China new home prices up 10.3% YOY in March 4/17 Asian markets off to slow start after holiday weekend 4/17 Sales boost ZTE's net profit by 27.8% in Q1 4/17 Trump to sign ‘Buy American, Hire American’ executive orders 4/17 Updated Turkish markets rally, but strategists say gains may be fleeting 4/17 Updated Election-battered Mexican peso is now on the verge of a bull market 4/17 Updated Why U.S. oil production isn’t done rising 4/17 Updated Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ 4/17 Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Economy & Politics Tim Mullaney Get email alerts Opinion: The data show the ‘Trump bump’ is dead By Tim Mullaney Published: Apr 17, 2017 1:25 p.m. ET Share First-quarter GDP growth is now expected to be just 0.5% ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images By TimMullaney Writer You have to hand it to Maria Bartiromo: Unlike the markets, at least the Fox Business host didn’t laugh in Donald Trump’s face last week. The 45th President of the United States sat down to tell Bartiromo the inside version of how he told Chinese President Xi Jinping over “the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake” about his decision to bomb Iraq. You read that right: Iraq. “Syria,’’ Bartiromo said gently. Yes, Syria, Trump responded gratefully enough, while assuring Bartiromo and other interlocutors that the U.S. wouldn’t put ground troops in Syria (it already has), that Hillary Clinton should be on trial about now for non-crimes of e-mail security, and how he still might fire FBI director James Comey, who’s investigating whether Trump’s team was really dumb (and treasonous) to hatch a pre-election disinformation campaign with Russian intelligence. And the administration did 180-degree turns on tax policy, health care, trade and more, the better to complement its 180-degree turn on Iraq, um, Syria and the latter’s patron, Russian strongman Vladimir Putin. No wonder the “Trump Bump” is over, buried like cavebound ISIS fighters facing the mother of all bombs. Make no mistake, the week’s news showed clearly that it’s really over. Because back on Wall Street, financial stocks slipped into minus territory for the year, even as bellwether/behemoth J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.73% reported better-than-expected earnings wrung from little to no loan growth, belying the surge of animal spirits Trump tweets about. The S&P 500 SPX, +0.86%   has now lost nearly half of its 7% early-2017 gain in the last month. Exchange-traded funds betting on stock buybacks continued to underperform the S&P for the year, reflecting skepticism that Trump can pull off a tax bill that rains hundreds of billions of dollars on share repurchases. And yields on 10-year Treasurys TMUBMUSD10Y, -0.24%   hit 2.23%, down 8.8% this year as it dawns that the Federal Reserve’s bullishness about accelerating expansion was premature. Everything you need to know to invest in marijuana(2:50) Recreational cannabis is a $6 billion industry that is projected to reach $50 billion in legal annual sales by 2026. Here's what you need to know if you're thinking of investing in marijuana. From Main Street came news that both consumer prices and retail sales fell last month — and, as Center for Budget and Policy Priorities economist Jared Bernstein points out, slowing after-inflation pay gains for non-supervisory workers. Just like the lack of borrowing, this reflects more unwillingness by a key Trump constituency — employers, especially at small businesses — to back words with deeds. Read: Empire State manufacturing index slows sharply in April One result: The Atlanta Fed’s NowCast says first-quarter gross-domestic product growth will only hit a 0.5% annual rate. Read: How the Fed will read the soft CPI and retail sales reports And, from Washington, came Joe Scarborough praising a new Trump White House, one with adults in charge, because elderly D.C. doyens like Bob Woodward and David Ignatius declared it to be thus. A prospective shooting war with North Korea may loom, but at least Trump stopped spouting right-wing fantasies about Chinese currency manipulation and figured out that business likes the Export-Import Bank, the Beltway logic goes. You can’t make this particular contrast up. Viewed from outside the Beltway, it’s hard to overstate the chaos Trump is sowing. Budget Director Mick Mulvaney told CNBC.com the administration plans to cut taxes without regard to the budget deficit. Mulvaney also noted House Republicans want to phase out Medicare in favor of vouchers, a position Mulvaney voted for six times when he was in the House —- though he said Trump may or may not go along. The administration says it might restructure the nearly 40% of the federal budget that goes to Medicare and Social Security. Plus, we learned, the administration is so adrift in its search for a tax cut that can pass Congress it is considering eliminating the payroll tax as a sop to workers. The logic is that it justifies raining more money on the 1%, who would also get nearly all of the $275 billion in tax cuts from Obamacare repeal. All the payroll tax pays for is Social Security; Trump’s coal miners are sure to think gutting Social Security is groovy for blue-collar workers. So, the administration says it might restructure the nearly 40% of the federal budget that goes to Medicare and Social Security, while upending the retirement plan of literally everyone you know. All to free up money for...stock buybacks? The public isn’t focused on it yet, so the opposition that sank George W. Bush’s more modest Social Security retrenchment plan hasn’t coalesced yet — but it’ll be yuuge. Plus, initial measurements of first-quarter economic growth are likely to come in below a 1% annual rate, according to the Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank. And the debt ceiling has to be raised by the end of this month, while the GOP doesn’t obviously have the votes to do it and Democrats have been given no reason to help the president govern when his own coalition won’t. This is what Washington considers progress in our president. The markets, as they often are, are a step ahead. More from MarketWatch: U.S. defense stocks easily outperform the broader market How the Trump stock market ranks nearing his 100th day in office 5 ways to profit from ‘Trump Trade 2.0’ Quote References JPM +1.46 +1.73% SPX +20.06 +0.86% TMUBMUSD10Y -0.01 -0.24% Most Popular Netflix rethinks its Hollywood ambitions Trump’s billionaire neighbor says he knows what will kill stock market’s ‘jungle animal spirits’ What satellite images reveal about China’s economy Here’s how the U.S. got to $20 trillion in debt How your mind can make you fat Tim Mullaney Tim Mullaney is a commentary writer who covers the economy and corporate news. MarketWatch Partner Center Tim Mullaney Tim Mullaney is a commentary writer who covers the economy and corporate news. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.86 +1.46 (+1.73%) Volume 18.6M Open $84.44 High $86.08 Low $84.37 P/E Ratio 13.23 Div Yield 2.33 Market Cap 300.3B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,349.01 +20.06 (+0.86%) Volume 1.6B Open 2,333 High 2,349 Low 2,333 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.24% -0.01 (-0.24%) Volume 0 Open 2.25% High 2.26% Low 2.24% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Yext Enters the Market With a Bang By Chris Lange April 13, 2017 12:10 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Yext Inc. (NYSE: YEXT) entered the market with a bang on Thursday in its initial public offering (IPO). The company priced its stock at $11 per share, but actually entered the market much higher at $14.03. The company offered a total of 10.5 million shares, with an overallotment option for an additional 1.575 million. At this price, the offering is valued up to $132.83 million. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, RBC Capital Markets, Pacific Crest Securities and Piper Jaffray. This company is a knowledge engine. Its platform lets businesses manage their digital knowledge in the cloud and sync it to over 100 services, including Apple Maps, Bing, Cortana, Facebook, Google, Google Maps, Instagram, Siri and Yelp. Digital knowledge is the structured information that a business wants to make publicly accessible. For example, in food service, the address, phone number or menu details of a restaurant; in health care, the health insurances accepted by a physician or the precise drop-off point of the emergency room at a hospital campus; or in finance, the ATM locations, retail bank holiday hours or insurance agent biographies. Intelligent search, which are searches of digital knowledge that combine context and intent, has grown significantly in recent years. Yext’s solution drives commerce by providing real-time digital knowledge that allows consumers to find the businesses and service providers that are most relevant to them. Yext described its finances in the filing as follows: For our fiscal years ended January 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $60.0 million and $89.7 million, respectively, our net loss was $17.3 million and $26.5 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss1 was $14.4 million and $22.0 million, respectively. For the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $64.0 million and $88.6 million and our net loss was $18.2 million and $28.6 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss was $15.2 million and $22.3 million, respectively. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate expenses. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « IEA Oil Market Report Sees Higher US Production in 2017 What Drives Americans’ Preferences for Pickups or Cars? » Read more: Technology, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Poorest Town in Every State The Best (and Worst) States for Business 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Could United Airlines Earnings Ever Have Been Good Enough? Valeant, QEP Resources Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Boeing, Nike Drive DJIA Higher Monday Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Happened in the Stock Market Today Netflix, Inc. Breaks 100 Million Global Subscribers (With a Little Help From DVD Mailers) Common Stock vs. Preferred Stock United Continental shares 1% higher after company reports earnings United Continental Q1 sales $8.4 billion, in line with expectations United Continental Q1 adj. EPS 41 cents vs. expectations 38 cents Google To Move In Near Tesla's Reno Gigafactory Wal-Mart (WMT) to Buy Online Men's Fashion Retailer Bonobos 5 Top-Ranked China Stocks to Buy as Growth Surges in Q1 U.S. business group urges Washington to 'use every arrow' against China Asia stocks mixed, dollar subdued amid North Korea concerns Netflix shares head for new high after strong subscriber outlook Most major Western leaders to skip China's New Silk Road summit INCJ looking at Toshiba chip unit auction; didn't bid in first round Supreme Court Mulls Time Bars For SEC Recovery of Ill-Gotten Profits Mike Huckabee Just Spent A Morning Yelling At Comcast On Twitter Report: Paul Manafort Now Advising Chinese Billionaire On Trump Infrastructure Contracts Cleveland Killing Prompts Facebook To Review Handling Of Violent Posts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business Entertainment Critic’s Corner S.W.A.G Awards Rediscover Detroit Rediscover Detroit: East English Village Rediscover Detroit: Green Acres Rediscover Detroit: Schulze Community Rediscover Detroit: Berry Subdivision Rediscover Detroit: Shorepointe Village Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business Entertainment Critic’s Corner S.W.A.G Awards Rediscover Detroit Rediscover Detroit: East English Village Rediscover Detroit: Green Acres Rediscover Detroit: Schulze Community Rediscover Detroit: Berry Subdivision Rediscover Detroit: Shorepointe Village Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List Business Home > Business Detroit Startup Week fuels business success May 22-26 Michigan Chronicle reports Leave a comment   Global power meets Detroit innovation to celebrate entrepreneurship On the heels of a record breaking inaugural 2016 event, Detroit Startup Week, hosted by Techstars and powered by Chase for Business, is returning to Detroit May 22-26 to celebrate Detroit’s dynamic entrepreneur community. Startup businesses of every type and stage are invited to over 100 completely free events that are designed to support startup growth and build a stronger business ecosystem in Detroit. “In true Detroit fashion, Startup Week broke the mold when it came to Detroit for the first time in 2016,” said Monica Wheat, lead of Detroit Startup Week and founder of Parallel Ventures. “With almost 4,000 attendees we surpassed all other inaugural Startup Week programs in the U.S., showing the power of the Detroit entrepreneurial community and the unmatched enthusiasm Detroiters have for growing our economy. This year’s Detroit Startup Week will only gain from that momentum.” New this year is Detroit Startup Week’s partnership with Detroit Entrepreneur Week, welcoming its founders to the advisory board and benefiting from their deep community relationships. This partnership will foster greater collaboration across business sectors, allowing tech companies and place-based startups to learn from and network with each other. “Helping entrepreneurs unleash innovative ideas is a prerequisite to economic growth,” said Regina Ann Campbell, managing director of place-based entrepreneurship at TechTown Detroit, and Detroit Startup Week advisory board member. “Bringing together startups and businesses from every stage and sector at this year’s event will be a remarkable opportunity for serendipitous collisions and idea creation.” In order to honor the strength of diversity among Detroit businesses and convey commitment to the Detroit community, Detroit Startup Week will also feature distinct neighborhood programming each day of the event, including MidTown, Osborn, Southwest and Grandmont-Rosedale. Some neighborhood programming will even be offered in Spanish and Arabic. As part of JPMorgan Chase’s $100 million, five-year commitment to Detroit’s economic recovery, the firm backs Detroit Startup Week to help deliver impact to entrepreneurs through powerful learning opportunities and exposure to investors. As a founding partner and lead sponsor, Chase for Business allows the events to be free and open to the public, providing programming and mentorship throughout the week. Tech giant Google will offer sessions on technology and marketing, including Google My Business, Adwords and Growth Marketing for Startups. Opportunities to achieve funding will occur throughout the week and will include Quicken Loans Detroit Demo Day, where hundreds of companies will compete for a share of $1 million, and Vino & Ventures, a competition for women entrepreneurs to win seed funding and investor meetings. Event goers will benefit from 15 learning tracks to support every facet of business development, including Technology, Entrepreneurship 101, Growth-Stage Entrepreneurship, Mobility, Music, Food-preneurship, Design/Art, Civic Innovation, Social Entrepreneurship, IoT – Internet of Things, MedTech, FinTech, Place-Based Entrepreneurship, Retail Entrepreneurship and Youth Entrepreneurship. “There is no other city like Detroit for starting and growing businesses,” said Jill Ford, special advisor to Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan on innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives at the City of Detroit. “Our strong community of long time and early stage entrepreneurs, business support organizations, and initiatives such as the Detroit Startup Week provide a family of support for Detroit businesses at every stage of their development.  Detroit Startup Week continues to be an extraordinary demonstration of the power of community collaboration.” Ford is a member of the Detroit Startup Week’s volunteer advisory board, which is tasked with event strategy. Other members include: Regina Ann Campbell, Paul Riser and Marcus Harris (Techtown Detroit) Christina Christian (Techstars) Ted Serbinski and Lisa Seymour (Techstars Mobility) Devita Davison (FoodLabs Detroit) Robin Kinnie (Great Lakes Women’s Business Council) Christianne Sims (BUILD Institute) Joanna Dueweke (ProsperUS Detroit) Lashawna Manigault (LifeLine Consulting) Thomas Linn and Wendolyn Wrosch (Miller Canfield) Aubrey Agee (Wayne State University) James Chapman (Rock Ventures) Jake L’Ecuyer, Kyle Bazzy and Monica Wheat (Detroit Startup Week) The week will offer sessions aligned with the tracks, networking opportunities, concerts, and even free headshots and legal advice for entrepreneurs. Event headquarters will be at the historic Masonic Temple, known for the week as #ChaseBasecamp. Events will take place at many Detroit venues including Techtown Detroit, GEM Theater and other advisory board member locations. This is all made possible by the generous support of title sponsor Chase for Business and event sponsors that include Quicken Loans/Rock Ventures, Google, Pixo Group, AMBR Detroit, and Parallel Ventures, with more sponsors joining daily. “Techstars Startup Programs is an innovator in their field, launching not just Detroit’s event, but Startup Week programs across the country,” said Wheat. “The robust support from Chase for Business, together with the expertise and resources of 50+ other passionate and influential volunteer leads, will dial up the impact of this year’s Detroit Startup Week. We are humbled by all of our partners’ dedication to Detroit’s business community, and excited for another exhilarating, meaningful celebration of entrepreneurship through Detroit Startup Week 2017.” Visit Detroit.StartupWeek.co beginning April 14 for free registration, information about funding opportunities, and event offerings. New sessions will be added to the lineup on a rolling basis. Keynote presenters and feature highlights will be announced as the event nears.   Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols Who’s the Gorgeous Black Woman Sitting Behind Neil Gorsuch? 2017 Michigan Chronicle S.W.A.G Scholarship Awards He’s Rick James, B*tch: Fans Call Dave Chappelle’s Crazy Drunk Show A Waste Of Money [VIDEO] The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
JPMorgan Chase appoints Jill Biden to Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council Former Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden with son Beau Photo Credit: White House photo by David Lienemann Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Former Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden with son Beau Photo Credit: White House photo by David Lienemann Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 17, 2017 10:10 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. announced today the appointment of Dr. Jill Biden, the former Second Lady of the United States, to its Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council. The council advises the firm on a comprehensive strategy to design programs and products aimed at serving the unique needs of members of the military, veterans and their families. “As a military mom, I know how important the transition to civilian life can be for the entire family. JPMorgan Chase has gone to its strengths to offer innovative support of our transitioning service members; I am honored to join them,” said Dr. Biden. “We’re incredibly honored to have Dr. Biden join our ranks and help guide our efforts in serving military members and veterans as they transition into civilian life,” said JPMorgan Chase Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames. “Dr. Biden’s commitment to our veterans is palpable and the experience and foresights she’ll bring to the Advisory Council will be an invaluable addition that will no doubt positively impact the lives of many.” Jill Biden is a mother and grandmother, a lifelong educator, a proud military mom, and an active member of her community. As Second Lady, Dr. Biden worked to bring attention to the sacrifices made by military families. Through their Joining Forces initiative, Dr. Biden and First Lady Michelle Obama issued a national challenge to all Americans to take action and find ways to support and engage our military families in their own communities. Joining Forces aimed to educate, challenge, and spark action from all sectors of our society – citizens, communities, businesses, non-profits, faith-based institutions, philanthropic organizations, and government – to ensure that service members, veterans, and their families have the tools they need to succeed throughout their lives. With the launch of the Biden Foundation in February 2017, Dr. Biden will continue her commitment to supporting military families. The JPMorgan Chase Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council, started in 2011, includes a diverse array of individuals who are committed to uplifting service members, veterans and their families. Current members include: General Raymond T. Odierno (USA, Ret.), General Stanley A. McChrystal (USA, Ret.), Command Sergeant Major Cynthia A. Pritchett (USA, Ret.), Sergeant Major Carlton W. Kent (USMC, Ret.), Michelle Brito, Laban P. Jackson, Jr., Nathaniel Fick, Roger T. Staubach and Matthew C. Flavin. JPMorgan Chase has supported veterans since before World War I. The Military and Veterans Affairs program works closely with the company’s business and consumer facing facets and with non-profit and government partners to ensure that service members and veterans and their families have access to resources including products and services, employment opportunities, small business and strategic initiatives, and talent acquisition and development. Since the program started in 2011, JPMorgan Chase has hired more than 11,000 veterans and facilitated 385,000 veteran hires through the Veteran Jobs Mission coalition; awarded more than 900 mortgage-free homes to military families in need; helped 6,600 veterans and military spouses complete 9,100 career certifications through Veterans Career Transition Program at the Institute for Veterans and Military Families, which was co-founded and is supported by JPMorgan Chase and Syracuse University. Learn more at: www.jpmorganchase.com/veterans About JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.JPMorganChase.com. Contacts Media: Allison Steinberg, 212-648-2646 allison.steinberg@jpmorgan.com Contacts Media: Allison Steinberg, 212-648-2646 allison.steinberg@jpmorgan.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Expect Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.72 Per Share $0.36 EPS Expected for Alcentra Capital Corp (ABDC) This Quarter 15,600 Shares in BB&T Co. (BBT) Acquired by Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA Buys 3,870 Shares of Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Marriott International Inc (MAR) Shares Bought by Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Stake Raised by Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA BLB&B Advisors LLC Sells 730 Shares of AGNC Investment Corp (AGNC) Atria Investments LLC Has $534,000 Position in Baxter International Inc (BAX) BLB&B Advisors LLC Acquires 1,220 Shares of American Tower Corp (AMT) BP plc (BP) Position Boosted by BLB&B Advisors LLC BLB&B Advisors LLC Has $7.387 Million Stake in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for ITE Group plc (ITE) Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Research Coverage Started at Stifel Nicolaus Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Price Target Raised to $132.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Align Technology (ALGN) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.12 Nomura Begins Coverage on Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Allstate Corp (ALL) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Astoria Financial Corp (AF) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.31 Select Energy Services (WTTR) Announces April 21st IPO Zacks: Brokerages Expect Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.72 Per Share April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts expect Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:ADMS) to announce ($0.72) earnings per share (EPS) for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have issued estimates for Adamas Pharmaceuticals’ earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at ($0.84) and the highest estimate coming in at ($0.64). Adamas Pharmaceuticals posted earnings per share of ($0.65) during the same quarter last year, which indicates a negative year over year growth rate of 10.8%. The firm is expected to issue its next earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. On average, analysts expect that Adamas Pharmaceuticals will report full year earnings of ($3.22) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($3.74) to ($2.76). For the next financial year, analysts anticipate that the company will post earnings of ($0.19) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.94) to $0.57. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share averages are an average based on a survey of research firms that cover Adamas Pharmaceuticals. Adamas Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ADMS) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($0.68) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.80) by $0.12. The company had revenue of $0.04 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $0.17 million. Adamas Pharmaceuticals had a negative return on equity of 38.31% and a negative net margin of 5,267.99%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 92.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.58) earnings per share. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on ADMS shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Adamas Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Mizuho reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $26.00 price objective on shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Adamas Pharmaceuticals currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $28.33. WARNING: “Zacks: Brokerages Expect Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.72 Per Share” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/zacks-brokerages-expect-adamas-pharmaceuticals-inc-adms-will-announce-earnings-of-0-72-per-share.html. In other news, CEO Gregory T. Went sold 2,807 shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.03, for a total value of $47,803.21. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 166,526 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,835,937.78. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 4,256 shares of company stock valued at $72,480. Company insiders own 31.79% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 4.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 163,450 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,683,000 after buying an additional 7,651 shares in the last quarter. Sio Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 17.0% in the third quarter. Sio Capital Management LLC now owns 66,110 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,085,000 after buying an additional 9,610 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust increased its stake in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 2.1% in the third quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 571,789 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $9,383,000 after buying an additional 11,910 shares in the last quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth approximately $219,000. Finally, Opus Point Partners Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals by 32.7% in the third quarter. Opus Point Partners Management LLC now owns 60,000 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $985,000 after buying an additional 14,802 shares in the last quarter. 75.44% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Adamas Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ADMS) traded down 0.56% during trading on Monday, hitting $16.07. The stock had a trading volume of 2,044 shares. Adamas Pharmaceuticals has a 12-month low of $12.10 and a 12-month high of $19.50. The company’s market cap is $357.06 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $17.25 and its 200-day moving average is $16.30. Adamas Pharmaceuticals Company Profile Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing medicines to manage the daily lives of those affected by chronic neurologic disorders. It offers a platform based on an understanding of time dependent biologic effects of disease activity and drug response to achieve relief without tolerability issues. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Adamas Pharmaceuticals (ADMS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks the Market Is Wrong About We think the market has this diagnostic test company, credit card processor, and Canadian oil producer all wrong. Matthew DiLallo, Sean Williams, and Jordan Wathen (TMFmd19) Apr 17, 2017 at 8:44AM The market is far from perfect. It gets stocks wrong all the time, sometimes bidding them up beyond reason and other times selling them off due to unrealistic fears. That certainly seems to be the case with Exact Sciences (NASDAQ:EXAS), American Express (NYSE:AXP), and Cenovus Energy (NYSE:CVE), which we think the market has gotten completely wrong.  Valuing companies can sometimes be an in-Exact Science(s) Sean Williams (Exact Sciences): Currently, Exact Sciences, the company behind the next-generation non-invasive colorectal cancer test known as Cologuard, has 12 analysts covering the company. Five rate it a "strong buy," three a "buy," and four a "hold." Not a single analyst believes the company is an "underperform" or "sell." However, this Fool does. Image source: Getty Images. Before I tear down the bullish thesis, I want to give credit where credit is due. I happen to like Exact Sciences' diagnostic tool and believe it'll be around for years to come in helping to prevent what the company has described as the most preventable form of cancer. There's little denying that Cologuard offered significant improvement in detecting both colorectal cancer and advanced adenomas in clinical studies that led to its approval. My valuation concerns with Exact Sciences are twofold. First, the company is primarily targeting seniors with its diagnostic tool, since seniors are far more likely to develop colorectal cancer than younger adults. The good news for Exact Sciences is that Medicare has approved its diagnostic test for reimbursement. The bad news, which I believe Wall Street continues to overlook, is that Republicans control the legislative branch of the government. Republicans have previously tried, and may continue to try, to rein in federally funded healthcare expenditures. In other words, reimbursements for Cologuard have only one way they can head in my view: down. Exact Sciences will benefit if it can keep adding new patients each quarter, but its margin on those tests could very well shrink in the future. Secondly, Exactly Sciences is still a long way from being profitable. Over the past three years, Exact Sciences has lost a combined $425 million, and burned through $394 million in cash. It did end 2016 with $311 million in cash, but with years of losses still expected, its cash balance would be expected to decline. It could be 2022 or 2023 before Exact Sciences' current valuation begins to make even the slightest shred of fundamental sense -- and that assumes it doesn't deal with a reimbursement cut from Medicare. This is an instance where we have a really intriguing product, but the investing dynamics make absolutely no sense. I believe Wall Street has Exact Sciences all wrong. A company that's living in the past Jordan Wathen (American Express): American Express shares have exploded in value on the back of a surge in bank stocks, but I'm wary of its recent surge. It continues to carry an unjustifiable premium to other card companies, in my view. Competition in the credit card industry is as strong as it has ever been. American Express is losing its position as the premier card for the most credit worthy borrowers. In travel cards, JPMorgan (NYSE:JPM) circled the high-end AmEx Platinum with the Chase Sapphire Reserve. In everyday cards, Chase Freedom variants offer more rewards than similar AmEx cards. Chase's Business Cards offer superior rewards at a lower annual fee than AmEx's Business Gold. Not only are Chase's cards more rewarding, but they're also accepted in more places, as Chase cards carry a Visa (NYSE:V) label whereas AmEx cards are processed in its own closed-loop network. American Express also lacks the cross-selling opportunities of money center and consumer banks, which offer everything from mortgages to multi-million dollar commercial loans. It's my view that American Express's brand is something of a wasting asset that is being slowly amortized as more people begin to question whether its cards' higher annual fees for cardholders and loftier fees for merchants are worth the pricetag. But if all that isn't convincing, consider this: American Express talks about targeting 20% returns on equity in a world where most banks are ecstatic to eke out 12%. In a commodity business, it's rarely a winning model to be the high bid.   Image source: Cenovus Energy. This was a great deal Matt DiLallo (Cenovus Energy): Shares of Canadian oil and gas producer Cenovus Energy plunged after it announced a $13.3 billion deal to acquire several oil and gas assets from U.S. oil giant ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP). Fueling its sell-off was the fact that Cenovus needs to take on a significant amount of debt to get the deal done, which increases its risk profile. Further, while the company acquired full control over its oil sands assets after buying out its joint venture partner, it also picked up several Canadian natural gas properties, which some analysts saw as unnecessary diversification. However, I believe the market's negative reaction to the deal was the wrong one for several reasons. First, while Cenovus will borrow heavily to complete this deal, the company's leverage metrics will remain strong at 41% debt-to-book cap and 2.4 times debt-to-EBITDA, just above its long-term targets of 30%-40% and 1.0-2.0 times, respectively. Further, the company plans to sell off some non-core assets and reduce debt. In fact, it has already received strong interest from potential buyers in the assets it has on the market. Not only will Cenovus retain its financial strength but this deal provides it with clearly visible growth. For starters, the deal doubles the company's production and reserves. Further, with full control over its oil sands assets, the company now has a clear line of sight on future expansions, estimating that it can grow production capacity from 356,000 barrels per day up to 500,000 barrels per day within five years. Meanwhile, it expects to increase gas output from the acquired properties 40% by 2019. Finally, ConocoPhillips put its stamp of approval on Cenovus Energy by agreeing to receive $2.7 billion of shares in the deal, which enables it to participate in the upside created by the transaction. Add it up, and the market's decision to sell-off Cenovus' stock in wake of this deal appears to be the wrong move.  Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. Matt DiLallo owns shares of ConocoPhillips and Visa. Sean Williams has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Visa. The Motley Fool recommends American Express. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew DiLallo, Sean Williams, and Jordan Wathen (TMFmd19) Matthew is a Senior Energy and Materials Specialist with The Motley Fool. He graduated from the Liberty University with a degree in Biblical Studies and a Masters of Business Administration. You can follow him on Twitter for the latest news and analysis of the energy and materials industries: Follow @matthewdilallo Article Info Apr 17, 2017 at 8:44AM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $85.86 up $1.46 (1.73%) Visa NYSE:V $89.81 up $0.94 (1.06%) American Express NYSE:AXP $76.67 up $0.87 (1.15%) ConocoPhillips NYSE:COP $48.95 up $0.33 (0.68%) Cenovus Energy NYSE:CVE $10.89 up $0.19 (1.78%) Exact Sciences NASDAQ:EXAS $23.80 up $0.53 (2.28%) Read More What Happened in the Stock Market Today Netflix, Inc. Breaks 100 Million Global Subscribers (With a Little Help From DVD Mailers) Common Stock vs. Preferred Stock What to Watch When eBay Reports Earnings Should Sears and Kmart Become Online-Only Stores? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Stocks the Market Is Wrong About @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM, $V, $AXP, $COP, $CVE, $EXAS
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Markets are beginning to realize a Trump-fueled economic boom may not be coming Bob Bryan Apr. 17, 2017, 9:38 AM 12,780 facebook linkedin twitter email print Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Postelection economic enthusiasm is getting a reality check. After the US election, numerous measures of economic confidence saw historic surges. But recently, a spate of weaker-than-expected economic data and doubts about whether expansionary fiscal policies promised by President Donald Trump are actually likely to make their way through Congress this year have opened up the very real possibility that a boom may not be coming. On Friday, the March reading of the consumer price index showed a decline in prices for the first time since February 2016. Core CPI — which strips out volatile food and energy prices — fell by 0.1%, its first decline since January 2010. Additionally, the Commerce Department reported that retail sales fell by 0.2% in March, the second straight dip for sales. Even stripping out auto sales, which were a large reason for the decline, core retail sales were up only 0.1%, lower than the 0.3% expected by economists. This dip in sales comes even as consumer confidence indexes have surged near their highest levels in over 10 years. The outlook for economic growth in early 2017 is similarly lackluster. The Atlanta Fed's GDP Now tracker projects that gross domestic product will grow by just 0.5% in the first quarter, which would be the lowest quarterly print in roughly two years. In his weekly note Monday morning, JPMorgan Funds' chief global strategist, David Kelly, reiterated concerns about slow growth in the first months of the year. He wrote: "As of this morning, our models are pointing to first-quarter real GDP growth of less than 1.0% annualized, with a modest acceleration to 2.0% growth in the second quarter. The economy does not appear to be stalling out. However, in the absence of fiscal stimulus, the danger of the economy overheating has clearly fallen." On top of the recent data, shifts in the political landscape also have made a surge in economic growth seem less likely. The influence of Steve Bannon, a self-described "economic nationalist," is reportedly waning in the Oval Office. Bannon was a proponent of Trump's proposed $1 trillion infrastructure investment and protectionist trade policies, two of the most inflationary and pro-growth policy proposals suggested by the administration. According to Robin Brooks, the chief economist at the Institution of International Finance, recent developments on tax reform and infrastructure spending provide another worrisome issue for growth. Brooks wrote in a note on Thursday: "From a market perspective, much hinges on prospects for U.S. tax reform/cuts, so the news that the Administration will be going back to the drawing board — meaning that Secretary Mnuchin's ambitious August deadline for a tax code overhaul plan is unlikely to be reached — is disappointing for growth stocks. Similarly, concerns that conservative Republicans may block any substantial infrastructure spending plan have sapped momentum in construction and engineering stocks — down over 10% from their late-January peak." Put another way, Trump's biggest pro-growth policies are looking less likely, and the market is catching on. Stocks and bond yields soared following last year's election, but given the faltering data and White House shake-ups, investors have begun to fade the so-called Trump trade. Yields for 10-year Treasurys are at their lowest point since the week after the election. After hitting an all-time high in early March, the Dow Jones industrial average has been slipping. This slowing in the data also has investors reconsidering how aggressive the Federal Reserve may be with its interest-rate hikes. Bloomberg's World Interest Rate Probability showed market-derived expectations for a rate hike at the Fed's June meeting dive over the past week. On Monday, the odds of a June hike were 47%, down from 66.5% one week earlier. SEE ALSO: Trump's Wall Street faction is starting to win him over NOW WATCH: Meet the MQ-25A Stingray — the US's response to threats like China's 'carrier killers' Loading video... More: Donald Trump Tax Reform Atlanta Fed GDPNow facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Markets are beginning to realize a Trump-fueled economic boom may not be coming Markets are beginning to realize a Trump-fueled economic boom may not be coming Postelection economic enthusiasm is getting a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Medicines Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Givaudan Sa (GVDNY) The Medicines Company’s (MDCO) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Kamada Ltd (KMDA) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Miguel Pardos Sells 5,000 Shares of Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) Stock Mcmullen Family Trust Sells 240,500 Shares of GT Gold Corp (GTT) Stock American National Bank Lowers Position in NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Atria Investments LLC Has $1.649 Million Stake in Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Atria Investments LLC Deere & Company (DE) Position Decreased by Atria Investments LLC -$0.50 Earnings Per Share Expected for Pandora Media Inc (P) This Quarter Zacks Investment Research Downgrades WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) to Sell Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Great Southern Bancorp (GSBC) Share Price Mechel PAO (MTL) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Navigators Group (NAVG) Stock Price Scholastic Corp (SCHL) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.44 Parametrica Management Ltd Acquires 396 Shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Private Bank & Trust Co. Sells 111 Shares of Novartis AG (NVS) 8,249 Shares in BankUnited (BKU) Acquired by Parametrica Management Ltd Private Bank & Trust Co. Purchases 4,295 Shares of TJX Companies Inc (TJX) The Medicines Company’s (MDCO) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC restated their buy rating on shares of The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a $62.00 price target on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. HC Wainwright restated a buy rating and issued a $60.00 target price on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Saturday, March 18th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a buy rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of The Medicines Company from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Chardan Capital restated a buy rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Sunday, January 8th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $53.50. The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) traded down 0.22% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $53.95. 89,451 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $51.45 and its 200 day moving average is $41.18. The Medicines Company has a 52 week low of $30.80 and a 52 week high of $55.95. The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported ($1.29) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.43) by $0.14. The Medicines Company had a negative net margin of 96.44% and a negative return on equity of 35.07%. The firm earned $25.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $26.91 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.99) earnings per share. The Medicines Company’s revenue was down 62.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that The Medicines Company will post ($5.20) EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/the-medicines-companys-mdco-buy-rating-reiterated-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. In other The Medicines Company news, CFO William Bernard O’connor sold 25,833 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.20, for a total transaction of $1,193,484.60. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 30,935 shares in the company, valued at $1,429,197. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. 7.90% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in The Medicines Company by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 599,604 shares of the company’s stock valued at $20,351,000 after buying an additional 41,994 shares in the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in The Medicines Company by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 388,374 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,181,000 after buying an additional 27,042 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in The Medicines Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $22,599,000. Artal Group S.A. acquired a new stake in The Medicines Company during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,697,000. Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its stake in The Medicines Company by 6.0% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 37,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,283,000 after buying an additional 2,130 shares in the last quarter. The Medicines Company Company Profile The Medicines Company is a global biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on advancing the treatment of acute and intensive care patients through the delivery of medicines to the hospital marketplace around the world. It markets Angiomax (bivalirudin), Ionsys (fentanyl iontophoretic transdermal system), Minocin (minocycline) for injection and Orbactiv (oritavancin). Receive News & Ratings for The Medicines Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Trump: ‘Runoff will be a win’ in Georgia special election Campaign — 3h 59m ago Pence to South Korea: ‘Our trade relationship is falling short’ International — 4h 33m ago Trump executive order to boost 'Buy American, Hire American' plan coming: report Administration — 4h 47m ago Arkansas AG to appeal stay of execution for man scheduled to die Monday State Watch — 5h 8m ago Boeing to cut hundreds of jobs News — 5h 11m ago Voting machines stolen ahead of Georgia special election: report Campaign — 5h 35m ago Trump to overhaul visa program for high-skilled workers Administration — 5h 56m ago Two new plaintiffs join lawsuit against Trump: report Administration — 6h 4m ago view all   It's time for Trump to drain the swamp at the Export-Import Bank By Rachel Bovard, opinion contributor - 04/17/17 09:40 AM EDT 19   © Getty Images The 2016 presidential election swept Donald TrumpDonald TrumpTrump: ‘Runoff will be a win’ in Georgia special election Two new plaintiffs join lawsuit against Trump: report Oregon man dies 'peacefully' after told Trump was impeached MORE into office on a wave of popular disgust with Washington – the backroom deals, the two-faced politicians, and the pervasive sense that everyone in Washington is out for themselves. The president promised he would drain the swamp. That’s good news, because in the case of the Export-Import Bank, the swamp is brimming. The Ex-Im Bank has long drawn the ire of conservatives for its complete embodiment of corporate welfare. Though the bank’s mission is to “facilitate the export of US goods and services,” it does so not for America’s small-town Mom & Pop shops, but for America’s billion-dollar corporations – Boeing, Caterpillar, General Electric, Wells Fargo and others.   Worse still, however, is its dogged insistence on violating the rules Congress has set for it.  For example, the bank’s regulations require it to be open about its transaction history – essentially, to tell anyone who is interested what, exactly, they do with the taxpayer money they receive - $5 billion in fiscal year 2016, to be exact. However, for weeks, they have stonewalled Heritage research fellow Diane Katz’s request for details on 48 separate transactions from fiscal year 2016, some as high as $500 million.  That there should even be transactions at this dollar amount is itself suspect. The bank does not currently have enough board members to form the quorum necessary to approve bank deals greater than $10 million. Nevertheless, $500 million went to JP Morgan Chase & Co. andTD Bank. $200 million was doled out to Wells Fargo. Another $15 million here, and $150 million there. Again, the bank’s charter forbids transactions over $10 million without the presence of a full quorum – which the bank does not have. So much for rules. Though Ex-Im has responded to Katz, it’s done so without the details she requested. In answer to her query about why there are transactions well in excess of $10 million, the bank replied that they were “multiyear transactions,” authorized before the quorum lapsed.  Except these transactions don’t show up in prior year approvals. The bank also replied that staff were authorized to approve short-term transactions in lieu of the board.  The transaction amounts, however, are well in excess of what staff is authorized to do. The bank’s blatant violation of its transparency requirements and its evasiveness about how, exactly, it is approving deals of more than $10 million without the necessary board quorum are fishy – more so in light of the bank’s history of wrongdoing. As Katz testified before Congress, research by the Heritage Foundation documented 124 cases of fraud and corruption investigated by Ex-Im’s Office of Inspector General between 2007 and 2014, as well as 792 separate claims involving more than half a billion dollars – not to mention criminal activity and mismanagement of risk in its huge, taxpayer-backed portfolio. In short, the Ex-Im Bank has never proven itself to be a trustworthy steward of taxpayer money, or its own rules and bylaws – which makes its failure to act transparently that much more concerning. Of course, all of this hasn’t stopped recipients of the bank’s largess from lobbying the new Trump administration to fill the three vacancies on its board, so that it can again return to doling out billions to America’s largest corporations. But if Ex-Im has proven anything, it is that their bureaucrats do whatever they want, regardless of what Congress says. President Trump’s mission to drain the swamp begins here. He should leave the board seats vacant, crack down on the bank’s blatant wrongdoing, and support conservative efforts to phase out Ex-Im’s charter. Oh, and maybe he can make the bank answer Diane Katz’s questions, too. Rachel Bovard (@Rachel_Bovard) is the director of policy services for The Heritage Foundation (@Heritage), and a former policy director for the Senate Steering Committee. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Donald Trump Rachel Bovard Ex-Im Export-Import Bank Ex-Im Bank Trade   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Democrats welcome Bernie takeover Democrats previously reticent to welcoming Sen. Bernie Sanders into their... 257 Shares 2 Voting machines stolen ahead of... The equipment was stolen last Saturday evening in Cobb County, Ga. 205 Shares 3 Nuclear anxiety grows with North... The president’s unpredictability has stoked fears about how the situation... 181 Shares 4 North Korea: ‘Thermonuclear war... A senior North Korean official added the U.S. has created "a dangerous... 181 Shares 5 Trump to overhaul visa program for... President Trump will sign an executive order on Tuesday that aims to... 171 Shares 6 House Democrat introduces bill to... A House Democrat has introduced legislation to enhance the Constitution’s... 109 Shares 7 Gorsuch has busy first day at... The Supreme Court heard oral arguments with a full court for the first... 107 Shares 8 Spicer: Trump won't release taxes... White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that President Trump's 2016... 106 Shares 9 Oregon man dies 'peacefully' after... An Oregon man died peacefully after his ex-wife told him President Trump... 86 Shares 10 Sweeping change at DOJ under... Sessions has moved quickly to overhaul the policies and priorities set by... 84 Shares 11 Trump robocall attacks Dem in... President Trump recorded a robocall Monday calling on voters to help... 79 Shares 12 Alex Jones ‘playing a character,’... Infowars founder and host Alex Jones is “playing a character,” his lawyer... 66 Shares 13 Rasmussen calls itself most... The pollster is pointing to final results posted by RealClearPolitics. 66 Shares 14 White House: No 'red lines' on... The White House sought to cool public tensions with North Korea on Monday... 59 Shares 15 White House confirms Trump call... President Trump phoned Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to... 51 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.84 EPS Expected for Cabot Corp (CBT) This Quarter Nomura Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for T-Mobile Us Inc (PCS) Boenning Scattergood Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Pebblebrook Hotel Trust (PEB) Textron Inc. (TXT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.46 Per Share $0.80 EPS Expected for Bank of Marin Bancorp (BMRC) This Quarter OneBeacon Insurance Group, Ltd. (OB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Anticipate Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.14 Per Share Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Prologis Inc (PLD) Rating Reiterated by BTIG Research CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Purchases New Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Spirit of America Management Corp NY Has $333,000 Position in Sotherly Hotels Inc (SOHO) CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Has $1.026 Million Stake in Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) First National Bank of Omaha Has $1,510,000 Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) First National Bank of Omaha Has $1.473 Million Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Spirit of America Management Corp NY Acquires New Position in Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Spirit of America Management Corp NY Maintains Position in Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) First National Bank of Omaha Has $10.23 Million Position in Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Position Reduced by Spirit of America Management Corp NY Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Tuesday. They currently have $29.00 price objective on the stock. According to Zacks, “Shares of Outfront Media outperformed the Zacks categorized REIT – Equity Trust – Other industry over the past six months. Also, its funds from operations (FFO) per share estimate for 2017 moved up over the past 30 days. In March, the company announced that over 1000 brands have utilized Outfront Mobile Network. Notably, the mobile ad delivery solution provided by Outfront offers marketers additional data analytics features and helps in drawing more audiences. Moreover, the company’s huge geographic diversity, efforts to convert from traditional static billboard displays to digital billboard displays and low-cost out-of-home (OOH) platform augur well for long term growth. But, cut-throat competition and rise in the interest rate remain concerns.” Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. TheStreet raised Outfront Media from a c rating to a b- rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Outfront Media from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $27.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Outfront Media from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $26.00 to $28.00 in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Wedbush upped their price objective on Outfront Media from $36.00 to $42.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $29.43. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) opened at 25.45 on Tuesday. Outfront Media has a one year low of $20.72 and a one year high of $27.89. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $26.23 and its 200-day moving average price is $24.94. The stock has a market cap of $3.52 billion, a P/E ratio of 38.62 and a beta of 1.28. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.19. Outfront Media had a negative return on equity of 0.79% and a negative net margin of 0.63%. The firm had revenue of $397.40 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $392.43 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.55 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Outfront Media will post $0.84 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/outfront-media-inc-out-upgraded-to-buy-by-zacks-investment-research.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th were paid a $0.36 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $1.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 5.66%. This is an increase from Outfront Media’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.34. Outfront Media’s dividend payout ratio is -1,942.58%. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. York Capital Management Global Advisors LLC bought a new position in Outfront Media during the third quarter worth $52,149,000. Scout Investments Inc. bought a new position in Outfront Media during the third quarter worth $39,319,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Outfront Media by 176.9% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,115,196 shares of the company’s stock worth $50,025,000 after buying an additional 1,351,329 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new position in Outfront Media during the fourth quarter worth $32,005,000. Finally, Vulcan Value Partners LLC bought a new position in Outfront Media during the fourth quarter worth $23,839,000. About Outfront Media OUTFRONT Media Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT), which provides advertising space (displays) on out-of-home advertising structures and sites in the United States and Canada. The Company’s segments are U.S. Media and Other. The U.S. Media segment includes U.S. Billboard and Transit. The Other segment includes International and Sports Marketing. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Outfront Media (OUT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Charts & Quotes Market Glance Commentary Education Trading Tools Contact Symbol Search Select a Commodity --Currencies-- U.S. Dollar Index British Pound Canadian Dollar Japanese Yen Swiss Franc Euro FX Australian Dollar Mexican Peso   --Energies-- Crude Oil Heating Oil Gasoline RBOB Natural Gas Ethanol   --Financials-- 30 Year T-Bond 10 Year T-Note 5 Year T-Note 2 Year T-Note 10-Year Swaps 5-Year Swaps 30 Day Fed Funds Eurodollar   --Grains-- Wheat Corn Soybeans Soybean Meal Soybean Oil Oats Rough Rice KCBT Wheat Spring Wheat Canola   --Indices-- S&P 500 Index E-Mini S&P 500 Nasdaq 100 E-Mini Nasdaq Dow Industrials E-Mini Dow NYSE Composite S&P Midcap 400 E-Mini S&P Midcap E-Mini Russell 2000 E-Mini SmallCap 600 CRB CCI Index   --Meats-- Live Cattle Feeder Cattle Lean Hogs Pork Bellies CME Milk   --Metals-- Gold Silver High Grade Copper Platinum Palladium NYSE Gold NYSE Silver   --Softs-- Cotton #2 Orange Juice Coffee Sugar #11 Cocoa Sugar #16 Lumber Symbol Lookup User: Pass:   Remember Me   Market Snapshot Market Data provided by Barchart.com No-risk real-time trial Articles Market Commentary Futures 101 Commentary Q&A With The Experts Trading Strategies RSS Feed Markets Currencies (US$, BP, Yen) Energies (Crude, Gas, Oil) Financials (Bonds, Notes) Grains (Corn, Wheat, Oats) Indices (Dow, S&P, Minis) Meats (Cattle, Hogs, Pork) Metals (Gold, Silver, Copper) Softs (Cotton, OJ, Coffee) KBW Bank Index Extended Correction Monday, April 17, 2017 by ElliottWave-Forecast of ElliottWave-Forecast KBW Bank Index Extended Correction KBW Bank Index is an economic index consisting of the stocks of 24 banking companies delivering a direct exposure to the banking sector and offering a targeted viewto a unique corner of the U.S. financials sector. The top holdings Banks of the index are among the biggest financial institutes in the world and most of them willreport earning during this week ( Citigroup,JPMorgan Chase,Wells Fargo, Bank of America). These companies havea big influence on the financial sector thatcan be measured by the ETF (XLF), which wasup 30% from last year until last month, we mentioned in our previous financial articlethat XLF was reaching an inflection area whichprovidedthe expected pullback. How this move is affecting the Banking sector ? Let’s find out by using the Elliott Wave Theory to analyse BKX. KBW Bank Index Elliott Wave View BKX made 5 swings bullish sequence from 2009 low which is different fromthe 5 impulsive waves used in Elliott Wave Theory. The advance is a part of the double three structurethatKBW Bank Index is doing and after reaching the 61.8 – 76.4 fib ext area it started the 6th swing pullback against 2016 low.The retrace in wave ((X)) would ideally reach the 50%-61.8% Fibonacci retracement around 78.11 – 72.94 area before BKX can resume it’s move to the upside. However market isn’t perfect andwe can’t determine how the pullback will unfold exactly so even a small 3 waves pullback can be enough to end it there. To determine the potential pullback area, we take a look at the daily chart as the Indexended the 2016 cycle at 03/01/2017 peak from which it’s started a Zigzag structure. So BKXcan stillextend lower toward equal legs area 81.84 – 79.10 from which it can resumehigher or bounce in 3 waves at least. If the bounce is not strong enough and the Indexfails to break above 99.84 peak, then itwill have the possibility of doing the double three correction lower toward the 61.8%-76.4%area and retesting the 2009 trend-line beforeit can be able to resume it’s uptrend. Recap KBW Bank Index longer term technical structure remain bullish while it’s holding above 2016 low 55.99. But we need further data before we can determine if the index will be able to rally for new highs after this current shallow daily correction or it needs more time to consolidate. This decline will affect the whole Financialsector and itsstocks can be fading the so called Trump rally so you need to be careful aboutholding a bank stock during this pullback. For further information on how to trade forex, indices, commodities and stocksusing Elliott Wave technique , try us 14 days for FREE . You will get access to our 52 instruments updated in 4 different time frames, Live Trading Room and 2 Live Analysis Session done by our Expert Analysts every day, 24 hour chat room support and much more soif you are not a member yet, use this opportunity and sign upto get your FREEtrial. Recent articles from this author KBW Bank Index Extended Correction - Monday, April 17, 2017 Gold Elliott Wave View: Pullback starting - Friday, April 14, 2017 Gold rallied after Elliott Wave Flat Correction - Thursday, April 13, 2017 Gold Elliott Wave View: Ending Impulse - Wednesday, April 12, 2017 CL_F Elliott Wave View: Mature Cycle - Tuesday, April 11, 2017 About the author Elliottwave-Forecast.com  (by EME PROCESSING AND CONSULTING LLC) was founded in 2005 by Eric Morera. Since inception our company has provided tailored Financial Market Services to thousands of clients. ElliottWave-Forecast has built a reputation on accurate technical analysis and a winning attitude. By successfully incorporating the Elliott Wave Theory with Market Correlation, cycles, proprietary pivot system, we provide precise forecasts with up-to-date analysis for 42 instruments including FX majors, Gold, Silver, Copper, Oil, TNX and major Equity Indices. Our clients also have immediate access to our proprietary actionable trade setups, market overview, 1 Hour, 4 Hour, Daily & weekly wave counts. Weekend webinar, Live Screen Sharing Sessions, Daily Technical Videos, Educational Resources, and 24 Hour chat room where they are provided live updates and given answers to their questions. Home  •  Charts & Quotes  •  Commentary  •  Authors  •  Education  •  Broker Search  •  Trading Tools  •  Help  •  Contact  •  Advertise With Us  •  Commodities Markets: Currencies  •   Energies  •   Financials  •   Grains  •   Indices  •   Meats  •   Metals  •   Softs The information contained on InsideFutures.com is believed to be accurate but is not guaranteed. Market data is furnished on an exchange delayed basis by Barchart.com. Data transmission or omissions shall not be made the basis for any claim, demand or cause for action. No information on the site, nor any opinion expressed, constitutes a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any futures or options contracts. InsideFutures.com is not a broker, nor does it have an affiliation with any broker. Copyright ©2005-2017 InsideFutures.com, a Barchart.com product. All rights reserved. About Us  •   Sitemap  •   Legal  •   Privacy Statement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McKesson Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American River Bankshares (AMRB) Announces Share Repurchase Program McKesson Co. (MCK) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Cut to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Marriott International Inc (MAR) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Aon plc Class A (AON) to Repurchase $5 billion in Stock Williams Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for SM Energy Co (SM) Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Effect Eni SpA (E) Stock Price Quest Diagnostics (DGX) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Nazzic S. Keene Sells 8,580 Shares of Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Stock Brokerages Anticipate Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Will Announce Earnings of $0.61 Per Share Stanley T. Crooke Sells 22,000 Shares of Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS) Stock Matthew A. Ouimet Sells 9,000 Shares of Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Stock Highland Capital Management LLC Has $291,000 Stake in Renasant Corp. (RNST) North American Energy Partners Inc. (NOA) Insider Acquires C$766,700.00 in Stock William Lytle Sells 268,000 Shares of B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Stock Highland Capital Management LLC Buys Shares of 625 Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact AerCap Holdings (AER) Stock Price Wayfair Inc (W) Insider Sells $789,120.00 in Stock Berkshire Hills Bancorp (BHLB) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Highland Capital Management LLC Sells 430 Shares of TC Pipelines, LP (TCP) McKesson Co. (MCK) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr cut shares of McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating in a report published on Tuesday morning. They currently have $157.86 price objective on the stock. A number of other brokerages have also recently weighed in on MCK. Leerink Swann set a $155.00 price objective on shares of McKesson and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Saturday, January 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of McKesson from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $171.00 to $169.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on shares of McKesson from $169.00 to $175.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Avondale Partners upgraded shares of McKesson from a market perform rating to an outperform rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $157.00 to $193.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC started coverage on shares of McKesson in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. They issued a hold rating for the company. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $171.49. McKesson (NYSE:MCK) opened at 143.20 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $30.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.99 and a beta of 1.06. McKesson has a 12-month low of $114.53 and a 12-month high of $199.43. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $147.71 and a 200 day moving average of $147.35. McKesson (NYSE:MCK) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $3.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.95 by $0.08. McKesson had a net margin of 0.97% and a return on equity of 30.05%. The business earned $50.13 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $50.71 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $3.18 earnings per share. McKesson’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that McKesson will post $12.62 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “McKesson Co. (MCK) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy”” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/mckesson-co-mck-downgraded-by-vetr-inc-to-buy.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st were issued a $0.28 dividend. This represents a $1.12 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.78%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 27th. McKesson’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 13.25%. In other McKesson news, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 100,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $150.44, for a total value of $15,119,220.00. Following the sale, the chairman now owns 22,390 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,368,351.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Insiders own 1.15% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in MCK. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. raised its stake in shares of McKesson by 16.3% in the first quarter. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. now owns 715 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. SRB Corp raised its stake in shares of McKesson by 3.4% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 814 shares of the company’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the period. Motco raised its stake in shares of McKesson by 17.0% in the third quarter. Motco now owns 825 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 120 shares during the period. Independent Advisor Alliance acquired a new stake in shares of McKesson during the fourth quarter valued at about $161,000. Finally, State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in shares of McKesson by 6.9% in the third quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 1,192 shares of the company’s stock valued at $198,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the period. 87.81% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About McKesson McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit ETF Strategist Trading the World My Success Story Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Modern Medicine Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Trading Nation Trading Nation Videos Trader Bios Independent bank analyst Mike Mayo reveals his top pick Rebecca Ungarino | @ungarino 19 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Mike Mayo reacts to the big bank earnings    Thursday, 13 Apr 2017 | 5:04 PM ET | 04:40 Closely watched bank analyst Mike Mayo, formerly of CLSA and now operating independently, was generally pleased with the first round of big banks' earnings. Looking to this week's earnings, he sees Goldman Sachs as investors' best bet for big banks. Following overall strong earnings announcements from JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo on Thursday, Mayo noted several themes. Specifically, banks' balance sheets are the strongest "in a generation," debt underwriting is improving and banks' credit quality remains quite strong. These elements, along with the S&P 500's gains in the first quarter and the positive showing from the banks reporting on Thursday, give Mayo a bit of confidence in Goldman. "Goldman Sachs is a more pure play to some of those trends, especially when it comes to higher equity markets, especially in areas like private equity and equity underwriting and areas like that," Mayo said Thursday in an interview on CNBC's "Trading Nation." To be sure, he said, Wall Street banks are faring better than those on Main Street. The yield curve is flattening and lending revenue is "flat," he wrote in an email to CNBC. He also noted that Wall Street banks have benefited from growing underwriting activity. He said one space to keep an eye on is cost control, which proved not as good as he anticipated. "So that's an area to watch, but the first quarter often has different types of noise in it," he said. In terms of banks to avoid at this juncture, Mayo pointed to Citigroup. The bank did beat estimates on the top and bottom lines, bit it's "still way below where they should be," he said. JPMorgan reported earnings and revenue that beat analysts' estimates; Wells Fargo reported earnings that topped expectations, but disappointed when it came to revenue. Goldman Sachs' earnings report is being announced Tuesday before the opening bell. Disclaimer Rebecca UngarinoAssociate Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- C --- Trading Nation A correction is coming—but don’t make this common mistake: Technical analyst The market decline is likely to continue, warns Matt Maley of Miller Tabak. But that doesn't mean it's time to panic. Once-hot Trump trade is about to fall even further, trader warns Independent bank analyst Mike Mayo reveals his top pick Looking ahead to this week's earnings, the closely watched analyst sees Goldman Sachs as investors' best big bank bet. Investors aren’t putting much stock in the Apple/Disney takeout talk Is there a chance Apple will acquire Disney? Not really, some say, but there could still be good reasons to buy both stocks. More From Trading Nation This currency could be sending a warning sign for stocks Gold just surged to a five month high—and 'has the chance to go further' This technical blip could morph into solid buying opportunity just in time for earnings season With bank earnings on tap, here's how traders are looking to cash in The market fear index is surging to a post-Trump high, and here’s why Here are two signs that investors are getting worried about the U.S. economy Trader predicts that an infamous stock is due for a bounce Trader explains the ‘uber-bullish scenario’ everyone is missing Banks are at a critical level – here’s how one trader is cashing in This chart shows why Tesla’s big rally may just be getting started Videos A new method for predicting VIX spikes    How do you know whether a VIX spike is coming? Andrew Thrasher of Financial Enhancement Group explains. Waiting on the sidelines? It’s time to buy: Technician    Ari Wald says the recent slide is over. He discusses with Stacey Gilbert of Susquehanna and Brian Sullivan. Trading Nation: Gold hits 5-month high    Stacey Gilbert, Susquehanna, and Ari Wald, Oppenheimer, discuss the moves in gold prices with Brian Sullivan. Trader Bios Stacey Gilbert Stacey Gilbert is the head of derivative strategy at Susquehanna. Lawrence McDonald Managing Director, ACG Analytics Rich Ross Managing Director, Head of Technical Analysis, Evercore ISI About Trading Nation is a multimedia financial news program that shows investors and traders how to use the news of the day to their advantage. This is where experts from across the financial world – including macro strategists, technical analysts, stock-pickers, and traders who specialize in options, currencies, and fixed income – come together to find the best ways to capitalize on recent developments in the market. Trading Nation: Where headlines become opportunities. Brian Sullivan Brian Sullivan is co-anchor of CNBC's "Power Lunch" (M-F,1PM-3PM ET), one of the network's longest running programs, as well as the host of the daily investing program "Trading Nation." He is also a frequent guest on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" and other NBC properties. Read more Connect Tweets by @TradingNation To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Q1 Earnings Surge 13% at PNC Financial The Pittsburgh-based bank turned in another solid performance. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Apr 17, 2017 at 7:27AM PNC Financial (NYSE:PNC) joined a handful of other large banks last week to kick off first-quarter earnings season for the bank industry. The $371 billion lender reported a 13% increase to its bottom line, making it the third major bank to notch double-digit earnings growth for the first three months of the year -- the other two being JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup. "PNC had a good start to the year," said CEO William Demchak in prepared remarks. "We grew loans and revenue, and we managed expenses well while continuing to invest in our businesses and to enhance innovation. As we progress through 2017, we are well positioned to benefit should environmental factors, including interest rates, turn more favorable." PNC Financial Chairman and CEO William Demchak. Image source: PNC Financial. Two things in particular helped to fuel the rise in PNC's earnings. The first was its noninterest income, which climbed $157 million, or 10%, compared with the year-ago quarter. Higher asset management revenue and fees from corporate customers were the primary drivers of this, growing $62 million and $68 million, respectively. PNC was also able to set aside less money in the first quarter in anticipation of future loan losses. Its provision for credit losses, which has the same impact on a bank's net income as expenses do, fell $64 million, or 42%. This was helped by the year-ago period, during which loan loss provisions rose in anticipation of loan defaults throughout the energy sector as oil prices dropped below $30 a barrel. Brent Crude Oil Spot Price data by YCharts. In addition to these two factors, PNC also reported a boost to its net interest income as a result of the Federal Reserve's decision to raise the fed funds rate twice over the past four months -- in December and March. The impact is most noticeable on PNC's net interest margin, its interest income as a percent of interest-earning assets, which expanded to 2.77% for the first quarter of 2017, compared with 2.69% for the fourth quarter and 2.75% for the first quarter of 2016. The one aspect of PNC's first-quarter performance that weighed on its earnings growth concerned its noninterest expenses. The costs to run the bank increased $121 million, or 5.3%, in the first quarter compared with the year-ago period. Yet because its revenue grew faster, PNC nevertheless reported positive operating leverage, which is more important for a bank's long-term performance than its absolute expense base in any given period. All told, PNC earned $963 million worth of net income applicable to common shareholders in the three months ended March 31. That equated to a 1.19% return on average assets, which continues to comfortably exceed the standard industry benchmark of 1%. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Apr 17, 2017 at 7:27AM Financials Stocks PNC Financial Services NYSE:PNC $118.41 up $2.61 (2.25%) Read More 3 Regional Banks That Return the Most Capital to Shareholders The Top-Performing Big Bank Stocks From the Past Decade Forget Bank of America Corporation: Here Are 4 Better Dividend Stocks The 5 Most Profitable Big Banks in America 1 Secret to PNC Financial's Success Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Q1 Earnings Surge 13% at PNC Financial @themotleyfool #stocks $PNC
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos Firspost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Lax security practices were responsible for the theft of $171 mn from the Union Bank of India By tech2 News Staff /  17 Apr 2017 , 15:47 #Cyber Security Reuters As India moves ever closer to its dream of digitisation, issues of security and privacy are rearing their head in increasingly alarming numbers. A close second to privacy issues, the security of digital banking transactions is an important one to consider. There is some good news on this front. A recent incident involving a $171 million heist from the Union Bank of India (UBI) was resolved, if reports are to be believed, in record time. All the money has also been recovered claim reports. The Hindu, which published a full report on the incident, states that the investigation into the heist, which took place in July 2016, spanned seven countries. The investigation involved of Indian organisations and close cooperation with the government. The Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) were also involved. Arun Tiwari, Chairman of the UBI and India’s Chief Information Security Officer Dr Gulshan Rai told The Hindu that the money was recovered within 6 days. Investigations have revealed that the heist was enabled by an infected email that was opened by an unnamed bank official. The contents of the email and the nature of the malware that resulted in the attack are unknown, but what is known is that by the next day, $171 million was stolen and transmitted to at least 5 different locations. This includes banks in Cambodia, Thailand, Taiwan and Australia. The Hindu reports that the funds were routed through Citibank and JP Morgan Chase in New York. The Swift messaging service for financial transactions was used for the hack. A Swift official told The Hindu that the Swift service itself wasn’t compromised. The official alleges that the breach occurred at the bank’s end in the first place and that they have no control over a bank’s lax security policies. Cyber security and management policies need to keep pace, said the official. Security guidelines have already been issued to customers, adds the official. Reuters The heist was discovered by a UBI treasury official who was surprised to note that an amount of $171 million was debited without his approval. He then reported the issue to senior management, who reported the theft. Once the full extent of the breach was known, it was just a matter of working with the respective governments involved to track down and retrieve the money. There was, apparently, some trouble with retrieving the money from Taiwan as India doesn’t have diplomatic ties with the Taiwanese government and a court order was needed to reverse the transaction. Last year’s hack involving the Bangladesh Central Bank (BCB) was an attempt to steal $951 million electronically. Luckily for the BCB, not all the transactions succeeded and it “only” lost around $100 million rather than 10 times that amount. Much of the money was recovered. The Bangladesh heist is telling because the mechanism of the hack bears a striking resemblance to the UBI breach. Hackers infected BCB computers with the Dridex malware by using infected Word files sent over email. Once the word document was opened, the malware was downloaded and the PC infected. This was used to record the bank’s transaction process and to steal credentials. Once the hackers had what they needed, they simply issued multiple transactions via Swift to transfer the money. Luckily for the bank, the thieves misspelled the name of one of the beneficiaries, which caught the eye of banking officials. Image Credit: RT.com While most of the money was recovered, the perpetrators were never identified. In the case of the UBI hack as well, it appears that identifying the perpetrators will be impossible. In both cases, it’s quite clear that lax security practices resulted in these heists. The Dridex malware, for example, spreads via Word and Excel documents sent in spam or phishing mail. Worse still, the document will need to be opened by the user, macros will have to be enabled in Word or Excel (these are off by default) and only then will the PC get infected. Dridex is hard to block via an anti-virus program, so adherence to stringent security policies is the best means of protection. As Swift India’s CEO Kiran Shetty explains, installing firewalls on servers and following safe computing practices alone can prevent “85 percent of cyber-attacks.” Banks need to buck up and sort out their security practices. Financial fraud is expensive and banks are a huge and easy target for hackers. Publish date: April 17, 2017 3:47 pm| Modified date: April 17, 2017 3:47 pm Tags: $171 million Union Bank of India heist, Bangladesh Central Bank Heist, Hackers, Union Bank of India heist, Union Bank of India security practices Also read India and Bangladesh together account for about 97 percent of renewable energy in South Asia Recent cyber attack on Union Bank in India was similar to the hack attack in Bangladesh cyber heist X Recommended For You Post graduate courses in cyber security and data sciences to be offered by Manipal University Cisco launches Cyber Range Lab to train security staff for future threats Ravi Shankar Prasad states that India supports better international cooperation in cyber security 36.6 million data records were breached in 33 data breaches in India last year Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Airtel Apr 18, 2017 Apple, Airtel, MobiKwik, Opera among others pulled up by advertising body ASCI for misleading ads #Facebook Apr 18, 2017 Facebook F8 conference: AI and bots could be the major draws at the F8 developer conference #Partnered Mar 30, 2017 The Fashion Shopper has gone mobile: New report by BCG & Facebook #AI Apr 18, 2017 Self-taught AI is the future of computing, and Google is helping us get there #Google Maps Apr 18, 2017 Google Maps for iOS adds directions widget; now offers directions on lock screen #Samsung Apr 18, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ to be launched in India on 19 April; sends out media invites SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Swift Transportation Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Swift Transportation Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stephens Lowers Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) to Equal Weight Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Sunoco LP (SUN) Price Target Raised to $29.00 Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) PT Set at $28.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Fortaleza Asset Management Inc. Has $711,000 Position in Home Depot Inc (HD) Zillow Group, Inc. (ZG) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Capital Guardian Trust Co. Has $5.431 Million Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Sold by Capital Guardian Trust Co. ARS Investment Partners LLC Acquires 822 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Position Raised by Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. AQR Capital Management LLC Acquires 144 Shares of Capitol Federal Financial, Inc. (CFFN) AQR Capital Management LLC Invests $642,000 in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Denver Investment Advisors LLC Cuts Stake in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Cummins Inc. (CMI) Earns Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Stock Rating Upgraded by EuroPacific Canada Chevron Co. (CVX) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Dean Foods Co (DF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) PT Lowered to $31.00 at Citigroup Inc Stephens Lowers Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) to Equal Weight April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stephens downgraded shares of Swift Transportation Co (NYSE:SWFT) from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. A number of other research firms have also recently commented on SWFT. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Swift Transportation from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Vetr cut shares of Swift Transportation from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating and set a $25.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, April 10th. Wells Fargo & Co cut shares of Swift Transportation from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Swift Transportation from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $31.00 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Finally, Barclays PLC cut shares of Swift Transportation from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $29.00 to $24.00 in a report on Friday, March 24th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $25.73. Shares of Swift Transportation (NYSE:SWFT) opened at 22.10 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $21.10 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.68. Swift Transportation has a one year low of $14.31 and a one year high of $27.18. The firm has a market cap of $2.94 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.09 and a beta of 1.71. Swift Transportation (NYSE:SWFT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.40 EPS for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.40. The company had revenue of $1.04 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.04 billion. Swift Transportation had a net margin of 4.05% and a return on equity of 29.46%. Swift Transportation’s revenue was down 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.53 EPS. Analysts forecast that Swift Transportation will post $1.06 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/stephens-lowers-swift-transportation-co-swft-to-equal-weight.html. In other Swift Transportation news, Director Strategic Value Partners, Llc bought 805,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Sunday, January 22nd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $28.50 per share, with a total value of $22,942,500.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Insiders own 44.90% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Swift Transportation during the fourth quarter valued at $43,765,000. Peregrine Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in Swift Transportation during the third quarter valued at $18,625,000. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Swift Transportation by 502.8% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 760,146 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,517,000 after buying an additional 634,040 shares during the last quarter. Scopus Asset Management L.P. purchased a new position in Swift Transportation during the third quarter valued at $12,286,000. Finally, D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. boosted its position in Swift Transportation by 333.0% in the third quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. now owns 721,592 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,493,000 after buying an additional 554,929 shares during the last quarter. 73.76% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Swift Transportation Swift Transportation Company is a multi-faceted transportation services company. As of December 31, 2016, the Company operated fleets of truckload equipment in North America from over 40 terminals near key freight centers and traffic lanes. The Company’ segments include Truckload, Dedicated, Swift Refrigerated and Intermodal. Receive News & Ratings for Swift Transportation Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Swift Transportation Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dean Foods Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cummins Inc. (CMI) Earns Hold Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Stock Rating Upgraded by EuroPacific Canada Chevron Co. (CVX) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Dean Foods Co (DF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) PT Lowered to $31.00 at Citigroup Inc Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $372,000 Stake in Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) CyrusOne Inc (CONE) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Asante Solutions Inc (PUMP) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Fiera Capital Corp Boosts Stake in General Electric Company (GE) Abeona Therapeutics Inc (ABEO) Earns Buy Rating from Maxim Group Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Electrocomponents plc (ECM) Renaissance Technologies LLC Purchases 112,101 Shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) Perion Network Ltd (PERI) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $2.408 Million Position in Internap Corp (INAP) Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Shares Bought by Continental Advisors LLC Ativo Capital Management LLC Has $1,483,000 Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $2.356 Million Position in Hallmark Financial Services, Inc. (HALL) Global Partners LP (GLP) Stake Cut by Renaissance Technologies LLC Dean Foods Co (DF) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Dean Foods Co (NYSE:DF) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Dean Foods has underperformed the broader industry on a year to date basis. This is mainly attributed to the company’s dependence on raw milk prices, which are very inconsistent. Evidently, a sequential rise in raw-milk prices and soft volumes hurt Dean Foods’ fourth quarter performance. Further, expectations of dairy commodity inflation and lower volumes led to a dull first quarter earnings view. Estimates have been stable lately ahead of the company’s first quarter earnings release, while the company has a mixed record of earnings surprises in recent quarters. However, the company has been taking steps to optimize its capital allocation and concentrate on core business activities. While the company’s deals with Organic Valley and Friendly’s highlight its focus on the growth of its core dairy-related business, it is also vouching for opportunities in juices, teas and other beverages.” DF has been the subject of a number of other reports. Vertical Research raised shares of Dean Foods from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein downgraded shares of Dean Foods from an outperform rating to a market perform rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $21.31 to $22.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Dean Foods from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Dean Foods from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $22.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $22.00. Dean Foods (NYSE:DF) opened at 19.52 on Tuesday. Dean Foods has a 52 week low of $15.69 and a 52 week high of $22.31. The company has a 50-day moving average of $18.93 and a 200-day moving average of $19.21. The company has a market capitalization of $1.77 billion, a PE ratio of 14.88 and a beta of 0.28. Dean Foods (NYSE:DF) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.03. Dean Foods had a return on equity of 24.87% and a net margin of 1.37%. The firm earned $2.02 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.01 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.36 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down .2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Dean Foods will post $1.40 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/dean-foods-co-df-rating-lowered-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Shareholders of record on Monday, March 20th were paid a $0.09 dividend. This represents a $0.36 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.84%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 16th. Dean Foods’s payout ratio is 31.30%. In other Dean Foods news, Director J Wayne Mailloux sold 3,033 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.70, for a total value of $59,750.10. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 104,450 shares in the company, valued at $2,057,665. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 2.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in DF. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in Dean Foods by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 5,548 shares of the company’s stock worth $120,000 after buying an additional 145 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd boosted its position in Dean Foods by 158.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 7,735 shares of the company’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 4,737 shares during the last quarter. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. bought a new position in Dean Foods during the fourth quarter worth $200,000. Elkfork Partners LLC bought a new position in Dean Foods during the fourth quarter worth $201,000. Finally, Gideon Capital Advisors Inc. bought a new position in Dean Foods during the fourth quarter worth $202,000. About Dean Foods Dean Foods Company is a food and beverage company. The Company processes and distributes fluid milk, and other dairy and dairy case products in the United States. It is engaged in manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing a range of branded and private label dairy and dairy case products. It offers branded and private label dairy case products, including fluid milk, ice cream, cultured dairy products, creamers, ice cream mix and other dairy products to retailers, distributors, foodservice outlets, educational institutions and governmental entities across the United States. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Dean Foods (DF) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Dean Foods Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu asia times EST 1995 Southeast Asia | US-Indonesia disputes in the spotlight Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China India Regions Northeast Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central Asia Middle East Opinion More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 18-04-2017 13:33 The tech sector grossed 693.9 billion yuan (US$100 billion) during the first three months of this year, accounting for 3.8% of China’s economy. (Steve Wang) 18-04-2017 13:24 A retrospective of Taiwanese director Edward Yang's work at the Hong Kong International Film Festival offers a rare chance to reappraise the influential Taipei Story (Richard James Havis) 18-04-2017 12:39 The gruesome vigilante murder of Mashal Khan, 26, by his fellow students last Thursday – after he was accused of committing blasphemy – has once again brought into sharp focus the failure of Pakistan as a state. (F.M. Shakil) 18-04-2017 11:37 Opinion // Ivanka’s golden appeal in China may be Trump’s secret weapon (Carly O'Connell) 18-04-2017 10:17 Nervous China ramps up religious persecution (Doug Bandow, Japan Times) 18-04-2017 09:44 As the clouds or war gather around North Korea, most residents of the capital Pyongyang took advantage of the weekend celebration of the birth of founder Kim Il Sung to take strolls in the parks and visit flower shows. The zoo was also packed with families and children. (AP) 18-04-2017 08:52 The Mitsubishi Regional Jet has been delayed five times and faces rising costs, yet its future seems assured by the corporate muscle behind it and a government set on reviving an aerospace industry dismantled after World War Two. (Tim Kelly and Maki Shiraki at Reuters) 18-04-2017 07:12 Ant raises Money Gram bid 36% to US$1.2b (Reuters) 18-04-2017 06:35 North Korea reportedly ignored appeals from China’s top diplomat for meetings between the two countries in a show of belligerence to one of the rogue states' only friends in world. (Asia Unhedged) 18-04-2017 04:38 Chinese and Russian ships have been dispatched to chase a US aircraft carrier strike group headed for the Korean peninsula, as China urges mutual restraint from the US and North Korea. (Asia Unhedged) 18-04-2017 04:19 Japanese delivery service Yamato Transport is beginning a driverless car delivery pilot program this week, as the company continues to face a driver shortage. (Asia Unhedged) 18-04-2017 04:10 Microsoft Korea said Monday that they have added cloud-powered artificial intelligence functions for Korean users of their cloud services. (Asia Unhedged) 18-04-2017 02:40 Opinion // Xiongan, Xi’s legacy project, may not live up to its vaunted promise (Alberto Sperindio, Xi'an Jiaotong University) 18-04-2017 02:11 China’s steel output for March soared to a record high, despite government moves to cut capacity, as demand remained flat. (Asia Unhedged) 18-04-2017 01:34 Jakarta’s governor is in danger of being voted out of office on Wednesday, despite widespread approval of his performance, as polls show Muslim voters are choosing to focus on religion. (Asia Unhedged) 18-04-2017 00:57 Alibaba affiliate Ant Financial has finally upped its bid in its quest to acquire MoneyGram, offering US$1.2 billion after an original bid of US$880 million. (Asia Unhedged) 17-04-2017 23:28 Following Qatar Airways' announcement that it plans to start an airline in India, German carrier Lufthansa warned the move will be a “misadventure.” (Asia Unhedged) 17-04-2017 22:56 Jakarta-based Uber rival Go-Jek is in talks to raise US$1 billion as the race to capture ride-hailing market share in Southeast Asia’s largest economy heats up. (Asia Unhedged) 17-04-2017 22:12 In a sign that President Rodrigo Duterte is not ready to cut military ties with Washington, the Philippines has given the green light for annual drills with the US. (Asia Unhedged) 17-04-2017 19:43 On North Korea, the Trump administration is hoping to succeed where previous administrations have all failed, convincing China to get tough on the Kim regime. (Asia Unhedged) 17-04-2017 19:38 Turkish President Recep Erdogan’s slim political victory on Sunday set gears in motion for momentous changes to the country’s government and offered the country stability, but the president’s battle is not over. (Asia Unhedged) 17-04-2017 19:34 The topsy-turvy French presidential election has sent volatility in the euro to its highest level since before the Brexit vote, and this time the stakes are even higher as investors wait for voting next Sunday. (Asia Unhedged) 17-04-2017 17:24 The Indonesian capital's massive traffic jams cost the Indonesian economy billions in losses every year, a problem even record-breaking infrastructure spending now underway could take decades to unsnarl. (John McBeth) 17-04-2017 17:24 US-Indonesia bilateral tensions will be in the spotlight when American Vice President Mike Pence lands in Jakarta this week for what US officials have billed as a 'goodwill' visit. (Reuters) 17-04-2017 16:54 US Vice President Mike Pence put North Korea on notice on Monday that neither the United States nor South Korea would tolerate further missile and nuclear tests, saying US attacks in Syria and Afghanistan show its resolve. (Reuters) 17-04-2017 15:28 Myanmar’s already fractious peace politics are being complicated by rising geostrategic competition for influence between China and the West (Stella Naw) 17-04-2017 15:28 Myanmar pipeline boosts China’s energy security (Bloomberg) 17-04-2017 14:11 Looming Hard Brexit fires fantasies that the secret to restoring the UK's past glory will be found along China's New Silk Road. Whips, chains and leather boots seem much more likely. (Richard Cook) 17-04-2017 14:01 A domestic worker in Singapore was unable to find work for months after a former employer filed a false complaint about her to the Ministry of Manpower. (Asia Times staff) 17-04-2017 13:46 A Chinese man, aged about 30, is being hunted by police after he was seen stealing pink pajamas from outside a village house in Tuen Mun on Friday. (Asia Times staff) the brief Southeast AsiaDiplomacy US-Indonesia disputes in the spotlight Bilateral tensions lurk behind American Vice President Mike Pence's upcoming visit to Jakarta, a three-day tour the US has billed as a 'goodwill' visit By Reuters April 17, 2017 5:24 PM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Papuan students display placards during an anti-Freeport rally in front of the US giant Freeport-McMoRan office in Jakarta on April 7, 2017. The students demanded an end to mining by Freeport in Papua and the freedom of Papua from Indonesia. / AFP PHOTO / Bay ISMOYO Washington has billed Vice President Mike Pence’s visit to Indonesia next week as a booster for the Strategic Partnership between the world’s second- and third-largest democracies, but a raft of bilateral tensions could sap the goodwill from his trip. Pence’s counterpart in the world’s most populous Muslim country has voiced worries about US President Donald Trump’s immigration policy, which critics say is biased against Muslims, and about his “America First” mantra on trade and investment. “We in Indonesia never change. The change is there. That’s why we’re asking them now, ‘what is your policy now on the economy, on democracy, now that Trump is in power?’,” Vice President Jusuf Kalla told Reuters on March 31. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox “What does it mean, ‘America first’? I can say, too, ‘Indonesia first’ if you say ‘America first’.”  US President Donald Trump (R) and Vice President Mike Pence (L) at a campaign rally before last year’s US presidential election. Photo: Reuters/Jonathan Ernst Indonesia is one of 16 countries against which the United States runs a trade deficit that will be investigated by the Trump administration for possible trade abuses. Trump’s combative approach will not sit easily with Indonesia, where economic nationalism and protectionist tendencies have flourished since a slump in commodity prices in recent years slammed the brakes on economic growth. “Unfortunately I do see a hardening of attitudes on our side,” said a senior Indonesian government official, who declined to be named. “And it’s of particular concern because we’re on that list of 16 countries … that are going to be investigated.” The official said a tougher stand by Indonesian authorities had also contributed to a series of disputes with US companies, including Alphabet Inc’s Google, miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc and financial services giant JP Morgan Chase & Co. Indonesia has dueled with Google over back taxes and fines running into hundreds of millions of dollars, and with Freeport in a contract row that has crippled operations at the world’s second-largest copper mine, Grasberg. Freeport McMoRan’s Grasberg mining complex, one of the world’s biggest gold and copper mines located in Indonesia’s remote eastern Papua province. Photo: AFP/Olivia Rondonuwu It also dropped JP Morgan as a primary bond dealer after the bank’s research analysts issued a negative report on the country in November. “It’s a very unfortunate series of issues which all happen to be American,” said the official, who expects them to come up in private during Pence’s visit. Indonesia is the third stop on an April 15-25 tour that includes South Korea, Japan and Australia. Google declined to comment for this report, and JPMorgan did not respond to a request for comment. Freeport Indonesia spokesman Riza Pratama said: “This visit is happening entirely independent of our current negotiations with the government of Indonesia.” However, billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Freeport’s third-biggest shareholder and now a special adviser to Trump, has described Jakarta’s tactics over the mining contract as “disingenuous and insulting”, according to the New York Times. Billionaire investor and Freeport shareholder Carl Icahn believes Indonesia’s treatment of the mining giant has been “disingenuous.” Photo: Reuters/Brendan McDermid Another potential irritant is biodiesel. The US National Biodiesel Board (NBB), a producer group, has petitioned the US government to impose anti-dumping duties on biodiesel from Indonesia and Argentina, claiming they have flooded the US market. “This is one of the issues that we have asked the trade ministry to bring to the meeting (with Pence),” Paulus Tjakrawan, a director at the Indonesia Biofuel Producers Association, told Reuters. “Our hope is for the government to be firm … Otherwise we will be taken advantage of,” he said. “Not to act like thugs but, for example, if they put barriers to our exports, why not stop importing some of their goods?” Despite the strains, the government official said Indonesia would be careful to start its relationship with the Trump administration on the right foot. Indonesia’s President Joko Widodo (L) with former US President Barack Obama at a summit meeting on May 27, 2016. Photo: AFP/ Stephane De Sakutin  Indonesian President Joko Widodo’s approach to foreign policy has been led more by economic interests than geopolitical considerations: he has pursued increased trade and investment from China but keeps a diplomatic distance from Beijing and established a strategic partnership with Washington under former President Barack Obama. US ambassador to Indonesia, Joseph Donovan Jr, said in a statement last week that Pence’s visit reflected a continued commitment to that partnership, would deepen economic engagement and boost regional security cooperation. “The US embassy here certainly is going to great lengths to make the visit a success,” said the Indonesian official. “My impression is he’s (Pence) not going to ruffle feathers in public, he’s not going to cause a ruckus.” Share Tweet Linkedin Email Southeast Asia Diplomacy Mike Pence Joko Widodo Freeport-McMoRan Comments More on this topic A game changer for Syria? Omar Ashour China’s Xi urges peaceful resolution in call with Trump Reuters US carrier strike group diverted to North Korea region Reuters EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China Northeast Asia Insights Southeast Asia World Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #South Asia #Japan #Middle East #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Hong Kong About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) to Buy Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for DP Poland Plc (DPP) Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Panmure Gordon Reiterates Buy Rating for McBride plc (MCB) Majestic Wine PLC (MJW) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Buy Rating for National Grid plc (NG) Revolution Bars Group PLC (RBG) Earns Buy Rating from Peel Hunt Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital FBR & Co Boosts Westlake Chemical Partners LP (WLKP) Price Target to $30.00 Barclays PLC Lowers Carrefour Sa Spon (CRRFY) to Equal Weight Sse Plc (SSEZY) Raised to Buy at Berenberg Bank American National BankShares Inc (AMNB) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Given a $84.00 Price Target by HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Knight Transportation (KNX) Coverage Initiated at Vertical Research N+1 Singer Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Scapa Group plc (SCPA) 1Spatial PLC’s (SPA) Corporate Rating Reaffirmed at N+1 Singer LSB Industries, Inc. (LXU) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) to Buy April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The brokerage presently has a $44.00 price objective on the stock. Zacks Investment Research’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 15.12% from the stock’s previous close. According to Zacks, “Mercury Systems, Inc. is a commercial provider of secure sensor and mission processing subsystems for defense and intelligence programs. The Company’s products and solutions are deployed in more than 300 programs with over 25 different defense prime contractors. “ A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $30.00 target price on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Monday, March 27th. Citigroup Inc upped their target price on Mercury Systems to $48.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Mercury Systems in a report on Thursday, March 9th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 target price on the stock. Bank of America Corp upgraded Mercury Systems from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price objective on shares of Mercury Systems in a report on Friday, January 20th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $40.00. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) opened at 38.22 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $38.42 and its 200-day moving average is $32.06. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.57 billion, a PE ratio of 69.24 and a beta of 0.50. Mercury Systems has a 52-week low of $19.78 and a 52-week high of $40.86. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last issued its earnings results on Monday, January 23rd. The company reported $0.30 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.11 by $0.19. The company had revenue of $98 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $93.21 million. Mercury Systems had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 6.53%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 62.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.23 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Mercury Systems will post $0.59 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) to Buy” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-mercury-systems-inc-mrcy-to-buy.html. In related news, insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.15, for a total value of $356,640.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 595,849 shares in the company, valued at $22,135,790.35. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Insiders sold 38,400 shares of company stock worth $1,414,944 in the last 90 days. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MRCY. Castleark Management LLC purchased a new position in Mercury Systems during the fourth quarter worth approximately $10,240,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Mercury Systems by 28.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,207,883 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,678,000 after buying an additional 266,156 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Mercury Systems by 8.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,837,803 shares of the company’s stock worth $69,725,000 after buying an additional 228,934 shares in the last quarter. Axiom International Investors LLC DE increased its position in Mercury Systems by 394.8% in the fourth quarter. Axiom International Investors LLC DE now owns 265,206 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,015,000 after buying an additional 211,609 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Taylor Wealth Management Partners purchased a new position in Mercury Systems during the third quarter worth approximately $5,028,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 79.14% of the company’s stock. About Mercury Systems Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Mercury Systems (MRCY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pagegroup PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Majestic Wine PLC (MJW) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Buy Rating for National Grid plc (NG) Revolution Bars Group PLC (RBG) Earns Buy Rating from Peel Hunt Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Pagegroup PLC (PAGE) Oxford Instruments plc (OXIG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital FBR & Co Boosts Westlake Chemical Partners LP (WLKP) Price Target to $30.00 Barclays PLC Lowers Carrefour Sa Spon (CRRFY) to Equal Weight Sse Plc (SSEZY) Raised to Buy at Berenberg Bank American National BankShares Inc (AMNB) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Given a $84.00 Price Target by HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Knight Transportation (KNX) Coverage Initiated at Vertical Research N+1 Singer Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Scapa Group plc (SCPA) 1Spatial PLC’s (SPA) Corporate Rating Reaffirmed at N+1 Singer LSB Industries, Inc. (LXU) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Severfield PLC (SFR) Given New GBX 90 Price Target at Peel Hunt Carclo plc (CAR) Earns Buy Rating from Peel Hunt Yara International ASA (YARIY) Rating Increased to Conviction-Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Pagegroup PLC (LON:MPI) in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The firm currently has a GBX 410 ($5.09) target price on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. HSBC Holdings plc restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 490 ($6.08) price objective on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a report on Monday, April 10th. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price objective on shares of Pagegroup PLC from GBX 400 ($4.97) to GBX 430 ($5.34) and gave the stock a sector performer rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Barclays PLC restated an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.46) price objective on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a report on Thursday, March 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on shares of Pagegroup PLC from GBX 360 ($4.47) to GBX 390 ($4.84) and gave the stock an underweight rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Liberum Capital restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 390 ($4.84) price objective on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 422.27 ($5.24). TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/pagegroup-plc-mpi-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. About Pagegroup PLC PageGroup plc, formerly Michael Page International plc, is engaged in the recruitment consultancy and other ancillary services. The Company’s segments include EMEA, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific and Americas. The Company is organized into approximately three brands operating at various levels of the market: Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Executive. Receive News & Ratings for Pagegroup PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exxon Mobil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc (ALDR) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.95 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Carnival Corp (CCL) Will Post Earnings of $0.47 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Will Announce Earnings of $0.70 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Intrexon Corp (XON) to Announce -$0.23 EPS Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact PharmAthene (PIP) Share Price Insider Buying: New Age Beverages Corp (NBEV) Director Purchases 15,000 Shares of Stock John Michael Hooks Buys 21,600 Shares of Canadian Energy Services & Technlgy Corp (CEU) Stock Franklin Mutual Advisers Llc Sells 2,718,359 Shares of HCC Insurance Holdings, Inc. (HCC) Stock BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd (BCRH) to Sell BT Group plc (BT) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect SunCoke Energy (SXC) Share Price Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Very Likely to Affect Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Stock Price Taseko Mines (TGB) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Brokerages Anticipate Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Will Post Earnings of -$0.30 Per Share Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (OMED) Downgraded by JMP Securities Ferrari (RACE) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance Tweet Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by HSBC Holdings plc in a report released on Thursday. They presently have a $85.00 price target on the stock. HSBC Holdings plc’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 4.05% from the company’s previous close. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the company. Royal Bank of Canada set a $95.00 price target on Exxon Mobil and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Vetr raised Exxon Mobil from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $91.00 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Barclays PLC dropped their price target on Exxon Mobil from $97.00 to $94.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Scotiabank set a $90.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Exxon Mobil from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Exxon Mobil has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $89.96. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) traded down 0.13% during trading on Thursday, hitting $81.58. The stock had a trading volume of 5,714,614 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $82.10 and a 200-day moving average price of $85.29. Exxon Mobil has a 12 month low of $80.31 and a 12 month high of $95.55. The stock has a market cap of $338.27 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 43.46 and a beta of 0.91. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.41 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.70 by $0.29. Exxon Mobil had a net margin of 3.47% and a return on equity of 5.56%. The firm had revenue of $61.02 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $62.28 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.67 earnings per share. Exxon Mobil’s quarterly revenue was up 2.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Exxon Mobil will post $3.93 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/exxon-mobil-co-xom-given-a-84-00-price-target-by-hsbc-holdings-plc-analysts.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter worth about $3,306,084,000. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 200,026,488 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,054,385,000 after buying an additional 8,303,490 shares in the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 824.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 7,221,961 shares of the company’s stock worth $651,912,000 after buying an additional 6,440,709 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter worth about $380,254,000. Finally, Fayez Sarofim & Co. increased its position in shares of Exxon Mobil by 35.3% in the third quarter. Fayez Sarofim & Co. now owns 12,318,584 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,075,029,000 after buying an additional 3,211,005 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 51.09% of the company’s stock. About Exxon Mobil Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BHP Billiton plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News LSB Industries, Inc. (LXU) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Severfield PLC (SFR) Given New GBX 90 Price Target at Peel Hunt Carclo plc (CAR) Earns Buy Rating from Peel Hunt Yara International ASA (YARIY) Rating Increased to Conviction-Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Osisko gold royalties’ (OR) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada National Australia Bank Ltd. (NABZY) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Oil States International, Inc. (OIS) a $35.00 Price Target Barclays PLC Analysts Give Navient Corp (NAVI) a $20.00 Price Target BlackBerry Ltd (BB) PT Raised to C$12.50 Denison Mines Corp (DML) Now Covered by CSFB Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest GNC Holdings Inc (GNC) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Wincanton plc (WIN) Research Coverage Started at Canaccord Genuity Worldpay Group PLC (WPG) Receives Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Siemens AG (SIE) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €78.00 Price Target for Daimler AG (DAI) SAP SE (SAP) Given a €95.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital reiterated their sell rating on shares of BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) in a research note published on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 800 ($9.93) price target on the mining company’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an underweight rating and issued a GBX 1,265 ($15.71) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Macquarie reissued an outperform rating and issued a GBX 1,590 ($19.74) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 1,420 ($17.63) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 1,400 ($17.38) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a sector performer rating and issued a GBX 1,625 ($20.18) price target on shares of BHP Billiton plc in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 1,323.43 ($16.43). Shares of BHP Billiton plc (LON:BLT) opened at 1259.384 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,290.89 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 1,306.95. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 67.02 billion. BHP Billiton plc has a 1-year low of GBX 786.40 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,518.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/bhp-billiton-plc-blt-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-liberum-capital.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, March 28th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 9th were issued a €0.40 ($0.43) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.28%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 9th. About BHP Billiton plc BHP Billiton Plc is a global resources company. The Company is a producer of various commodities, including iron ore, metallurgical coal, copper and uranium. Its segments include Petroleum, Copper, Iron Ore and Coal. The Petroleum segment is engaged in the exploration, development and production of oil and gas. Receive News & Ratings for BHP Billiton plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BHP Billiton plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » International » Market Report Rs.236.66 Crores Loans Sanctioned To 65 SC Entrepreneurs Under Venture Capital Fund Scheme FOR SCS Till Date Business Standard US stocks drop for third consecutive day Capital Market  April 17, 2017 Last Updated at 10:23 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUxhN6 ALSO READ Gold rises from 10-month lows but heading for fourth consecutive weekly drop Normal life affected in Kashmir for 115th consecutive day Calm borders in J&K for 5th consecutive day Srinagar-Jammu highway closed for fifth consecutive day Jammu-Srinagar highway closed for 2nd consecutive day Energy and financial stocks among the largest decliners US stocks fell on Thursday, 13 April 2017 to close at session lows, cementing a three-day losing streak and a decline for the holiday-shortened week as investors dealt with the start of earnings season and intensifying geopolitical jitters. The U.S. dropping the largest nonnuclear weapon in its arsenal on a complex of caves in Afghanistan did little to encourage traders into a buying mood, with stocks extending losses after reports of the bombing mission. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 138.61 points, or 0.7%, to close at its session low at 20,453.25. The Nasdaq Composite fell 31.01 points, or 0.5%, to close at a session low of 5,805.15. The S&P 500 index dropped 15.98 points, or 0.7%, to its session low of 2,328.95. For the week, the Dow fell 1%, the S&P 500 dropped 1.1%, and the Nasdaq fell 1.2%. 11 of the index's sectors finished lower, with energy and financial stocks among the largest decliners. Shares of Chevron and Caterpillar led declines. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo kicked off the earnings season on Thursday morning with some better than expected results. All three companies beat earnings expectations. Wells Fargo's revenue fell short of forecasts, and the bank remains stuck in the spotlight for its recent sales-practices scandal. In the end, the financial sector finished the day solidly lower, but it was not the worst performing sector. In recent days, trading has also been marked by concerns over the crisis in Syria and heightened tensions between the U.S. and North Korea. In the latest economic data, weekly first-time jobless claims fell slightly in the latest week, dropping to 234,000. Separately, the producer-price index fell 0.1% in March, though core PPIwhich excludes food, energy, and tradewas up 0.1%. Separately, a preliminary reading of consumer sentiment from the University of Michigan also came in at a reading of 98 in April from 96.9 in March, better than Wall Street expectations. Bullion prices ended higher at Comex on Thursday, 13 April 2017. Gold and silver prices notched their third straight session climb on Thursday, bolstered as the U.S. dollar fell. June gold advanced by $10.40, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,288.50 an ounce, with prices ending at their highest level since Nov. 4. For the week, the yellow metal gained roughly 2.5%, based on last Friday's settlement. Silver for May delivery climbed 21 cents, or 1.2%, to $18.51 an ounce. Those prices were pulled higher, while the U.S. dollar was pushed down against most rivals late Wednesday after President Trump reportedly told that the U.S. currency is getting too strong and he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low. The dollar touched a five-month low against the yen. The ICE Dollar declined to a roughly two-week low after Trump's comment, though pared some of those losses by the time gold settled. A weaker greenback tends to lift prices for dollar-denominated commodities as it makes them cheaper for holders of other currencies to buy. Oil prices posted a slight gain on Thursday, 13 April 2017 at Nymex notching a third consecutive weekly advance, as traders continued to weigh the prospects and timing for a balance between supply and demand in the market. On Thursday, data revealed that the number of active U.S. oil rigs has climbed for a 13th week in a row, feeding concerns over growth in domestic crude output. Crude oil for May delivery rose 7 cents, or 0.1%, to settle at $53.18 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It settled 1.8% above last Friday's finish. Brent for June added 3 cents, or less than 0.1%, to $55.89 a barrelup about 1.2% for the week. Still, prices spent much of Thursday wavering between slight losses and gains. Trading volumes were light on Thursday, in advance of market closures in observance of Good Friday, and ahead of Easter. On Monday, participants will receive April Empire Manufacturing at 8:30 ET, the April NAHB Housing Price Index at 10:00 ET, and April Net Long-Term TIC Flows at 16:00 ET. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Us Stocks Drop For Third Consecutive Day | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep US stocks drop for third consecutive day Energy and financial stocks among the largest decliners Energy and financial stocks among the largest decliners US stocks fell on Thursday, 13 April 2017 to close at session lows, cementing a three-day losing streak and a decline for the holiday-shortened week as investors dealt with the start of earnings season and intensifying geopolitical jitters. The U.S. dropping the largest nonnuclear weapon in its arsenal on a complex of caves in Afghanistan did little to encourage traders into a buying mood, with stocks extending losses after reports of the bombing mission. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 138.61 points, or 0.7%, to close at its session low at 20,453.25. The Nasdaq Composite fell 31.01 points, or 0.5%, to close at a session low of 5,805.15. The S&P 500 index dropped 15.98 points, or 0.7%, to its session low of 2,328.95. For the week, the Dow fell 1%, the S&P 500 dropped 1.1%, and the Nasdaq fell 1.2%. 11 of the index's sectors finished lower, with energy and financial stocks among the largest decliners. Shares of Chevron and Caterpillar led declines. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo kicked off the earnings season on Thursday morning with some better than expected results. All three companies beat earnings expectations. Wells Fargo's revenue fell short of forecasts, and the bank remains stuck in the spotlight for its recent sales-practices scandal. In the end, the financial sector finished the day solidly lower, but it was not the worst performing sector. In recent days, trading has also been marked by concerns over the crisis in Syria and heightened tensions between the U.S. and North Korea. In the latest economic data, weekly first-time jobless claims fell slightly in the latest week, dropping to 234,000. Separately, the producer-price index fell 0.1% in March, though core PPIwhich excludes food, energy, and tradewas up 0.1%. Separately, a preliminary reading of consumer sentiment from the University of Michigan also came in at a reading of 98 in April from 96.9 in March, better than Wall Street expectations. Bullion prices ended higher at Comex on Thursday, 13 April 2017. Gold and silver prices notched their third straight session climb on Thursday, bolstered as the U.S. dollar fell. June gold advanced by $10.40, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,288.50 an ounce, with prices ending at their highest level since Nov. 4. For the week, the yellow metal gained roughly 2.5%, based on last Friday's settlement. Silver for May delivery climbed 21 cents, or 1.2%, to $18.51 an ounce. Those prices were pulled higher, while the U.S. dollar was pushed down against most rivals late Wednesday after President Trump reportedly told that the U.S. currency is getting too strong and he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low. The dollar touched a five-month low against the yen. The ICE Dollar declined to a roughly two-week low after Trump's comment, though pared some of those losses by the time gold settled. A weaker greenback tends to lift prices for dollar-denominated commodities as it makes them cheaper for holders of other currencies to buy. Oil prices posted a slight gain on Thursday, 13 April 2017 at Nymex notching a third consecutive weekly advance, as traders continued to weigh the prospects and timing for a balance between supply and demand in the market. On Thursday, data revealed that the number of active U.S. oil rigs has climbed for a 13th week in a row, feeding concerns over growth in domestic crude output. Crude oil for May delivery rose 7 cents, or 0.1%, to settle at $53.18 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It settled 1.8% above last Friday's finish. Brent for June added 3 cents, or less than 0.1%, to $55.89 a barrelup about 1.2% for the week. Still, prices spent much of Thursday wavering between slight losses and gains. Trading volumes were light on Thursday, in advance of market closures in observance of Good Friday, and ahead of Easter. On Monday, participants will receive April Empire Manufacturing at 8:30 ET, the April NAHB Housing Price Index at 10:00 ET, and April Net Long-Term TIC Flows at 16:00 ET. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US stocks drop for third consecutive day Energy and financial stocks among the largest decliners US stocks fell on Thursday, 13 April 2017 to close at session lows, cementing a three-day losing streak and a decline for the holiday-shortened week as investors dealt with the start of earnings season and intensifying geopolitical jitters. The U.S. dropping the largest nonnuclear weapon in its arsenal on a complex of caves in Afghanistan did little to encourage traders into a buying mood, with stocks extending losses after reports of the bombing mission. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 138.61 points, or 0.7%, to close at its session low at 20,453.25. The Nasdaq Composite fell 31.01 points, or 0.5%, to close at a session low of 5,805.15. The S&P 500 index dropped 15.98 points, or 0.7%, to its session low of 2,328.95. For the week, the Dow fell 1%, the S&P 500 dropped 1.1%, and the Nasdaq fell 1.2%. 11 of the index's sectors finished lower, with energy and financial stocks among the largest decliners. Shares of Chevron and Caterpillar led declines. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo kicked off the earnings season on Thursday morning with some better than expected results. All three companies beat earnings expectations. Wells Fargo's revenue fell short of forecasts, and the bank remains stuck in the spotlight for its recent sales-practices scandal. In the end, the financial sector finished the day solidly lower, but it was not the worst performing sector. In recent days, trading has also been marked by concerns over the crisis in Syria and heightened tensions between the U.S. and North Korea. In the latest economic data, weekly first-time jobless claims fell slightly in the latest week, dropping to 234,000. Separately, the producer-price index fell 0.1% in March, though core PPIwhich excludes food, energy, and tradewas up 0.1%. Separately, a preliminary reading of consumer sentiment from the University of Michigan also came in at a reading of 98 in April from 96.9 in March, better than Wall Street expectations. Bullion prices ended higher at Comex on Thursday, 13 April 2017. Gold and silver prices notched their third straight session climb on Thursday, bolstered as the U.S. dollar fell. June gold advanced by $10.40, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,288.50 an ounce, with prices ending at their highest level since Nov. 4. For the week, the yellow metal gained roughly 2.5%, based on last Friday's settlement. Silver for May delivery climbed 21 cents, or 1.2%, to $18.51 an ounce. Those prices were pulled higher, while the U.S. dollar was pushed down against most rivals late Wednesday after President Trump reportedly told that the U.S. currency is getting too strong and he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low. The dollar touched a five-month low against the yen. The ICE Dollar declined to a roughly two-week low after Trump's comment, though pared some of those losses by the time gold settled. A weaker greenback tends to lift prices for dollar-denominated commodities as it makes them cheaper for holders of other currencies to buy. Oil prices posted a slight gain on Thursday, 13 April 2017 at Nymex notching a third consecutive weekly advance, as traders continued to weigh the prospects and timing for a balance between supply and demand in the market. On Thursday, data revealed that the number of active U.S. oil rigs has climbed for a 13th week in a row, feeding concerns over growth in domestic crude output. Crude oil for May delivery rose 7 cents, or 0.1%, to settle at $53.18 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It settled 1.8% above last Friday's finish. Brent for June added 3 cents, or less than 0.1%, to $55.89 a barrelup about 1.2% for the week. Still, prices spent much of Thursday wavering between slight losses and gains. Trading volumes were light on Thursday, in advance of market closures in observance of Good Friday, and ahead of Easter. On Monday, participants will receive April Empire Manufacturing at 8:30 ET, the April NAHB Housing Price Index at 10:00 ET, and April Net Long-Term TIC Flows at 16:00 ET. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intesa Sanpaolo SpA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) a €225.00 Price Target Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) to Sell CSFB Initiates Coverage on Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$30.00 Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$33.00 at TD Securities HAVAS (HAVSF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vetr Inc. Upgrades Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) to Strong-Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.53 Billion Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Brokerages Expect WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.1 Million Analysts Expect MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.8 Million Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $57.95 Million Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada set a €2.90 ($3.09) price target on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) in a report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other analysts also recently commented on ISP. Barclays PLC set a €2.70 ($2.87) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. HSBC Holdings plc set a €2.44 ($2.60) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €2.90 ($3.09) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €2.50 ($2.66) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a €2.85 ($3.03) target price on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of €2.64 ($2.80). Shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) opened at 2.438 on Wednesday. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA has a 12-month low of €1.52 and a 12-month high of €2.59. The firm has a market cap of €40.92 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.178. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €2.43 and its 200 day moving average is €2.26. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/royal-bank-of-canada-reiterates-2-90-price-target-for-intesa-sanpaolo-spa-isp.html. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Company Profile Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is a banking company. The Company’s segments include Banca dei Territori, Corporate and Investment Banking, International Subsidiary Banks, Asset Management, Private Banking and Insurance. The Banca dei Territori division includes the Company’s traditional lending and deposit collecting activities. Receive News & Ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) a €225.00 Price Target Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) to Sell CSFB Initiates Coverage on Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$30.00 Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$33.00 at TD Securities HAVAS (HAVSF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vetr Inc. Upgrades Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) to Strong-Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.53 Billion Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Brokerages Expect WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.1 Million Analysts Expect MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.8 Million Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $57.95 Million Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €76.00 ($80.85) target price on Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) in a research note published on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on the stock. Bank of America Corp set a €70.00 ($74.47) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Morgan Stanley set a €70.00 ($74.47) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €79.00 ($84.04) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Societe Generale set a €80.00 ($85.11) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €72.00 ($76.60) target price on shares of Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €69.47 ($73.90). Shares of Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 68.38 on Tuesday. Schneider Electric SE has a 12 month low of €49.50 and a 12 month high of €69.57. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €66.72 and its 200 day moving average is €64.98. The firm has a market capitalization of €37.95 billion and a P/E ratio of 22.13. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/deutsche-bank-ag-reiterates-76-00-price-target-for-schneider-electric-se-su.html. About Schneider Electric SE Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€76.00” Price Target for Schneider Electric SE (SU) Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (MC) a €225.00 Price Target Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates €2.90 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) to Sell CSFB Initiates Coverage on Lundin Mining Co. (LUN) BMO Capital Markets Reiterates “Market Perform” Rating for Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$30.00 Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) PT Raised to C$33.00 at TD Securities HAVAS (HAVSF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vetr Inc. Upgrades Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) to Strong-Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.53 Billion Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Brokerages Expect WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.1 Million Analysts Expect MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.8 Million Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $57.95 Million Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Sanford C. Bernstein set a €66.00 ($70.21) price target on Basf Se (ETR:BAS) in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a sell rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Barclays PLC set a €89.00 ($94.68) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Macquarie set a €105.00 ($111.70) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC set a €95.00 ($101.06) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €82.00 ($87.23) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €90.28 ($96.04). Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 90.70 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of €90.53 and a 200-day moving average of €85.51. The stock has a market cap of €83.31 billion and a PE ratio of 20.57. Basf Se has a 12 month low of €63.30 and a 12 month high of €94.15. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Give Basf Se (BAS) a €66.00 Price Target” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/sanford-c-bernstein-analysts-give-basf-se-bas-a-66-00-price-target.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mondi Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) PT at $100.00 $0.90 EPS Expected for PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) This Quarter Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $32.86 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Accenture Plc (ACN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $8.84 Billion Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.82 Billion WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Western Digital Corp (WDC) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.79 Per Share H & R Block Inc (HRB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Conn's Inc (CONN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $360.86 Million Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $579.42 Million Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Galapagos NV (GLPG) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Set Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Price Target at $103.15 Brokerages Expect Sonoco Products Co (SON) to Announce $0.58 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) to Post $0.06 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PAREXEL International Co. (PRXL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $529.26 Million Oracle Co. (ORCL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $10.45 Billion Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.41 Per Share Brokerages Set Sonic Co. (SONC) Target Price at $26.95 Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI) have earned an average rating of “Buy” from the nine ratings firms that are presently covering the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price target among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is GBX 1,998.57 ($24.82). MNDI has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Mondi Plc to a “neutral” rating and raised their target price for the company from GBX 2,025 ($25.15) to GBX 2,100 ($26.08) in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price target on Mondi Plc from GBX 1,900 ($23.59) to GBX 2,100 ($26.08) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Mondi Plc in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price target on Mondi Plc from GBX 1,900 ($23.59) to GBX 2,000 ($24.84) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an “equal weight” rating and issued a GBX 1,870 ($23.22) price target (up from GBX 1,500 ($18.63)) on shares of Mondi Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/mondi-plc-mndi-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Mondi Plc (LON:MNDI) traded down 0.38% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 1951.56. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 922,617 shares. Mondi Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,240.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,992.00. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,922.32 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,727.31. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 9.45 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a €0.38 ($0.41) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 20th. This represents a yield of 1.67%. Mondi Plc Company Profile Mondi plc is a United Kingdom-based packaging and paper company. The Company is engaged in managing forests and producing pulp, paper and compound plastics for industrial and consumer packaging. The Company and Mondi Limited, under a dual listed company (DLC) structure, operate together as a single economic entity. Receive News & Ratings for Mondi Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondi Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Stocks slide as the US drops the 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan Reuters and Akin Oyedele Apr. 13, 2017, 1:16 PM 4,942 facebook linkedin twitter email print Markets Insider Stocks lost some ground on Thursday after news that the US bombed an ISIS target in Afghanistan. The so-called Mother of All Bombs that was used is the largest non-nuclear bomb in America's inventory. The major indexes had been little changed in early trading, as investors weighed earnings from the top Wall Street banks and President Donald Trump's comments on the strength of the dollar. It is difficult to predict the outcome of geopolitical tension on markets given how many different ways things could turn out, said Kurt Umbarger, a global equity portfolio specialist at T. Rowe Price.  "Obviously, we've had bouts of this off and on for as long as you and I can remember," he told Business Insider.  At 1:08 p.m. ET, the Dow was down 93 points, or 0.46%, the S&P 500 was down 9 points, or 0.38%, and the Nasdaq was down 15 points, or 0.27%. Shares of JPMorgan and Citigroup rose about 1% after the two banks reported better-than-expected quarterly profits. However, Wells Fargo slipped 1.4% after reporting a big drop in mortgage banking revenue and Berkshire Hathaway's disclosure that it had reduced its stake in the bank. The earnings come in the wake of a frenetic rally in bank shares that started after Trump's election in hopes that he would rein in banking regulations and introduce other business-friendly policies. Trump told The Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the dollar was "getting too strong" and that he would like to see interest rates stay low. However, the effect of the comments was short-lived, as the beaten-down dollar recovered slightly and gold prices lost some of their luster after gaining for four straight days. "Despite the rhetoric that comes out of any political event, if you have good economic data and decent earnings, [the market will] overcome the day-to-day dynamics of macro policy and political risk," said Nathan Thooft, a senior portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston. The 11 major S&P 500 sectors were in the red in early-afternoon trading. Technology had led earlier gains and was up for the first time after a nine-day losing streak. Trading volumes are likely to be weak on Thursday ahead of the Good Friday holiday. SEE ALSO: Here's why the dollar could defy Trump and keep marching higher NOW WATCH: Here's why some Hong Kong skyscrapers have gaping holes Loading video... More: Stock Market Market Update facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Stocks slide as the US drops the 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan Stocks slide as the US drops the 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan Stocks lost some ground on Thursday after news... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Emerge Energy Services LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Del Frisco's Restaurant Group Inc (DFRG) to Post $0.21 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Del Frisco's Restaurant Group Inc (DFRG) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $84.32 Million Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.97 Per Share First NBC Bank Holding Company (FNBC) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $31.6 Million -$0.35 Earnings Per Share Expected for Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) This Quarter Brokerages Expect Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NVDQ) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $20.87 Million Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) Stock Price Fiserv (FISV) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Analysts Anticipate Fortuna Silver Mines Inc (FSM) to Post $0.10 EPS Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.26 Per Share Brokerages Expect ChemoCentryx Inc (CCXI) to Announce -$0.21 Earnings Per Share Analysts Expect Pioneer Power Solutions, Inc. (PPSI) to Announce $0.12 EPS Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact Eagle Bancorp (EGBN) Stock Price Argos Therapeutics Inc (ARGS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Jagged Peak Energy Inc (JAG) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Entertainment One Ltd (ETO) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Camden Property Trust (CPT) Stock Price Chegg (CHGG) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.11 Colfax Corp (CFX) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds -$0.35 Earnings Per Share Expected for Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) This Quarter April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts predict that Emerge Energy Services LP (NYSE:EMES) will announce earnings per share of ($0.35) for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Five analysts have made estimates for Emerge Energy Services’ earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at ($0.28) and the lowest estimate coming in at ($0.56). Emerge Energy Services reported earnings per share of ($1.43) during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year-over-year growth rate of 75.5%. The business is expected to report its next earnings report before the market opens on Wednesday, May 3rd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Emerge Energy Services will report full-year earnings of ($0.25) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.84) to $0.08. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the company will report earnings of $1.94 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.25 to $2.50. Zacks’ earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that that provide coverage for Emerge Energy Services. Emerge Energy Services (NYSE:EMES) last issued its earnings results on Monday, February 27th. The company reported ($0.77) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.71) by $0.06. The company had revenue of $42.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $40.29 million. Emerge Energy Services had a negative return on equity of 255.24% and a negative net margin of 28.61%. The business’s revenue was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted ($0.41) earnings per share. EMES has been the topic of several recent research reports. Stifel Nicolaus raised their price target on Emerge Energy Services from $9.00 to $12.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Emerge Energy Services from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 price target on the stock in a report on Friday, January 20th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Emerge Energy Services from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Wunderlich raised their price target on Emerge Energy Services from $20.00 to $30.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $18.75. Shares of Emerge Energy Services (NYSE:EMES) traded up 2.57% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $13.98. 2,343,118 shares of the stock were exchanged. Emerge Energy Services has a one year low of $3.00 and a one year high of $24.45. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $14.15 and its 200-day moving average price is $14.13. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in EMES. Castleark Management LLC raised its position in Emerge Energy Services by 73.3% in the fourth quarter. Castleark Management LLC now owns 313,480 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,859,000 after buying an additional 132,550 shares during the last quarter. GLG Partners LP bought a new position in Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter valued at $286,000. RR Advisors LLC bought a new position in Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter valued at $693,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in Emerge Energy Services during the fourth quarter valued at $764,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Emerge Energy Services by 33.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 449,069 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,856,000 after buying an additional 111,345 shares during the last quarter. 25.04% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/0-35-earnings-per-share-expected-for-emerge-energy-services-lp-emes-this-quarter.html. Emerge Energy Services Company Profile Emerge Energy Services LP owns, operates, acquires and develops a portfolio of energy service assets. The Company’s segments include Sand segment, Fuel segment and Corporate. The Company’s Sand segment consists of the production and sale of various grades of industrial sand primarily used in the extraction of oil and natural gas, as well as the production of building products and foundry materials. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Emerge Energy Services (EMES) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerge Energy Services LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Market back in green: Shares of Hindalco, DLF, Vedanta, ICICI Bank soar in volume Sensex up; ICICI Bank, Vedanta among most active stocks in terms of value Micro ATM fee: Big banks plan escape route Continue to be bullish on metals, OMCs: Deven Choksey Credit scores to help MSMEs tap bank funds Gold may shine brighter this Akshaya Tritiya Good supply, strong rupee keep domestic cotton prices stable Meet the promoters who turned billionaires in the midcap rally China stocks steady as defensive shares firm; HK down on rising N Korea tension Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 12:08 PM | 18 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,642228.50 NIFTY 50 9,20868.25 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,334-96.00 USD/INR 64.560.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Lower mortgage rates, better sales rekindle interest in realty stocks By Kailash Babar , ET Bureau | Updated: Apr 18, 2017, 08.14 AM IST Post a Comment Company Summary NSE BSE Unitech Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Omaxe Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Indiabulls Real Esta... Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES HDIL Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Godrej Properties Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES HDILGodrej Properties EXPAND TO VIEW ALL Mumbai: Shares of listed real estate companies have been blazing away on the back of lower mortgage rates, better sales momentum and the impending implementation of the Real Estate Regulatory Act that's expected to boost the performance of organised players. While shares of Indiabulls Real Estate jumped nearly 40% during Monday's session led by the company's announcement of carving out a commercial real estate business, shares of HDIL, DLF , Godrej Properties, Unitech and Omaxe too moved up 6-8% helping the BSE Realty Index climb nearly 9%. Given the renewed interest in real estate shares, the BSE Realty Index has gained nearly 21% over the past four weeks, especially at a time when the Sensex has declined 0.8%. “With interest rates being at nearbottom levels, realty sales volume has started to steadily move up over the past couple of weeks. Money supply in the market has also increased and that's good news for a sector like real estate. The worst that could have happened through demonetisation is behind us. The entire picture is changing now, particularly with RERA, which will help large develop ers, those that can adapt and serve the market better,“ said Aashish Agarwaal, Managing partner, Pinakin Advisors. While the RBI refrained from lowering the repo rate in its recent policy meet, home loan rates have already eased more than 100 basis points over the past year to around 8.6%, which is a six-year low and this is certainly prompting homebuyers to act. “Historically, (2009 and 2006), as mortgage rates come down to 8%, handle volumes in the market have revived significantly . Price reductions in the past one year across markets coupled with improving income growth have resulted in affordability reaching 7-year highs across markets,“ JP Morgan's Saurabh Kumar said in a recent report. “We note that earnings growth has started to revive selectively across names and should revive in a broad-based manner in the residential business by FY18.“ “Most large global investors have preferred to participate in the commercialleasing market as the retail space has been going through a very sluggish phase with tepid demand.Markets are expecting value discovery for Indiabulls Real Estate through this move as was evident from the stock rallying by over 30% during the day ,“ said Abhishek Lodhiya, senior analyst at Angel Broking. Comments(0)Add Comments Lower mortgage rates, better sales rekindle interest in realty stocks To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Home loan growth to slow down in FY17 View: Are home loan amounts offered by Indian banks too conservative? RBI Policy: Hope for easier home loan, car loan becomes slim Home loan interest too high for Indian buyers, says study HDFC cuts home loan rate for existing borrowers READ MORE ONUnitechstocksRepo ratereal estateOmaxeMarketIndiabulls Real Estate Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Ready for Sunshine, a Cold Drink and a Bucket of Shrimp? Visit Virginia Beach Windows Ink Can Spark Up To 36% Increases In Stem Outcomes MicrosoftMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times The Top 4 Crossover SUV's Available Right Now Crossover SUV Sponsored Ads The Height of Fame is 5'10 and Taller for These Gorgeous C.. Livingly For $29 I get watches worth $150. This is too easy... Watch of the Month Club The Amazing Story Of A Woman Who Refused To Let Psoriasis .. HealthCentral.com Top jobs that will rule in 2016 Twitter considering paid subscription to power users Senate showdown looms on Supreme Court pick as Dems oppose Indian Bank to operate on all days till April 1 Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Nilesh Shah's open letter to Jim Rogers: Don't repent, please return to D-Street TCS likely to report weak numbers in Q4 earnings, retain margin guidance Indian stock market may now be priced to perfection Dolly Khanna’s latest pick is a small textile firm; 7 things you should know Even high PE stocks can deliver good returns, don’t dump them in a rush More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|SRH vs KXIP Gold rate today|Sensex Income Tax Slabs|RBI Policy Gold rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Joel Saget/AFP via Getty Images Twice-Bitten Traders Take No Chances With French Election Risk by Stefania Spezzati @stespezzati More stories by Stefania Spezzati April 17, 2017, 7:00 PM EDT Goldman, Deutsche Bank recommend selling French debt into vote Pimco says selling euro versus Swiss franc is ‘logical hedge’ After last year’s political shocks from the U.K. and the U.S., investors are taking no chances with the risk of a French version. As France’s most unpredictable presidential vote in a generation looms less than a week away, banks and asset managers are building defenses against a win for anti-euro candidate Marine Le Pen even as polls suggest it’s unlikely. Bracing for a political upset similar to Brexit and Donald Trump’s victory, they are positioning for potential declines in the common currency as well as France’s government bonds. Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Deutsche Bank AG and Nomura Holdings Inc. have recommended selling French debt into the two-round election, to be held on April 23 and May 7, while Fidelity International has already trimmed holdings. Pacific Investment Management Co. says selling the euro versus the Swiss franc would be a “logical hedge” and Dubai-based hedge fund Ark Capital Management has bought options that allow sales of the single currency should it weaken sharply. “The question is, can we deal with a third black swan?” Enda Homan, senior foreign-exchange trader at Allied Irish Banks Plc in Dublin, said in an interview, using the metaphor for an unforeseen catastrophe that was popularized by Nassim Nicholas Taleb’s 2007 book with the same title. Homan, who worked overnight for Brexit and the U.S. election, has no similar plans yet for the first round of the French vote. Still, “it could all change if the fear factor spikes as we get closer to the vote,” he said. National Front leader Le Pen and independent Emmanuel Macron have been leading the first-round polls, followed by Republican Francois Fillon and far-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon. Macron is tied with Le Pen with 22 percent support for the first round of the election, according to an Ipsos/Sopra Steria poll for Le Monde. Second-round polls are signaling a victory for Macron. Euro at Risk The cost of one-month options to buy the euro against the dollar has plunged, relative to contracts for selling, to the lowest level since the height of Europe’s sovereign-debt crisis in 2011, signaling increased hedging against potential losses. The so-called risk-reversal rate, a gauge of market positioning and sentiment, has slumped to minus 395 basis points, from minus 44 basis points at the end of 2016. Earlier this month, a survey of analysts predicted that the euro will tumble to a 15-year low if Le Pen becomes President. The yield premium investors demand on France’s 10-year bonds over German bunds has increased to 71 basis points from as low as 27 basis points before Trump’s U.S. election win in November. French debt due in November 2026 yielded 0.92 percent as of the London close on April 13. Sell or Hedge France Is the Pre-Election Theme Scott Thiel, deputy chief investment officer for global fundamental fixed income at BlackRock Inc., the world’s biggest money manager,  favors hedging potential euro losses on a Le Pen victory by buying put options, he said at a press briefing in London on March 29. Fidelity has cut its exposure to French debt even as its base case is that Macron will win, according to London-based portfolio manager David Simner. ‘Logical Hedge’ Investors may find it more expensive to trade regional assets after the vote. Danish lender Saxo Bank A/S is mulling an increase in the margins it charges retail customers on trades in the euro and European equities indexes to 4 percent after the first-round vote, it said in a memo sent to clients. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up “We don’t see a negative surprise from France but there are of course risks,” Thomas Kressin, Munich-based portfolio manager at Pimco, which manages $1.5 trillion of assets, said in emailed comments. “Long Swiss franc and short euro would be a logical hedge trade against the tail-risk scenario of a Le Pen victory. It’s a position with asymmetric risks. If things don’t go wrong in the euro zone, you don’t lose much. If they do, you may gain.” Pimco declined to comment on the fund’s positions. Cautious Optimism Equity strategists and investors are more sanguine, with Bank of America-Merrill Lynch, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Barclays Plc and Jefferies Group favoring European stocks despite French election risks. They cite global asset managers’ low positioning on European shares, the stocks’ cheap relative valuation as well as the region’s brisk earnings recovery as reasons for the optimism. Still, investors remain cautious ahead of the vote, with the cost of hedging against declines in the Euro Stoxx 50 Index recently rising to its highest level since the Brexit vote. Banks Stick to Market-Friendly Scenario for French Elections While most of the banks are still predicting a market-friendly outcome for the vote, the gap between the main candidates is not large enough to exclude a surprise, according to Deutsche Bank, which holds a short position on three-year French bonds. Ark Capital, which has bought “low-delta” put options on the euro, is also selling the single currency against major peers including the pound and the Canadian dollar, Saed Abukarsh, co-founder and chief portfolio manager, said in an interview. “Nothing can be taken for granted,” said Nicholas Wall, portfolio manager at Old Mutual Global Investors in London, who is selling French bond futures into the vote. “If there is a shock victory for Le Pen or Melenchon, the yield on French bonds should rise dramatically.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read This Man Is Spending Millions to Break Elon Musk's Trump Ties Trump Is Willing to Consider a Sudden Strike on North Korea Boeing to Dismiss Hundreds of Engineers Amid Sales Slowdown How the Six-Hour Workday Actually Saves Money A 9,800% Stock Increase Exposes Hong Kong's Billionaires on Paper Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ING Groep NV (ING) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A. Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Shares Sold by Raymond James Trust N.A. Raymond James Trust N.A. Boosts Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Raymond James Trust N.A. Has $318,000 Position in AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Creative Planning Invests $1.235 Million in Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Wayfair (W) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Verizon Communications (VZ) Share Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Vanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Stock Price Aidan Bishop Acquires 1,800,000 Shares of Bluebird Merchant Ventures Ltd (BMV) Stock Imperial Capital Trims Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Target Price to $170.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Air Liquide SA (AIQUY) to Sell Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Director Sells $6,332,098.92 in Stock Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Price Target Cut to $900.00 Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Boosts Position in CA, Inc. (CA) Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Takes Position in Regency Centers Corp (REG) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Continues to Hold Stake in Melco Crown Entertainment (MPEL) Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Shares Sold by Fruth Investment Management CENTRAL TRUST Co Takes Position in East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) CVS Health Corp (CVS) Shares Sold by Curbstone Financial Management Corp ING Groep NV (ING) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A. April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Raymond James Trust N.A. raised its stake in shares of ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) by 1.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 20,568 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 269 shares during the period. Raymond James Trust N.A.’s holdings in ING Groep NV were worth $310,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of ING. KCG Holdings Inc. raised its stake in shares of ING Groep NV by 52.4% in the third quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. now owns 161,740 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,011,000 after buying an additional 55,584 shares in the last quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of ING Groep NV by 9.4% in the third quarter. Todd Asset Management LLC now owns 1,258,976 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,536,000 after buying an additional 108,667 shares in the last quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN raised its stake in shares of ING Groep NV by 2.2% in the third quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN now owns 50,560 shares of the company’s stock valued at $624,000 after buying an additional 1,078 shares in the last quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of ING Groep NV during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $837,000. Finally, Sit Investment Associates Inc. raised its stake in shares of ING Groep NV by 14.9% in the third quarter. Sit Investment Associates Inc. now owns 249,815 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,083,000 after buying an additional 32,470 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 1.82% of the company’s stock. Shares of ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) opened at 14.60 on Monday. ING Groep NV has a one year low of $9.26 and a one year high of $15.80. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $14.87 and its 200 day moving average price is $14.04. The stock has a market cap of $56.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.42 and a beta of 1.38. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a $0.451 dividend. This is a positive change from ING Groep NV’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.14. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 9th. This represents a yield of 6.15%. ING Groep NV’s payout ratio is presently 45.11%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “ING Groep NV (ING) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A.” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/ing-groep-nv-ing-shares-bought-by-raymond-james-trust-n-a.html. Several analysts have recently commented on ING shares. Societe Generale lowered ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded ING Groep NV from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a report on Monday, February 13th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. ING Groep NV presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $17.00. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ING? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING). Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Nike Drive DJIA Higher Monday By Paul Ausick April 17, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet April 17, 2017: Markets opened higher Monday following a long weekend that saw tensions with North Korea relax and better economic data out of China. Earnings season ramps up this afternoon with both Netflix and United Continental reporting first quarter results after Monday’s close. Equities have been moving on an upward line all day, with every sector except energy showing a gain for the day. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $52.65 a barrel, down 1% on the day. June gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,291.90. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.89% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.82%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.81%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) which traded up 1.88% at $178.74. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Volume was about half the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The company has announced another round of layoffs. Nike Inc. (NYSE: NKE) traded up 1.71% at $56.28 The stock’s 52-week range is $49.01 to $60.53. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 9.3 million shares. The company had no specific news. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded up 1.66% at $85.80 The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 15.9 million shares. The big bank had no specific news Monday. UnitedHealth Group Inc. (NYSE: UNH) traded up 1.35% at $167.19. The stock’s 52-week range is $126.60 to $172.14. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 3.7 million. The company is scheduled to announce earnings before the market opens Tuesday. Of the Dow stocks, 28 are on track to close higher Monday and just 2 (Chevron and Exxon Mobil) are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow Valeant, QEP Resources Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Nike (NYSE:NKE), UnitedHealth Group (NYSE:UNH) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Poorest Town in Every State The Best (and Worst) States for Business 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent Could United Airlines Earnings Ever Have Been Good Enough? Valeant, QEP Resources Slide into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Boeing, Nike Drive DJIA Higher Monday Boeing to Fire Hundreds as Aircraft Sales Slow Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Happened in the Stock Market Today Netflix, Inc. Breaks 100 Million Global Subscribers (With a Little Help From DVD Mailers) Common Stock vs. Preferred Stock United Continental shares 1% higher after company reports earnings United Continental Q1 sales $8.4 billion, in line with expectations United Continental Q1 adj. EPS 41 cents vs. expectations 38 cents Google To Move In Near Tesla's Reno Gigafactory Wal-Mart (WMT) to Buy Online Men's Fashion Retailer Bonobos 5 Top-Ranked China Stocks to Buy as Growth Surges in Q1 U.S. business group urges Washington to 'use every arrow' against China Asia stocks mixed, dollar subdued amid North Korea concerns Netflix shares head for new high after strong subscriber outlook Most major Western leaders to skip China's New Silk Road summit INCJ looking at Toshiba chip unit auction; didn't bid in first round Supreme Court Mulls Time Bars For SEC Recovery of Ill-Gotten Profits Mike Huckabee Just Spent A Morning Yelling At Comcast On Twitter Report: Paul Manafort Now Advising Chinese Billionaire On Trump Infrastructure Contracts Cleveland Killing Prompts Facebook To Review Handling Of Violent Posts Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
The Forum Community Connection Tiger Talk Dreaming Big with Dr. Jamie Schwandt You And Your Young Child Green And Growing Extras From The Extension House 2 Home High School Sports Interviews FFA Interviews Connecting With SouthWind Hays Post Hays (KS) News, Opinion, Sports, Video Hays News Hays Police Department Arrest Log Hays Eats™ HaysHasJobs Cancellations and Delays State/Nation Stockton News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries More ADVERTISE with Eagle Web Services Contact Us Notices Circulars Calendar Local Church Services DISQUS Terms of Service Eagle Radio Contest Rules ADVERTISE with Eagle Radio & Hull Broadcasting of Hays Terms Of Service Submit Your Post News from the Oil Patch, April 17 April 17, 2017 by Hays Post Leave a Comment By JOHN P. TRETBAR Independent Oil and Gas Service reported a nearly 18% increase in the number of active oil and gas drilling rigs in Kansas last week. There were seven active rigs east of Wichita, up one, and 26 in western Kansas, up four. They’re drilling at two sites in Barton County, and moving in completion tools at sites in Barton, Ellis and Stafford counties. Baker Hughes reported 847 active rigs nationwide last week, an increse of eleven rigs targeting oil and a decrease of three targeting natural gas. Canada reported 118 active rigs last week, a seasonal decrease of 14 rigs. Independent Oil & Gas reported 44 new well completions last week, and 17 of them were dry holes. There were 19 completions in eastern Kansas, four of them dry holes. West of Wichita there were 25 completions with 13 dry holes reported. There was one completion in Ellis County and one in Stafford County, both were dry holes. Russell County reported two new well completions. For the month of March, there were 90 new well completions statewide, including three in Barton County, six in ellis County and two in Stafford County. There were 55 completions reported last month in western Kansas, but 24 of them were dry holes. There was one dry hole completed in Barton County, two in Ellis County and one in Stafford County. Producers in eastern Kansas completed 35 wells last month, with just one dry hole. Operators filed 24 permits to drill in new locations across Kansas last week. That’s 414 so far this year. There were 11 permits filed in eastern Kansas and 13 west of Wichita, including one each in Barton and Stafford counties. That brings the monthly total for March to 134 drilling permits across Kansas, 67 east of Wichita and 67 in the western half of the state. Energy Transfer Partners, the company building the Dakota Access Pipeline, filed for tariff approval with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission late Thursday to begin shipping oil from North Dakota to Illinois beginning May 14. The government must approve pipeline shipments across state lines under the Interstate Commerce Act. Dakota Access will join up with another interstate project, called the Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline, to move crude from Illinois to refineries in Texas. That pipeline also will begin moving crude oil on the same day. Russia’s state-owned oil company Rosneft might end up owning Citgo, a US energy company based in Houston, Texas. This isn’t a direct takeover. Instead, it hinges on the ability of Venezuela’s state-run oil company to pay back its Russian loan. The Venezuelan company has owned Citgo since the 1980s. The company was used as collateral for the loan. Both Republican and Democratic lawmakers are highly alarmed. Members of Congress wrote to the Trump Administration, warning that it could be a big problem for US national security if Russia gets a hold of Citgo. Venezuela has been desperate for cash. In exchange for a loan from Rosneft in December, Venezuela’s oil company put up a 49.9% stake in Citgo as collateral. Big banks appear to be freeing up cash held to cover bad loans, and could soon increase lending in the oil patch. According to a report from Bloomberg, at least three big banks, JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo and citigroup said in earnings reports that rising crude prices have helped them free up a combined $370 million previously set aside to cover bad energy loans during the price downturn. Meanwhile, Reuters reports some big new bets in the oil patch by investors who lost big last year due to bankruptcies in the industry. In the first quarter of this year, private equity funds raised $19.8 billion for energy ventures. That’s nearly three times the total in the same period last year. Iran, was exempt from the OPEC oil production cut agreement last November, is now ready to join the initiative as long as there is consensus among the cartel’s members. The country’s oil minister adding that most OPEC members seem to be already in favor of the extension. He did not add details about how much Iran would be will to cut. Reuters reports that surging West Texas oil production has pushed the value of the region’s spot crude to its lowest discount to the U.S. oil benchmark in nearly two years. Last week, WTI at Midland, Texas for May fell to a $1.65 a barrel discount to the U.S. benchmark. Four months ago, it traded at a $1.05 a barrel premium to WTI. Permian output is expected to rise to 2.29 million bpd in April, up 15 percent from a year ago, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration. Texas shale producers applied for more than 1,300 oil and gas drilling permits last month, mostly in the Permian basin, according to the state’s energy regulator. Data from the Texas Railroad Commission said that number is nearly triple the number a year ago at this time. The latest data also showed a decline in the number of well completions. In North Dakota, oil production jumped above 1 million barrels per day in February, a 5.4 percent increase in production. Preliminary figures from the Department of Mineral Resources said Thursday the state produced an average of 1.034 million barrels per day in February, an increase of more than 52,000 barrels a day over January. The Alaska House has passed legislation calling for structured draws from the state’s oil-wealth fund to help fill Alaska’s multibillion-dollar deficit. The House made numerous changes to a bill that passed the Senate, including the size of the dividend Alaskans initially would receive from the fund and the calculation of future dividends. The House also made the bill contingent upon legislative passage of a broad-based tax and the version of an oil tax and credit overhaul that passed the House. House Finance Committee Co-Chair Paul Seaton sees the language as a way to try to coax the Senate into negotiating on a more comprehensive fiscal plan. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Local Copyright © 2017 · Hays Post - Hays, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Howard Capital Management Purchases 5,600 Shares of Roche Holding Ltd. (RHHBY) Howard Capital Management Has $15.529 Million Stake in Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Howard Capital Management Holds Position in Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Updates FY18 Earnings Guidance Brokerages Set Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) PT at $54.08 Analysts Set Basic Energy Services, Inc. (BAS) PT at $1.75 Analysts Set C R Bard Inc (BCR) Target Price at $246.33 Micro Focus International plc (MCRO) Receives GBX 2,230.88 Average PT from Analysts Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Receives $2.95 Average Price Target from Analysts Favorable Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Brookfield Property Partners (BPY) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact B&G Foods (BGS) Share Price Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Broadcom (BRCM) Receiving Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Finds Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Cuts Stake in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Cwm LLC Has $32.268 Million Position in C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Buys 8,600 Shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Position Cut by Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Guggenheim Begins Coverage on Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Shares Sold by Cwm LLC Cwm LLC Sells 252,238 Shares of Knowles Corp (KN) Howard Capital Management Holds Position in Rio Tinto plc (RIO) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Howard Capital Management maintained its position in Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 6,244 shares of the mining company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Howard Capital Management’s holdings in Rio Tinto plc were worth $254,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Capital Growth Management LP purchased a new position in Rio Tinto plc during the third quarter worth approximately $25,050,000. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale purchased a new position in Rio Tinto plc during the third quarter worth approximately $4,321,000. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in Rio Tinto plc by 9.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 142,774 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $4,769,000 after buying an additional 12,370 shares in the last quarter. Credit Suisse AG boosted its position in Rio Tinto plc by 2,738.9% in the third quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 1,756,844 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $58,678,000 after buying an additional 1,694,960 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Rio Tinto plc during the fourth quarter worth approximately $11,756,000. 6.63% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) traded up 0.18% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $39.01. The company had a trading volume of 2,345,578 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $70.18 billion, a PE ratio of 15.28 and a beta of 1.19. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $41.11 and a 200-day moving average price of $39.38. Rio Tinto plc has a 1-year low of $26.95 and a 1-year high of $47.11. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Investors of record on Friday, February 24th were given a dividend of $1.2582 per share. This is a boost from Rio Tinto plc’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.96. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 22nd. This represents a yield of 5.54%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/howard-capital-management-holds-position-in-rio-tinto-plc-rio.html. RIO has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Morgan Stanley reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research note on Saturday, January 21st. Axiom Securities reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research note on Saturday, January 14th. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $41.86. Rio Tinto plc Company Profile Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RIO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO). Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pentair plc. Ordinary Share - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Cuts Stake in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Cwm LLC Has $32.268 Million Position in C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Buys 8,600 Shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Position Cut by Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Guggenheim Begins Coverage on Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Shares Sold by Cwm LLC Cwm LLC Sells 252,238 Shares of Knowles Corp (KN) ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Stake Increased by Juncture Wealth Strategies LLC Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc (ALDR) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.95 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Carnival Corp (CCL) Will Post Earnings of $0.47 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Will Announce Earnings of $0.70 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Intrexon Corp (XON) to Announce -$0.23 EPS Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact PharmAthene (PIP) Share Price Insider Buying: New Age Beverages Corp (NBEV) Director Purchases 15,000 Shares of Stock John Michael Hooks Buys 21,600 Shares of Canadian Energy Services & Technlgy Corp (CEU) Stock Franklin Mutual Advisers Llc Sells 2,718,359 Shares of HCC Insurance Holdings, Inc. (HCC) Stock BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd (BCRH) to Sell Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Buys 8,600 Shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID boosted its position in Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) by 4.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 205,297 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 8,600 shares during the period. Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID’s holdings in Pentair plc. Ordinary Share were worth $12,889,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. KCG Holdings Inc. raised its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 40.9% in the third quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. now owns 25,737 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,653,000 after buying an additional 7,477 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 20.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 182,309 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,712,000 after buying an additional 30,357 shares in the last quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. raised its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 2.1% in the third quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. now owns 103,387 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,641,000 after buying an additional 2,146 shares in the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 52,434 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,935,000 after buying an additional 726 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Henderson Group PLC raised its position in shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share by 17.3% in the third quarter. Henderson Group PLC now owns 145,787 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,365,000 after buying an additional 21,537 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 90.30% of the company’s stock. Shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) traded up 1.85% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $63.31. 785,694 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $11.51 billion, a PE ratio of 22.17 and a beta of 1.45. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share has a one year low of $53.80 and a one year high of $66.99. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $61.09 and its 200-day moving average is $59.17. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.78 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.05. The business earned $1.19 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.21 billion. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share had a net margin of 9.15% and a return on equity of 14.89%. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s quarterly revenue was down 7.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.88 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Pentair plc. Ordinary Share will post $3.47 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Investors of record on Friday, April 21st will be issued a dividend of $0.345 per share. This represents a $1.38 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.18%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 19th. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.42%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Buys 8,600 Shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/mountain-pacific-investment-advisers-inc-id-buys-8600-shares-of-pentair-plc-ordinary-share-pnr.html. PNR has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price objective on shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from $66.00 to $70.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $56.00 to $68.00 in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Vertical Research raised shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $65.07. About Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Pentair, Inc (Pentair) is a focused diversified industrial manufacturing company. The Company operates in two segments: Water & Fluid Solutions and Technical Products. Water & Fluid Solutions is providing products and systems used worldwide in the movement, storage and treatment of water. Technical Products is engaged in the global enclosures and thermal management markets, designing and manufacturing standard, modified and custom enclosures that house and protect sensitive electronics and electrical components and protect the people that use them. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PNR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR). Receive News & Ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Cuts Stake in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Cwm LLC Has $32.268 Million Position in C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Buys 8,600 Shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Position Cut by Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Guggenheim Begins Coverage on Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Shares Sold by Cwm LLC Cwm LLC Sells 252,238 Shares of Knowles Corp (KN) ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Stake Increased by Juncture Wealth Strategies LLC Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc (ALDR) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.95 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Carnival Corp (CCL) Will Post Earnings of $0.47 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Analysts Anticipate Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Will Announce Earnings of $0.70 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Intrexon Corp (XON) to Announce -$0.23 EPS Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact PharmAthene (PIP) Share Price Insider Buying: New Age Beverages Corp (NBEV) Director Purchases 15,000 Shares of Stock John Michael Hooks Buys 21,600 Shares of Canadian Energy Services & Technlgy Corp (CEU) Stock Franklin Mutual Advisers Llc Sells 2,718,359 Shares of HCC Insurance Holdings, Inc. (HCC) Stock BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd (BCRH) to Sell Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Cuts Stake in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID decreased its stake in Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) by 22.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 104,426 shares of the company’s stock after selling 29,980 shares during the period. Roper Technologies comprises about 2.5% of Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID’s holdings in Roper Technologies were worth $21,563,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Creative Planning increased its position in shares of Roper Technologies by 126.2% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 647 shares of the company’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 361 shares during the period. Oakbrook Investments LLC purchased a new position in shares of Roper Technologies during the third quarter valued at $944,000. Conning Inc. increased its position in shares of Roper Technologies by 1.1% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 2,648 shares of the company’s stock valued at $483,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the period. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc increased its position in shares of Roper Technologies by 11.7% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 3,611 shares of the company’s stock valued at $659,000 after buying an additional 379 shares during the period. Finally, Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Roper Technologies by 1.6% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 31,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,748,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 97.47% of the company’s stock. Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) traded up 1.19% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $207.44. 368,696 shares of the company traded hands. Roper Technologies Inc has a 52-week low of $159.28 and a 52-week high of $214.44. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $209.18 and a 200-day moving average price of $190.60. The company has a market capitalization of $21.13 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.26 and a beta of 0.87. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $1.86 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.84 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.01 billion. Roper Technologies had a net margin of 17.38% and a return on equity of 11.97%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.82 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Roper Technologies Inc will post $9.09 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 21st. Investors of record on Friday, April 7th will be given a dividend of $0.35 per share. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.67%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 5th. Roper Technologies’s payout ratio is presently 21.77%. WARNING: “Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Cuts Stake in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/mountain-pacific-investment-advisers-inc-id-cuts-stake-in-roper-technologies-inc-rop.html. Several brokerages have recently weighed in on ROP. Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $250.00 target price (up from $220.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Monday. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and issued a $245.00 target price on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Roper Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $219.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $221.00 target price on shares of Roper Technologies in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. upgraded shares of Roper Technologies from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Roper Technologies has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $218.10. In related news, Director Christopher Wright sold 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $214.26, for a total transaction of $535,650.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 63,904 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,692,071.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. 2.50% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Roper Technologies Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP). Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 April 2017 by Military News Axovant Sciences Ltd. Announces Closing of Public Offering and Exercise in Full of the Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Common Shares BASEL, Switzerland, April 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Axovant Sciences Ltd. (NYSE: AXON) ("Axovant"), a leading clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of dementia, today announced the closing of its underwritten public offering of 7,753,505 of its common shares at a price to the public of $18.54 per common share, including 1,011,326 common shares sold pursuant to the underwriters' exercise in full of their option to purchase additional common shares. Gross proceeds to Axovant from the offering were approximately $143.7 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. J.P. Morgan, Morgan Stanley and Jefferies acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. JMP Securities, Baird and H.C. Wainwright & Co. acted as co-managers. A shelf registration statement relating to the offered common shares was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), and was declared effective on January 13, 2017. A final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering have been filed with the SEC and are available on the SEC's website, located at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014; or Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10022, telephone: (212) 336-7460, e-mail: Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com. This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities, and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation, or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale is unlawful. About Axovant Axovant Sciences is a leading clinical-stage neurology company focused on the treatment of dementia and related neurological disorders. Axovant is developing a pipeline of product candidates to comprehensively address the cognitive, functional, and behavioral aspects of dementia. Our vision is to become the leading company focused on the treatment of dementia by broadly addressing multiple forms of this condition through developing innovative new medicines for patients. SOURCE Axovant Sciences Ltd. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oil Softgel Capsules Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities, Market Drivers and Restraints to 2022 Next PostNext FTC Workshop on April 18 Explores Hearing Health and Technology Search Recent Posts Ribbon Cutting Scheduled for Route T/Route 17 Project Butler County Route CC Closed for Pipe Replacement Dr. Rita Valentino to lead NIDA’s neuroscience and behavior division Label-free Array Systems Market sales by product type, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate by 2022 Nothing But Nets Champions Head to Washington to Advocate in the Fight Against Malaria Proudly powered by WordPress
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price A Bull Play on Bank of America’s Earnings Short-term pessimism in BofA is as cloudy as its long-term prospects are bright. Also, XLF option trades. By Steven M. Sears Biography April 17, 2017 2:30 p.m. ET The halo of opportunity rests upon Bank of America. The company (ticker: BAC) has emerged from the credit crisis as a lean, operationally leveraged company positioned to perform. If you missed the chance to buy the stock during its latest rally, opportunity may come as early as tomorrow when the company reports first-quarter earnings.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. A Bull Play on Bank of America’s Earnings Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Why an Apple Car is Most Likely a Fantasy Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is Gold’s Comeback Real, Or Just Another Tease? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Undervalued Ford Stock, With 5% Yield, Drives Higher 2 Venmo Wants to Be More Grandma-Friendly 3 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barclays PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco de Chile (BCH) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.11 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact BlackBerry (BBRY) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Boeing (BA) Stock Price RingCentral (RNG) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact American Express Company (AXP) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Barclays PLC (BCS) Stock Price Build-A-Bear Workshop (BBW) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.30 American Research & Management Co. Has $1.698 Million Stake in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) American Research & Management Co. Reduces Position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Peoples Financial Services CORP. Decreases Stake in Aqua America Inc (WTR) Peoples Financial Services CORP. Lowers Stake in NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB) Peoples Financial Services CORP. Raises Stake in Nucor Co. (NUE) -$0.17 EPS Expected for Mediwound Ltd (MDWD) This Quarter Brokerages Expect West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) to Post $0.55 EPS Iridium Communications (IRDM) Earns News Impact Score of 0.16 Brookfield Glbl Lstd Infrstrm Fd (INF) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of -0.03 First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds American Research & Management Co. Has $8.867 Million Position in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Americafirst Capital Management LLC Invests $548,000 in PNM Resources Inc (PNM) HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Position Increased by Americafirst Capital Management LLC Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Barclays PLC (BCS) Stock Price April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Barclays PLC (NYSE:BCS) have trended somewhat positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Barclays PLC earned a coverage optimism score of 0.24 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave headlines about the financial services provider an impact score of 90 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is very likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the news headlines that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: A Technical Look At 2 Stocks: Shire plc (SHPG), Barclays PLC (BCS … – Post Analyst (postanalyst.com) [$$] No mole at the bank, just simple, original analysis (finance.yahoo.com) Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Barclays PLC (BCS) Stock Price (americanbankingnews.com) [$$] Jes Staley’s setback illustrates inexperience in key areas (finance.yahoo.com) Sales Growth Analysis: Eldorado Gold Corporation (EGO), Barclays PLC (BCS) – USA Commerce Daily (usacommercedaily.com) Barclays PLC (NYSE:BCS) traded up 1.857% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $10.695. 1,744,215 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $45.34 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.889 and a beta of 1.18. The company has a 50-day moving average of $11.12 and a 200-day moving average of $10.61. Barclays PLC has a 52-week low of $6.76 and a 52-week high of $12.05. Barclays PLC (NYSE:BCS) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The financial services provider reported $0.02 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.02. The company earned $6.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.83 billion. Barclays PLC had a negative net margin of 4.94% and a positive return on equity of 3.60%. Equities research analysts anticipate that Barclays PLC will post $0.86 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 3rd were issued a $0.097 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 1st. This is an increase from Barclays PLC’s previous dividend of $0.05. Barclays PLC’s dividend payout ratio is currently -29.41%. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of Barclays PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares of Barclays PLC from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price objective for the stock from $11.36 to $11.50 in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Citigroup Inc restated a “sell” rating on shares of Barclays PLC in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Macquarie lowered shares of Barclays PLC from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Barclays PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $31.47. WARNING: “Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Barclays PLC (BCS) Stock Price” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-very-likely-to-impact-barclays-plc-bcs-stock-price.html. Barclays PLC Company Profile Barclays PLC is a global financial services holding company. The Company is engaged in retail banking, credit cards, wholesale banking, investment banking, wealth management and investment management services. The Company’s segments include Barclays UK and Barclays International. The Barclays UK segment includes the local consumer, small business, the United Kingdom wealth and credit cards business. Receive News & Ratings for Barclays PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk General Counsel Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Wealth Management TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Small Business April 16, 2017 12:01 a.m. Updated 04/16/2017 Is this the store of the future? Tom Murn's high-tech vending machine Vicki could compete with Amazon Go Matthew Flamm Comments Email Print × Photo: Buck Ennis Tom Murn sees a wide range of uses for his vending machine, which will have a Siri-like ability to answer questions. To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Small Business Alert Sign up for our FREE weekly Small Business Alert email newsletter. An essential summary of the week's top headlines selected for small businesses. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Sandy-inspired texting tool now helping... Is Midtown finally developing a restaurant... Tribeca Film Festival gets a reboot Groundhog Day mishap adds suspense to packed ... For this Broadway prop master, Charlie and... Most Popular DNAinfo reporters join Writers Guild Six landlords rule over a fading Garment... Brooklyn and Queens home sales set records Schumer blasts Bannon, says fake news could... Is this the store of the future? Related News Commuter ferries to give a local retail startup exposure Manufacturers slow their pace of growth in April Emotions run high as unhappy drivers pack TLC hearing After a troubled childhood, a high school dropout gets sweet redemption Can a self-made magnate from the Bronx make the Cosmos the kings of New York soccer? Major League Soccer, not team owners, sets players' pay Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price A Bull Play on Bank of America’s Earnings Short-term pessimism in BofA is as cloudy as its long-term prospects are bright. Also, XLF option trades. By Steven M. Sears Biography April 17, 2017 2:30 p.m. ET The halo of opportunity rests upon Bank of America. The company (ticker: BAC) has emerged from the credit crisis as a lean, operationally leveraged company positioned to perform. If you missed the chance to buy the stock during its latest rally, opportunity may come as early as tomorrow when the company reports first-quarter earnings.... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. A Bull Play on Bank of America’s Earnings Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Ford Shares Are Too Cheap Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Why an Apple Car is Most Likely a Fantasy Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is Gold’s Comeback Real, Or Just Another Tease? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Undervalued Ford Stock, With 5% Yield, Drives Higher 2 Venmo Wants to Be More Grandma-Friendly 3 Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Trump Expected To Tap Quarles For Fed's Top Regulatory Post 4/17/2017 1:46 PM ET President Donald Trump plans to nominate former Treasury Department official Randal Quarles to be the Federal Reserve's top banking regulator, according to multiple media reports. Quarles, who served as a senior Treasury official in former President George W. Bush's administration, currently serves as managing director of private equity firm The Cynosure Group. Trump is expected to select Quarles as the Fed's vice chairman for bank supervision, a position that requires Senate confirmation. A person familiar with the selection process told Bloomberg that Quarles would bring a background in both domestic and international finance to the role. The position was created by the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory reform bill but was never formally filled by former President Barack Obama. Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo handled the vice chair of supervision's duties on a de facto basis until stepping down earlier this month. Trump has repeatedly pledged to roll back the financial regulations imposed by Dodd-Frank, which he claims stifle lending. Independent bank analyst Mike Mayo told Bloomberg the selection of Quarles would reflect "the pendulum shifting from tougher regulation to neutral." Bloomberg noted the Fed's vice chair of supervision has great sway over JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Goldman Sachs (GS) and other large banks. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News DNC Day 3: Dems Attack Trump Weekday At Bernie's: Sanders Supporters Disrupt DNC in Philly Republican Convention: Waiting For Trump...Wait, He's Already Here...Again Previous Story Next Story More Top Stories European Shares Seen Flat To Higher OMED Disappoints, PBYI Soars, AMAG Seeks Expanded Approval For Makena Asian Markets Mostly Higher Gainers & Losers Of Apr.17: CBLI, INFI, PBYI, OMED, INCY... Chipotle Is Raising Prices Snapchat CEO: I Never Said India Too Poor For App Netflix Profit Rises, But Subscriber Additions Below View Bargain Hunting Contributes To Strength On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Poll: After Passenger Beating, People Want To Shun United Spicer: Trump Still Under Audit By IRS Ghost Town Malls: Rue21 The Latest To Shutter Stores Majority Of Americans Say Trump Not Keeping His Promises Poll Shows Worsening Views Of Republican And Democratic Parties Delta Offers Miles, Cash For Spring Break Delays Uber Fined Over Handling Of Drunk Driver <<Previous        108 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Hidden Treasures: Africa's 10 Largest Economies Eli Manning In Fake Memorabilia Scandal McDonalds Manager Refunds Nearly 1,100 Big Macs...To Herself Universal's "Fate Of The Furious" Smashes Global Box Office Records Wells Fargo Q1 Profit Tops View, But Revenue Misses Citigroup Q1 Profit Up 17%, Results Beat View JPMorgan Q1 Results Top Estimates Microsoft Hardware Event On May 2, But No Surface Phone Cathay Pacific CEO Ivan Chu To Step Down After First Loss In 8 Years Food Delivery Robots Debut In San Francisco AERI's Rocket Hits Target, ENTL Gets FDA Nod, NOVN Jumps On Positive Trial Data Microsoft Hardware Event On May 2, But No Surface Phone FDA Says No To INCY, ZTS Snaps Up NVET, MDXG On The Move Cadence Bancorp Prices 7.5 Mln Shares IPO At $20/share Infosys Q4 Profit Rises, Sees Higher Revenues In FY18; Stock Dips - Quick Facts The Smokehouse Of NY Recalls Smoked Fish Products Food Delivery Robots Debut In San Francisco Company Spotlight: Incyte Citigroup Q1 Profit Up 17%, Results Beat View Cathay Pacific CEO Ivan Chu To Step Down After First Loss In 8 Years Eli Lilly And Incyte Say FDA Issues CRL For Baricitinib BioMarin Enters Into Settlement Agreement With Par Pharma Related To Kuvan The Smokehouse Of NY Recalls Smoked Fish Products Ant Financial Increases Offer For MoneyGram To $18.00/shr In Cash Williams Partners To Sell Interests In Geismar Olefins To Nova For $2.1 Bln Apogee Enterprises Inc. Q4 Earnings Climb 16% Carrefour Q1 Sales Rise; Confirms FY17 Sales Growth View - Quick Facts Ashmore Q3 AuM Up 7% Sequentially - Quick Facts Snapchat CEO: I Never Said India Too Poor For App Alere Holding On To Substantial Gain In Afternoon Trading Cleantech Solutions FY16 Net Loss Narrows, Revenues Down - Quick Facts Nintendo Record 906,000 Switch Consoles Sold In U.S. In March Chevron Reportedly Exploring Sale Of Canada Oil Sands Stake First Horizon National Reports 13% Gain In Q1 Bottom Line Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Forward Air Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Forward Air Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Piper Jaffray Companies Cuts Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Price Target to $29.00 Chemours Co (CC) Given New $63.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Forward Air Co. (FWRD) Given New $15.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Barclays PLC Raises HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Price Target to $63.00 Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) PT Raised to $46.00 Hub Group Inc (HUBG) Given New $187.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) PT Raised to $163.00 at Imperial Capital Brokerages Expect Strongbridge Biopharma plc (SBBP) Will Post Earnings of -$0.47 Per Share SJW Group (SJW) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts China Automotive Systems (CAAS) Receives News Sentiment Rating of -0.20 Ingredion (INGR) Earns News Sentiment Score of -0.20 Macy's (M) Getting Critical Press Coverage, Study Finds Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.21 Needham & Company LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Companhia Paranaense de Energia (ELP) Receives Average Recommendation of “Sell” from Analysts Baidu (BIDU) Receiving Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Study Finds Cervus Equipment Corp (CERV) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Colliers International Group Inc (CIGI) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Forward Air Co. (FWRD) Given New $15.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Forward Air Co. (NASDAQ:FWRD) had its target price increased by research analysts at Stifel Nicolaus from $14.50 to $15.00 in a research note issued on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus’ price objective would suggest a potential downside of 67.71% from the stock’s current price. A number of other research firms have also weighed in on FWRD. Zacks Investment Research raised Forward Air from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, December 26th. Wolfe Research raised Forward Air from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. TheStreet lowered Forward Air from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities assumed coverage on Forward Air in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $40.25. Shares of Forward Air (NASDAQ:FWRD) traded up 0.441% during trading on Monday, hitting $46.655. The stock had a trading volume of 32,920 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $47.73 and its 200 day moving average price is $46.97. Forward Air has a 12 month low of $40.07 and a 12 month high of $51.51. Forward Air (NASDAQ:FWRD) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.55 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $264.80 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $256.53 million. Forward Air had a return on equity of 12.77% and a net margin of 2.82%. The business’s revenue was up 3.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.75 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Forward Air will post $2.25 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 24th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 9th were paid a dividend of $0.15 per share. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, March 7th. Forward Air’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 65.93%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/forward-air-co-fwrd-given-new-15-00-price-target-at-stifel-nicolaus.html. In other Forward Air news, insider Craig A. Drum sold 557 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $47.79, for a total transaction of $26,619.03. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 11,856 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $566,598.24. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Insiders own 3.35% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Forward Air by 6.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,053,488 shares of the company’s stock worth $88,834,000 after buying an additional 127,066 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in Forward Air by 4.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 160,466 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,942,000 after buying an additional 6,132 shares during the period. Ngam Advisors L.P. raised its position in Forward Air by 3.9% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 17,338 shares of the company’s stock worth $750,000 after buying an additional 655 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Forward Air by 66.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 56,355 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,438,000 after buying an additional 22,397 shares during the period. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in Forward Air by 10.5% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 13,699 shares of the company’s stock worth $593,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the period. 95.88% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Forward Air Company Profile Forward Air Corporation is a freight and logistics company. The Company provides less-than-truckload (LTL), truckload, intermodal and pool distribution services across the United States and in Canada. The Company’s segments include Expedited LTL, Truckload Premium Services (TLS), Intermodal and Pool Distribution. Receive News & Ratings for Forward Air Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Forward Air Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
[Skip navigation] Follow                        Tuesday, April 18, 2017       Kansas City infoZine About Advertise with infoZine infoZine Contact Feedback Site News Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) Cities Kansas Lenexa Olathe Overland Park Missouri Blue Springs Independence Kansas City Lee's Summit Liberty Inside Topics Features Jobs Videos Profiles Cartoon Post News Sign In Arts Arts and Entertainment Dance Film Gallery Literature Music Theatre Business Community Community Family Kids Pets Consumer Education Environment Health Health Food Food Agriculture Recipes U.S. Politics Science/Tech Science and Technology Computer Internet Sports Travel Videos World Deceased Kansas City Business Owner's Property Seized Monday, April 17, 2017 :: Staff infoZine In $10 million investment fraud scheme  Kansas City, MO - infoZine - A civil forfeiture complaint has been filed in federal court for property acquired and maintained by Mark Sellers, a Kansas City, MO business owner who was under investigation by the FBI for a $10 million investment fraud scheme before he shot and killed himself on Aug. 2, 2016. The forfeiture complaint alleges that the property is subject to federal forfeiture because it was derived from the proceeds of an investment fraud scheme in which Sellers stole approximately $10 million from approximately 100 investors through his firm, Selden Companies, LLC, from December 2007 through at least 2015. The complaint, filed under seal on Thursday, April 13, 2017, and unsealed today, alleges that Sellers committed mail fraud, wire fraud and bank fraud. The Department of Justice provides a process by which victims who suffer losses from a fraud scheme may seek relief once any assets have been forfeited. The government is seeking forfeiture of Sellers’ former residence at 6009 N. Cosby Court in Kansas City, MO. Also included in the complaint is a 2014 Porsche 911 and 77 pieces of jewelry that were seized by law enforcement officers, as well as the proceeds of five life insurance policies that have been cashed with death benefits totaling $6 million. Investment Fraud Scheme According to the complaint, the FBI began investigating Sellers on June 6, 2016, after receiving a complaint from an investor. Sellers fraudulently misrepresented to investors in the Kansas City area as well as Georgia, Alabama and elsewhere that he would use the funds to purchase companies and turn them around to sell at a profit. Sellers hid from investors, the complaint says, the fact that he and his wife spent almost all of the invested funds to maintain their own lavish lifestyle. Sellers’ primary source of income from 2008 through 2016 was investor funds he used for his own personal benefit. Sellers’ bank records show approximately $9.9 million of investor funds were utilized for his own personal use and benefit to fund his lifestyle, vehicles, life insurance policies, homes, jewelry and credit card purchases. Sellers allegedly laundered the invested funds through multiple bank accounts. Financial records indicate Sellers expended approximately $9.9 million of investor funds in the following ways: Approximately $343,343 in mortgage payments for his personal residence; Approximately $931,384 on remodeling, upgrading, and maintaining his personal residence (included kitchen remodeling and installing landscaping, tile and granite, new cabinets and windows, and fencing, as well as installing and maintaining an in-ground swimming pool); Approximately $701,102 at Tivol jewelry store; Approximately $253,641 at Aristocrat Motors and Thoroughbred Ford to purchase luxury vehicles for him and his wife; Approximately $260,131 at Midwest Trust Company; Approximately $7,461,116 to credit card companies. Credit Card Bust Out Scheme In addition, the complaint says, when Sellers had depleted the investors’ funds, he defrauded several financial institutions by running a large credit card “bust out” scheme in a final effort to maintain his and his wife’s lifestyle. A bust out scheme is a type of credit card fraud in which an individual establishes a normal usage pattern and solid repayment history, then racks up numerous charges and maxes out the card with no intention of paying the bill. The consumer establishes the card issuer’s trust and a strong credit profile with the goal of opening numerous accounts and receiving credit line increases so that more funds are available. Sellers opened approximately eight credit cards with JP Morgan Chase over several years, ran up large credit card balances, increased the credit limit available on the credit cards, and then paid the bill with ACH transfers backed by insufficient funds. This type of activity occurred on one credit card 92 times in a five-month span. J.P. Morgan Chase Bank was left with an outstanding balance on Sellers’ credit cards of approximately $557,000. Commerce Bank sustained a loss of approximately $33,000 caused by Sellers depositing several insufficient funds checks into his bank accounts. Events During the Investigation On July 18, 2016, Kansas City police officers were called to the Sellers’ residence for a possible homicide/suicide. Upon arrival, officers found Sellers incoherent in his bedroom lying next to his wife, Sandra Sellers, who was deceased. Sandra Sellers had been shot in the head, and Sellers had attempted to overdose on medication. Sellers was taken to an area hospital for medical attention and evaluation. On Aug. 2, 2016, law enforcement officers executed a search warrant at Sellers’ residence. Sellers was not home at the time the warrant was executed. At approximately 8:33a.m., Sellers arrived in his Ford Explorer. When Sellers realized he was not able to turn onto N. Cosby Court because law enforcement had blocked the intersection (to prevent Sellers from approaching the residence), he accelerated past the intersection. At that time, law enforcement officers stopped the vehicle, which was occupied solely by Sellers. Sellers stopped his vehicle and shot himself in the head with a .22-caliber revolver. Sellers was transported to an area hospital where he later succumbed to his self-inflicted gunshot wounds. This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Curt Bohling. It was investigated by the FBI. Tools:     Print      Email      Link      Comments (0) Related Source Profile:      U.S. Department of Justice              Related Topics:      Business & Finance Community      Put Business & Finance Headlines on your website. Articles by Date         Apr    17       S M T W T F S 26 27 28 29 30 31 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 01 02 03 04 05 06 Share this Article Tweet                                                                           HOME TOPICS FEATURES PROFILES VIDEOS JOBS ADVERTISE POST RSS     Use of this web site signifies you agreed to the terms of use and conditions. ISSN 1082-7315 - © 1994-2017 INFOZINE ® A REGISTERED TRADEMARK. infoZine ® is generously hosted with web services provided by KCServers.com
Monday, April 17, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Carbon County property transfers Monday, April 17, 2017 Deeds recorded Banks Township Rosemary K. Ondeck to Umpas Ranch LLC, Hazleton, Colleraine No. 7, Junedale, $1. Beaver Meadows Kevin J. Pliska to Kevin J. Pliska, 57 Second St., Beaver Meadows, property at 57 Second St., $1. Nationstar Mortgage LLC to Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, property at 16 Tamaqua St., $1. East Penn Township Mark D. Winter to Mark D. Winter, 87 Kocher Lane, Lehighton, property at 87 Kocher Lane, $1. Sheriff of Carbon County to Key Bank N.A., Amherst, New York, property at 1548 Smithlane Road, $1. Secretary of Veterans Affairs to Lars C. Caspersen, 85 Pinoak Road, Lehighton, property at 85 Pinoak Road, $150,000. Franklin Township Keen H. Ahner to Wendy K. Hoppel, 395 Fairyland Road, Lehighton, property at 395 Fairyland Road, $1. Kathleen E. Hoppel to Christopher l. Wentz, 710 Overlook Drive, Lehighton, property at 1700 Fairyland Road, $8,000. Jim Thorpe Karen Evans to Karen Evans, 30 Coal St., Jim Thorpe, property on Center Avenue, $1. Violet M. Thomas to Ronald L. Marshman Jr., Philadelphia, property at 120 South Ave., $94,000. Marvin Dunkle to Daniel Vince, 30 Chestnut Hill Road, Jim Thorpe, two transactions, both properties at 30 Chestnut Hill Road, $115,000 and $1. Edward M. Martino to Edward M. Martino, 106 Lentz Trail, Jim Thorpe, property at 106 Lentz Trail, $1. Sheriff of Carbon County to Reverse Mortgage Solutions Inc., Houston, Texas, property at 91 W. Broadway, $1. Richard C. Day to J & T Lobach LLC, 307 Jefferson St., Lehighton, property at 214 North St., $33,000. Jim Thorpe Neighborhood Bank to Francis E. Schlenner, 519 Center St., Jim Thorpe, property at 1096 Center Ave., $52,000. Sheriff of Carbon County to Bayview Loan Servicing LLC, Coral Gables, Florida, property at 924 Center St., $1. Sheriff of Carbon County to Nationstar HECM Acquisition Trust 2016-3, Frederick, Maryland, property at 508 North St., $1. Kidder Township Sheriff of Carbon County to Federal National Mortgage Association, Dallas, Texas, Lot 2, Block B, Section Trail Ridge, Holiday Poconos, $1. Michael V. Hickey to Steven Coye, West Chester, property at 506 N. Lake Drive, Lake Harmony, $285,100. Federal National Mortgage Association to William A. Stuart IV, Franklinville, New Jersey, property at 12B Ridgewood Country Estates, Lake Harmony, $42,500. Joseph A. Pennetti to Michael Edward Buchwalk, New York, New York, property at 128 Doe Run, Lake Harmony, $147,500. Randell E. Pilecki to Matthew Kole, 27 Black Bear Pass, White Haven, property at 27 Black Bear Pass, $164,000. Allen Madgey to Michael S. Winsey, Springfield, Pennsylvania, property at 50 Laurelwoods Drive, Lake Harmony, $125,000. Wayne J. Bialy to Raymond R. Kenny Sr., 38 Pinebrook Drive, Albrightsville, property at 38 Pinebrook Drive, $55,000. Sheriff of Carbon County to Branch Banking and Trust Company, Greensboro, North Carolina, property at 7 Edgemont Road, Albrightsville, $1. Lansford Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to Sofia Familia, New York, New York, property at 217 W. Ridge St., $14,940. Norman A. Ellis to Holly B. Ellis, 42 W. Patterson St., Lansford, property at 42 W. Patterson St., $1. Alex Malik Jr. to Joseph T. Igielski, 123 E. Patterson St., Lansford, property at 123 E. Patterson St., $6,500. Catherine Martinez to Mark T. Kosica, 22 W. Kline Ave., Lansford, property at 30 W. Bertsch St., $33,000. Lehighton Veronica Swartz to Jeffrey Caufield, 712 Columbia Ave., Palmerton, property at 531 Bridge St., $60,000. Lower Towamensing Township Sheriff of Carbon County to KeyBank N.A., Brooklyn, Ohio, property at 330 Maple Drive, $1. Andrew Merendini to Dayna L. Grimes, North Middletown, New Jersey, property at 265 Manor Drive, $1. Lisa M. Bellach to Dayna L. Grimes, North Middletown, New Jersey, property at 265 Manor Drive, $1. Mahoning Township Wilmington Savings Fund Society FSB to James Lang, 1586 Penn Drive, Andreas, property at 335 Center St., $28,500. Velda M. Hager to Donna Davis, 212 Westside Road, Lehighton, property at 2123 Westside Drive, $75,000. Marina Galkina to Anthony Raudino, Staten Island, New York, Lot 2, Laurel Ridge Estates, $200,000. Nesquehoning Land Tycoon Inc., to Richard Emmert, 3 E. High St., Nesquehoning, property at 3 E. High St., $29,900. Gregory A. Rolek to John Felix, 54 E. Columbus Ave., Nesquehoning, property at 54 E. Columbus Ave., $104,888. Palmerton Edward A. Christman to Edward A. Christman, 7963 Rextown Road, Slatington, property at 425-431 Lehigh Ave., $1. Scott G. Feller to Scott G. Feller, 866 Columbia Ave., Palmerton, property at 866 Columbia Ave., $1. Wells Fargo Bank N.A., to Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, property at 799 Edgemont Ave., $10. Double J Group LLC, to Nicole M. Jones, 322 Lehigh Ave., Palmerton, property at 332 Lehigh Ave., $82,000. Parryville Daniel O. Dailey to Daniel O. Dailey, 195 Main St., P.O. Box 21, Parryville, property at 195 Main St., $1. Penn Forest Township David G. Fickenscher to Edward Fickenscher, 7 Johnson Lane, P.O. Box 668, Albrightsville, property at 7 Johnson Lane, $1. Poplar Drive Property LLC, to Octavio Pulgarin, Lindenhurst, New York, Lot 815, Section L-III, Indian Mountain Lakes, $50,000. Sheriff of Carbon County to JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., Columbus, Ohio, property at 122 Buckhill Road, Albrightsville, $1. Sheriff of Carbon County to Pennymac Loan Services LLC, Westlake Village, California, property at 9 Black Oak Drive, $1. Rose Moore to Bryan L. Bills, Leola, property at 365 Cheyenne Circle, $20,000. Summit Hill Sheriff of Carbon County to Bayview Loan Servicing LLC, Coral Gable, Florida, property at 113 E. Fell St., $1. Deutsche Bank National Trust Company to Honradez Investment Group LLC, Gilbert, South Carolina, property at 300 W. Ludlow St., $10,250. Towamensing Township Edward W. Bush to Cari Kozicki, 50 Reuben Circle, Palmerton, property at 50 Reuben Circle, $210,000. Anthony Eugene Good to Daniel Passerini, 5415 Pohopoco Drive, Lehighton, property at 5415 Pohopoco Drive, $206,000. Sheriff of Carbon County to John E. Augustine, 25 Raymond St., Lehighton, property at 25 Raymond St., $1. Weatherly Thomas L. Figas to Keith John Barna, 210 Fourth St., Weatherly, property on Seventh Street, $30,000. Millard Glasser to Frederick Pollin, 650 E. Main St., Weatherly, property at 650 E. Main St., $55,000. David S. Clarke to David S. Clarke, 4 Eurana Ave., Weatherly, property at 234 Third St., $1. Weissport PNC Bank N.A., to Canal Complex LLC, 313 Anjay Aerial Lane, Lehighton, property at 204 Bridge St., $35,000. Sheriff of Carbon County to Federal National Mortgage Association, Dallas, Texas, property at 219 Franklin St., $1. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nokia Oyj - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) Receives “Outperform” Rating from William Blair Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (TARO) Raised to B at TheStreet Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd. Raises Position in Nokia Oyj (NOK) TheStreet Lowers IRIDEX Co. (IRIX) to D+ Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Harvest Capital Management Inc Has $2.286 Million Stake in Goldman Sachs BDC Inc (GSBD) Steven A. Osterberg Acquires 65,000 Shares of Timberline Resources Corp (TLRS) Stock Avinger Inc (AVGR) Given Outperform Rating at Cowen and Company Avinger Inc (AVGR) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Set TopBuild Corp (BLD) Target Price at $46.80 Layne Christensen Company (LAYN) Downgraded to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Expect Syntel, Inc. (SYNT) to Post $0.45 Earnings Per Share Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Stake Increased by Tompkins Financial Corp Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Shares Sold by Tompkins Financial Corp AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) Stake Boosted by Tompkins Financial Corp Harris Co. (HRS) Shares Bought by Tompkins Financial Corp SYSCO Co. (SYY) Stake Increased by Tompkins Financial Corp 24,274 Shares in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) Acquired by Fox Run Management L.L.C. Fox Run Management L.L.C. Purchases Shares of 10,800 Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd. Raises Position in Nokia Oyj (NOK) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Nokia Oyj (NYSE:NOK) by 4.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,154,881 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 52,551 shares during the period. Nokia Oyj comprises about 2.1% of Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 13th largest position. Financial & Investment Management Group Ltd.’s holdings in Nokia Oyj were worth $6,259,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its stake in shares of Nokia Oyj by 40.5% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 79,874 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $462,000 after buying an additional 23,020 shares during the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc raised its stake in shares of Nokia Oyj by 8.6% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 389,152 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $2,253,000 after buying an additional 30,935 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Nokia Oyj by 16.5% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 212,587 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,231,000 after buying an additional 30,057 shares during the last quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. raised its stake in shares of Nokia Oyj by 24.9% in the third quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. now owns 2,724,495 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $15,775,000 after buying an additional 542,800 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Nokia Oyj by 93.9% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 446,051 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $2,583,000 after buying an additional 216,043 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 5.71% of the company’s stock. Shares of Nokia Oyj (NYSE:NOK) traded up 0.77% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $5.26. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,280,199 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $5.31 and a 200-day moving average of $4.93. Nokia Oyj has a 52 week low of $4.04 and a 52 week high of $6.31. The stock’s market capitalization is $30.09 billion. Nokia Oyj (NYSE:NOK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The technology company reported $0.13 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.05. The business earned $6.72 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.35 billion. Nokia Oyj had a negative net margin of 2.96% and a positive return on equity of 6.17%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 13.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.15 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Nokia Oyj will post $0.24 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 14th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 26th will be paid a $0.1816 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 24th. This represents a dividend yield of 3.4%. Nokia Oyj’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -142.85%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/financial-investment-management-group-ltd-raises-position-in-nokia-oyj-nok.html. NOK has been the subject of a number of research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Nokia Oyj in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Vetr upgraded Nokia Oyj from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $5.43 target price for the company in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. lowered Nokia Oyj from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $7.00 target price for the company. in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of Nokia Oyj in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity lowered Nokia Oyj from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $5.50 to $5.00 in a report on Friday, January 13th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Nokia Oyj currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $9.57. About Nokia Oyj Nokia Corporation is a global provider of network infrastructure and related services, with a focus on mobile broadband, as well as advanced technology development and licensing. The Company’s businesses include Nokia Networks and Nokia Technologies. The Company’s segments include Mobile Broadband, Global Services, Nokia Networks Other and Nokia Technologies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NOK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nokia Oyj (NYSE:NOK). Receive News & Ratings for Nokia Oyj Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Stake Increased by Tompkins Financial Corp Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Shares Sold by Tompkins Financial Corp AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) Stake Boosted by Tompkins Financial Corp Harris Co. (HRS) Shares Bought by Tompkins Financial Corp SYSCO Co. (SYY) Stake Increased by Tompkins Financial Corp 24,274 Shares in Quanta Services Inc (PWR) Acquired by Fox Run Management L.L.C. Fox Run Management L.L.C. Purchases Shares of 10,800 Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) Fox Run Management L.L.C. Has $963,000 Stake in Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Fox Run Management L.L.C. Invests $944,000 in Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) Fox Run Management L.L.C. Invests $974,000 in HP Inc (HPQ) Skylands Capital LLC Acquires 1,300 Shares of Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) Skylands Capital LLC Raises Stake in Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Stake Raised by Skylands Capital LLC Simon Property Group (SPG) Earns News Impact Score of 0.56 O2Micro International Limited (OIIM) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.56 Knight Transportation’s (KNX) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Juniper Pharmaceuticals Inc (JNP) Upgraded to C by TheStreet Invuity, Inc. (IVTY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Fox Run Management L.L.C. Invests $974,000 in HP Inc (HPQ) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fox Run Management L.L.C. purchased a new position in shares of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm purchased 54,500 shares of the computer maker’s stock, valued at approximately $974,000. HP makes up approximately 0.4% of Fox Run Management L.L.C.’s portfolio, making the stock its 23rd largest position. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Meridian Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in HP during the fourth quarter valued at $236,000. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new position in HP during the third quarter valued at $106,000. FineMark National Bank & Trust raised its position in HP by 2.4% in the third quarter. FineMark National Bank & Trust now owns 7,027 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 168 shares in the last quarter. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. bought a new position in HP during the third quarter valued at $120,000. Finally, Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its position in HP by 9.6% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 8,000 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $124,000 after buying an additional 700 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.94% of the company’s stock. Shares of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) traded down 0.22% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $18.16. 2,424,871 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. HP Inc has a 52-week low of $11.31 and a 52-week high of $18.37. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $17.49 and its 200-day moving average is $15.77. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The computer maker reported $0.38 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.01. HP had a net margin of 5.17% and a negative return on equity of 63.67%. The firm earned $12.68 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.82 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.36 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that HP Inc will post $1.61 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 8th were given a dividend of $0.1327 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 6th. This represents a $0.53 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.92%. HP’s dividend payout ratio is 37.32%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/fox-run-management-l-l-c-invests-974000-in-hp-inc-hpq.html. Several research analysts have weighed in on HPQ shares. FBN Securities upgraded shares of HP from a “sector perform” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $15.00 to $19.00 in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. BMO Capital Markets upped their price objective on shares of HP to $17.00 in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of HP from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Guggenheim started coverage on shares of HP in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of HP in a research note on Sunday, January 8th. Ten analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $17.51. In other HP news, CFO Catherine A. Lesjak sold 120,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total transaction of $2,176,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 120,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,176,800. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Catherine A. Lesjak sold 719,775 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.60, for a total value of $12,668,040.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 599,775 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,556,040. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 963,357 shares of company stock valued at $17,005,974 in the last ninety days. 0.51% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. HP Company Profile HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HPQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ). Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Seaspan Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Western Digital Corp (WDC) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Pharma Mar (PHMMF) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Prospect Capital Co. (PSEC) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research pdvWireless Inc (PDVW) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Has $297,000 Stake in Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Given Outperform Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. 2.6% Stake of Seaspan Co. (SSW) Owned by Wang Gerry Yougui Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY Reduces Position in Workday Inc (WDAY) Rupert Resources Ltd (RUP) Insider Purchases C$12,160.00 in Stock Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Holds Stake in Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS) Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Position Maintained by Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY Bulldog Investors, Llc Acquires 4,511 Shares of Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (PHF) Stock Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Position Held by Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Cormac F. Miller Sells 750 Shares of The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Stock Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co (RS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Given $14.67 Average Price Target by Analysts Charles River Laboratories Intl. Inc (CRL) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Metso Oyj (MXCYY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Organovo Holdings Inc (ONVO) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research 2.6% Stake of Seaspan Co. (SSW) Owned by Wang Gerry Yougui April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wang Gerry Yougui recently stated that they own 2.6% of Seaspan Co. (NYSE:SSW) in a Form 13D/A disclosure that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday, April 17th. The investor owns 2,852,289 shares of the stock valued at about $19,138,859. The reporting parties listed on the disclosure included Gerry Wang Family Enterprises Limited and Gerry Yougui Wang. The disclosure is available through the SEC website at this hyperlink. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. increased its stake in shares of Seaspan by 6.5% in the fourth quarter. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. now owns 16,664 shares of the company’s stock worth $152,000 after buying an additional 1,021 shares during the period. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in shares of Seaspan by 215.3% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 17,561 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,000 after buying an additional 11,991 shares during the period. Renaissance Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Seaspan by 16.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Group LLC now owns 18,437 shares of the company’s stock worth $169,000 after buying an additional 2,597 shares during the period. Highbridge Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Seaspan during the fourth quarter worth about $193,000. Finally, L & S Advisors Inc acquired a new stake in shares of Seaspan during the fourth quarter worth about $197,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 11.71% of the company’s stock. Shares of Seaspan Co. (NYSE:SSW) traded down 2.35% during trading on Monday, reaching $6.64. The company had a trading volume of 272,251 shares. Seaspan Co. has a 52-week low of $6.05 and a 52-week high of $18.36. The stock’s market capitalization is $701.62 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $6.95 and a 200 day moving average of $9.41. Seaspan (NYSE:SSW) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.18 by $0.03. The company earned $213.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $213.39 million. Seaspan had a negative net margin of 7.28% and a positive return on equity of 10.38%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 2.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.35 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Seaspan Co. will post $0.69 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 1st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be given a $0.125 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 18th. This represents a $0.50 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 7.45%. Seaspan’s payout ratio is currently -141.51%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/2-6-stake-of-seaspan-co-ssw-owned-by-wang-gerry-yougui.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on SSW. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Seaspan from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price target for the stock from $10.00 to $8.00 in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and set a $6.00 price target (down from $11.00) on shares of Seaspan in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $8.00 price target on Seaspan and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Seaport Global Securities reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Seaspan in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Seaspan from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have given a hold rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $9.06. Seaspan Company Profile Seaspan Corporation is an independent charter owner and manager of containerships. The Company charters pursuant to long-term, fixed-rate time charters with various container liner companies. As of February 20, 2017, it had operated a fleet of 88 containerships and had entered into contracts for the purchase of an additional eight new building containerships. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SSW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Seaspan Co. (NYSE:SSW). Receive News & Ratings for Seaspan Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Seaspan Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bank of New York Mellon Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank of New York Mellon Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY Reduces Position in Workday Inc (WDAY) Rupert Resources Ltd (RUP) Insider Purchases C$12,160.00 in Stock Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Holds Stake in Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS) Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Position Maintained by Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY Bulldog Investors, Llc Acquires 4,511 Shares of Pacholder High Yield Fund Inc (PHF) Stock Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Position Held by Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Cormac F. Miller Sells 750 Shares of The Advisory Board Company (ABCO) Stock Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co (RS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Given $14.67 Average Price Target by Analysts Charles River Laboratories Intl. Inc (CRL) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Metso Oyj (MXCYY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Organovo Holdings Inc (ONVO) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Receives Overweight Rating from Piper Jaffray Companies Apple’s (AAPL) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Rosenblatt Securities Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd (NCLH) Shares Sold by Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY Decreases Position in Nestle SA (NSRGY) W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Stake Maintained by MU Investments Co. Ltd. ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Shares Sold by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Stake Maintained by MU Investments Co. Ltd. Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Position Maintained by Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY held its stake in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 16,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Bristol John W & Co. Inc. NY’s holdings in Bank of New York Mellon Corp were worth $756,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in BK. World Asset Management Inc boosted its position in shares of Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 1.0% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 107,968 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,306,000 after buying an additional 1,119 shares in the last quarter. Financial Architects Inc raised its position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 0.6% in the third quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 17,718 shares of the company’s stock valued at $706,000 after buying an additional 99 shares during the last quarter. DnB Asset Management AS raised its position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 2.9% in the third quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 102,067 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,070,000 after buying an additional 2,900 shares during the last quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 3.2% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 165,717 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,609,000 after buying an additional 5,072 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Schulhoff & Co. Inc. raised its position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 6.1% in the third quarter. Schulhoff & Co. Inc. now owns 13,548 shares of the company’s stock valued at $540,000 after buying an additional 775 shares during the last quarter. 82.83% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK) traded up 0.13% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $46.48. The company had a trading volume of 549,682 shares. Bank of New York Mellon Corp has a 52 week low of $35.72 and a 52 week high of $49.54. The company has a market capitalization of $48.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.76 and a beta of 1.32. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $47.35 and a 200 day moving average price of $45.77. Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $0.77 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.77. Bank of New York Mellon Corp had a return on equity of 9.74% and a net margin of 22.64%. The business had revenue of $3.79 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.85 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.68 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Bank of New York Mellon Corp will post $3.48 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/bank-of-new-york-mellon-corp-bk-position-maintained-by-bristol-john-w-co-inc-ny.html. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on BK shares. Citigroup Inc upgraded Bank of New York Mellon Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $50.00 to $57.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded Bank of New York Mellon Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $50.00 to $57.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. Barclays PLC raised their price target on Bank of New York Mellon Corp from $48.00 to $55.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Bank of New York Mellon Corp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $47.50 to $49.00 in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods lowered Bank of New York Mellon Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $54.00 to $48.00 in a research report on Friday, January 20th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, four have assigned a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Bank of New York Mellon Corp currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $50.92. In other Bank of New York Mellon Corp news, Vice Chairman Brian T. Shea sold 199,676 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.07, for a total transaction of $8,999,397.32. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 348,486 shares in the company, valued at $15,706,264.02. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 3.40% of the company’s stock. About Bank of New York Mellon Corp The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is an investments company. The Company operates businesses through two segments: Investment Management and Investment Services. The Company also has an Other segment, which includes the leasing portfolio, corporate treasury activities (including its investment securities portfolio), derivatives and other trading, corporate and bank-owned life insurance and renewable energy investments, and business exits. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK). Receive News & Ratings for Bank of New York Mellon Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank of New York Mellon Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Stake Maintained by MU Investments Co. Ltd. ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Shares Sold by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Stake Maintained by MU Investments Co. Ltd. Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA Maintains Position in Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Sold by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) is MU Investments Co. Ltd.’s 9th Largest Position LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Shares Bought by Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA MU Investments Co. Ltd. Cuts Stake in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Purchases 37,312 Shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA Takes Position in Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Reduces Position in Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Aquinox Pharmaceuticals (AQXP) Receiving Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Report Finds Ampco-Pittsburgh Corp (AP) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Angie's List (ANGI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. (NGS) VP Sells $72,726.00 in Stock Mcmullen Family Trust Sells 173,500 Shares of GT Gold Corp (GTT) Stock Mike Rose Purchases 2,500 Shares of Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Stock Zacks: Brokerages Expect Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.72 Per Share $0.36 EPS Expected for Alcentra Capital Corp (ABDC) This Quarter 15,600 Shares in BB&T Co. (BBT) Acquired by Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Purchases 37,312 Shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC boosted its position in AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG) by 306.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 49,492 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 37,312 shares during the period. Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC owned approximately 0.14% of AMAG Pharmaceuticals worth $1,116,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 1,666.7% in the third quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 5,300 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $130,000 after buying an additional 5,000 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 20.8% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 4,520 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 777 shares during the period. Exane Derivatives boosted its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 15.3% in the third quarter. Exane Derivatives now owns 22,663 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $555,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the period. Clark Estates Inc. NY boosted its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 17.0% in the third quarter. Clark Estates Inc. NY now owns 103,100 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,527,000 after buying an additional 15,000 shares during the period. Finally, Rothschild Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals by 2.6% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 9,686 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $237,000 after buying an additional 244 shares during the period. AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG) traded up 0.85% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $23.60. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 62,456 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $22.87 and its 200 day moving average price is $26.56. AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. has a 1-year low of $17.92 and a 1-year high of $36.83. The firm’s market capitalization is $810.40 million. AMAG Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:AMAG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 14th. The specialty pharmaceutical company reported ($0.31) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.55. AMAG Pharmaceuticals had a net margin of 3.12% and a return on equity of 11.10%. The firm earned $151.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $155.12 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.12 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 39.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. will post $6.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/cornerstone-financial-partners-llc-purchases-37312-shares-of-amag-pharmaceuticals-inc-amag.html. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on the company. Raymond James Financial, Inc. restated an “underperform” rating on shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Zacks Investment Research cut AMAG Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Cantor Fitzgerald restated a “neutral” rating and set a $33.00 price objective on shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Janney Montgomery Scott assumed coverage on AMAG Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $45.00 price objective for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $24.00 price objective on AMAG Pharmaceuticals and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $32.00. About AMAG Pharmaceuticals AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a pharmaceutical company. The Company’s segment is the manufacture, development and commercialization of products and services for use in treating various conditions, with a focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care. Its offerings focus on maternal health, anemia management and cancer supportive care, including its product, Makena (hydroxyprogesterone caproate injection); services related to the collection, processing and storage of umbilical cord blood stem cell and cord tissue units operated through Cord Blood Registry (CBR); its product, Feraheme (ferumoxytol), for intravenous (IV) use, and MuGard Mucoadhesive Oral Wound Rinse. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AMAG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAG). Receive News & Ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AMAG Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Stake Maintained by MU Investments Co. Ltd. ON Semiconductor Corp (ON) Shares Sold by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Stake Maintained by MU Investments Co. Ltd. Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA Maintains Position in Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) General Motors Company (GM) Shares Sold by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) is MU Investments Co. Ltd.’s 9th Largest Position LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Shares Bought by Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA MU Investments Co. Ltd. Cuts Stake in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Purchases 37,312 Shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA Takes Position in Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Reduces Position in Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Aquinox Pharmaceuticals (AQXP) Receiving Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Report Finds Ampco-Pittsburgh Corp (AP) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Angie's List (ANGI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. (NGS) VP Sells $72,726.00 in Stock Mcmullen Family Trust Sells 173,500 Shares of GT Gold Corp (GTT) Stock Mike Rose Purchases 2,500 Shares of Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Stock Zacks: Brokerages Expect Adamas Pharmaceuticals Inc (ADMS) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.72 Per Share $0.36 EPS Expected for Alcentra Capital Corp (ABDC) This Quarter 15,600 Shares in BB&T Co. (BBT) Acquired by Shelter Ins Retirement Plan MU Investments Co. Ltd. Cuts Stake in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet MU Investments Co. Ltd. cut its position in AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) by 0.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 65,650 shares of the company’s stock after selling 110 shares during the period. AFLAC accounts for 3.4% of MU Investments Co. Ltd.’s portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. MU Investments Co. Ltd.’s holdings in AFLAC were worth $4,748,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new position in AFLAC during the fourth quarter worth about $115,000. TLP Group LLC purchased a new position in AFLAC during the third quarter worth about $123,000. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC increased its position in AFLAC by 41.7% in the third quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC now owns 1,766 shares of the company’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 520 shares during the period. SRB Corp increased its position in AFLAC by 4.4% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 2,153 shares of the company’s stock worth $155,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the period. Finally, Oakworth Capital Inc. increased its position in AFLAC by 17.7% in the third quarter. Oakworth Capital Inc. now owns 2,160 shares of the company’s stock worth $155,000 after buying an additional 325 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 62.45% of the company’s stock. Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) traded up 0.37% during trading on Monday, hitting $73.27. The stock had a trading volume of 151,591 shares. The firm has a market cap of $29.41 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.41 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC Incorporated has a 12-month low of $66.42 and a 12-month high of $74.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $72.32 and a 200 day moving average price of $70.85. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.54 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.09. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. The business earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.65 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.56 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.42 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/mu-investments-co-ltd-cuts-stake-in-aflac-incorporated-afl.html. A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price target on AFLAC from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $62.00 price target (down from $65.00) on shares of AFLAC in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Bank of America Corp upgraded AFLAC from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $75.00 to $78.00 in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research downgraded AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Evercore ISI upgraded AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $72.61. In other news, insider Audrey B. Tillman sold 900 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.96, for a total transaction of $64,764.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 31,185 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,244,072.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Robert B. Johnson sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.92, for a total transaction of $141,840.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 19,281 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,367,408.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 52,630 shares of company stock valued at $3,760,333 in the last 90 days. Insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AFL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL). Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
login register advertise back issues contact us subscribe   artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance news recent Archive 04.13.17 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture 04.13.17 Knight Foundation Awards $250,000 to New Museum’s NEW INC 04.13.17 Sculptor of Wall Street’s Charging Bull Calls for Removal of Fearless Girl 04.13.17 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement 04.13.17 Pierre Huber to Close Art & Public Gallery in Geneva 04.13.17 Hauser & Wirth Names Randy Kennedy as Director of Special Projects 04.13.17 Dispute Threatens Plans to Establish Hilma af Klint Museum 04.13.17 Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture Acquires James Baldwin Archive recent Archive week of 02.20.17 week of 02.13.17 week of 02.06.17 week of 01.30.17 week of 01.23.17 week of 01.16.17 week of 01.09.17 week of 01.02.17 week of 12.26.16 week of 12.19.16 week of 12.12.16 week of 12.05.16 week of 11.28.16 week of 11.21.16 week of 11.14.16 week of 11.07.16 week of 10.31.16 week of 10.24.16 week of 10.17.16 week of 10.10.16 Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Alexandra Pechman at the 13th SP-Arte in São Paulo Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the opening of Documenta 14 in Athens Andrew Hultkrans on fake news Pia Capelli at the 22nd edition of MiArt Michael Wilson at the 7th annual Brooklyn Artists Ball Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the 6th Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival in Cairo Diary Picks Film Newest Reviews “Lives Between” Cassils “Signifying Form” John McAllister Maeve Brennan Stephen Irwin Rene Ricard Trish Tillman Sebastião Salgado Erwin Wurm “Échame Aguas” Vincenzo Agnetti Tommy Hartung Christopher Williams Zhang Enli Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Amy Taubin on Katell Quillévéré’s Heal the Living Nick Pinkerton on Anocha Suwichakornpong’s By the Time It Gets Dark Paige K. Bradley on Makoto Shinkai’s Your Name Nick Pinkerton on “Ecstasy and Irony: Czech Cinema, 1927–1943” Nick Pinkerton on All These Sleepless Nights Amy Taubin on Tony Conrad: Completely in the Present POSTED April 17, 2017 Ullens Center for Contemporary Art’s CEO May Xue Resigns May Xue The chief executive officer of the Ullens Center for Contemporary Art in Beijing, China, has resigned. May Xue will officially step down from her role, which she started in May 2011, on April 20. Almost a year ago, founders Guy and Myriam Ullens announced a search for new owners for the center, which may have been a factor contributing to Xue’s departure. Prior to joining UCCA, Xue worked as a director at various multinational corporations, and has fifteen years of experience in sales, marketing, and general management. Her past projects include planning and coordinating the first Chinese Contemporary Art Awards (CCAA) exhibition in 2008; managing the VIP reception for the Organizing Committee of the 2008 Olympic Games; and planning the celebration ceremony for the first US flight undertaken by Hainan Airlines, in which she managed the reception for all Chinese and US officials as well as press relations. She has previously worked at the City Club in Los Angeles (CAA), the Capital Club Beijing, and Cartier. May Xue first joined UCCA in 2009 as director of UCCASTORE, a concept store celebrating China’s design talent. She oversaw the development of activities supporting UCCA’s many not-for-profit activities, including exhibitions and public programs. In 2015, she also completed the Getty Leadership Institute program. She may be heading to a position at Adrian Cheng’s K11 Art Foundation next. Permalink Comments LATEST NEWS April 17, 2017 Rochester Art Center Faces Uncertain Future Rochester Art Center Matt McKinney reports in the Minnesota StarTribune that the Rochester Art Center in Rochester, Minnesota, is facing financial turmoil and high employee turnover. Thirteen years ago, the center relocated to a new $8 million building overlooking the South Fork Zumbro River, though recent documents reveal that the institution’s once bright future is in question. The institution’s most recent tax return, filed seven months late, showed an operating deficit of $279,000 for 2015. Since then, ten of the center’s eleven full-time employees quit or were fired, supposedly resulting from a “toxic work environment” that former employees say was created by director Megan Johnston. Johnston resigned last January, just days before the center filed its overdue 2015 audit. She said in a recent interview that she was unaware of the size of the center’s debt when she took over, calling the pressure of the finances there “overwhelming.” She was hired in October 2015 and from the start, she said, she was facing a debt, adding that “there was a dozen or more initiatives in 2016” that tried to turn the situation around. The center typically runs a deficit, but in 2015 it was larger than the average deficit reported since 2009, the earliest year that tax returns were available. The institution’s board and management have yet to provide details beyond the tax return, including how it spent some $570,000 in public support in 2014 and 2015. City funding accounts for roughly a third of the center’s annual revenue. Interim director Lee Koch said that a decision about the center’s future will not be made until a full review of its finances is complete. Koch further noted that those details should be released at the center’s annual meeting in May. Permalink Comments April 17, 2017 James Jensen (1950–2017) James Jensen The curator of contemporary art at the Honolulu Museum of Art, James Jensen, died last week, according to a report by Nina Wu in the Honolulu Star Advertiser. After earning a bachelor’s in art history and a master’s in arts administration at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, Jay moved to Hawaii in 1976 to work as the administrative assistant to then director of the Honolulu Academy of Arts, Jim Foster. From there he became the museum’s publications editor, then assistant curator, and eventually curator of Western art. In 1991, he became associate director and chief curator at the newly established Contemporary Museum, Honolulu. When the two museums merged as the Honolulu Museum of Art in 2011, Jensen was named curator of contemporary art. His work included curating exhibitions such as “Serious Fun: Thurston Twigg-Smith and Contemporary Art,” “Courage and Strength: Portraits of Those Who Have Served,” and “Decisive Moments: Photographs from the Collection of Cherye R. and James F. Pierce.” He also worked with many local artists, including Diane KW Chen, Wendy Kawabata, John Koga, Kapulani Landgraf, Deborah G. Nehmad, Maya Lea Portner, and Paul Pfeiffer. Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Gillian Wearing Becomes First Woman to Create Work for UK’s Parliament Square Gillian Wearing Photo: Linda Nylind for The Guardian The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has announced that Turner-Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing will be the first woman commissioned to make an artwork for the UK’s Parliament Square, Mark Brown of The Guardian reports. The “milestone project” was endorsed by Prime Minister Theresa May earlier this month. Wearing will create a statue of suffragette Millicent Fawcett, who led the biggest suffrage organization, the NUWSS, from 1890 to 1919, and played a key role in gaining women the vote. The work will be installed alongside nine statues of men—Sir Robert Peel, Benjamin Disraeli, the Earl of Derby, Lord Palmerston, Field Marshal Jan Smuts, Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Nelson Mandela, and Mahatma Gandhi. The statue will be installed in 2018 during the upcoming centenary celebrations of women winning the right to vote in the UK. Activist Caroline Criado-Perez launched a campaign to break up the male-dominated square in 2016. She started a petition that was signed by 85,000 people. “Women make up more than half the population—but from looking at our public spaces, you would never know that,” Criado-Perez said. “Just 2.7 percent of British statues are of named women, and even these are mostly royals.” ► MORE In the September 2011 issue of Artforum, Emily Hall reviewed Wearing’s show at Tanya Bonakdar Gallery in New York. She wrote: “Long before Facebook, Gillian Wearing was pulling apart the conflicted, mediated relationship between our real selves and those we present to the world. Whether photographing strangers on the street holding signs that state what they’re thinking, or documenting herself dancing wildly in a public place, or filming adults as they lip-synch to recordings of children speaking, she mixes and matches the elements of identity—those elements that we assume compose our selves, our most private selves—and makes them public in ways that confound personhood rather than cement it.” LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Lorraine Pearce (1934–2017) Lorraine Pearce, White House curator, with a visitor in the China room. Photo: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Lorraine Pearce, a decorative arts scholar who became the first curator for the White House, died in Charlottesville, Virginia, on March 14 at the age of eighty-two, Richard Sandomir of the New York Times reports. Former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy asked Pearce to help her restore the White House’s historic rooms, which were given a modern look during a restoration under president Harry Truman. Pearce created the curator position and then began working to revert the rooms to the style they were decorated in after the 1817 reconstruction. Born in the Bronx on April 14, 1934, Pearce studied at the City College of New York before traveling to Strasbourg, France, on a Fulbright Scholarship. She earned her master’s degree in early American culture from the Winterthur Program at the University of Delaware. Founder of the Winterthur Museum Henry Francis du Pont recommended Pearce to the Kennedys while serving as chairman of the White House Fine Arts Committee. ► MORE During her tenure at the presidential mansion, Pearce cataloged the White House’s historic objects including, furniture, paintings, statues, and antiques, sorted through storage, and conducted extensive research on items that were for sale and donated. Among Pearce’s discoveries were a mirror that belonged to George Washington and a chair that once sat in Abraham Lincoln’s bedroom. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 William Kentridge Establishes Johannesburg Art Center William Kentridge at his independent art center in Johannesburg. Photo: Stella Olivier After the closure of South Africa’s Johannesburg Art Gallery sparked concerns over dwindling funds for public art institutions, South African artist William Kentridge decided to open an independent art center, Cristina Ruiz of the Art Newspaper reports. Located in the Arts on Main complex in Central Johannesburg, which also houses Kentridge’s studio and other cultural organizations, the center opened in March with a series of performances, film screenings, and exhibitions. “Ideally, we would have double the space and double the money, but I think the small scale is also good,” Kentridge said. “As soon as it gets larger it gets lost in questions of committees and trustees, and suddenly everyone is having to write big proposals to justify their work before it is made rather than allowing the work to come from the very uncertainty around it.” Kentridge is critical of NGOs, non-governmental organizations, which support art projects because in order to receive funding artists must adhere to their funding guidelines, which can restrict their vision for a work. He believes artists should be able to experiment and make work that isn’t successful without fearing repercussions, which is why the artist calls the venue a center for the “less good idea.” He wants it to be a “safe space for uncertainty, doubt, stupidity and, at times, failure.” ► MORE The center will organize two seasons of programming each year. Kentridge has committed to funding the space for the next three years, but did not confirm how much he invested in the project. According to reports in South African media outlets, the center has an annual budget of $229,000. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Phillips Appoints Lilly Chan Managing Director of Asia Lilly Chan Phillips has named Lilly Chan, Christie’s global managing director for Asian art, as its new managing director of Asia. Chan will take up the post in May and will be based in the company’s Hong Kong office. Chan will be responsible for implementing and managing all strategic, procedural, and operational aspects of the company in Asia with a focus on realizing Phillips’s vision for building the brand. Prior to joining Christie’s, Chan worked at JP Morgan Treasury Services, where she was the head of new product marketing for the Asia-Pacific market. “The importance of Asia to our overall international growth strategy cannot be overstated,” said Phillips CEO Edward Dolman. “The collecting of contemporary art, design objects, photographs, and jewelry in Asia has been growing at an exponential rate and we are seeing more Asian collectors at our New York and London auctions. A foremost priority for us has been to strengthen our presence in Asia and build relationships with collectors across the region—and a critical component in this ambitious plan is the appointment of an experienced managing director such as Lilly. I look forward to working with her and our entire Asian team to build our reputation as the most innovative auction house in the region.” ► MORE Along with growing the Hong Kong office, Phillips has made a series of recent appointments to boost its presence in Asia. In the past year, the company named Jane Yoon as the regional representative in Korea, Cindy Yen in Taiwan, and Kyoko Hattori in Japan. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Pedro Lasch to Join Usdan Summer Camp as First-Ever Artist in Residence Pedro Lasch Usdan Summer Camp for the arts—an arts education initiative founded in 1968 that today serves more than 1,500 students each year—has announced that artist Pedro Lasch has been chosen as its inaugural artist in residence. Located in Wheatley Heights on Long Island, New York, the nonprofit program welcomes students from ages four to eighteen. Beginning this summer, Lasch will launch a three-year art project in collaboration with Usdan’s students, faculty, and staff. “Dreaming in the Woods” will draw from the people, grounds, and resources at Usdan for inspiration in the creation of new works and will give students first-hand experience in making art. “Often, collaborations with children are dismissed as not being ‘professional’ or ‘real art,’” Lasch said. “I’m excited to be doing this work at Usdan—a camp known for putting the student at the center and fostering creativity on all levels—as a way to challenge these typical perspectives and push towards a collaborative and innovative contemporary art engagement.” ► MORE Executive director Lauren Brandt Schloss said, “As discussions about launching the artist-in-residence program at Usdan took hold, Pedro was always top of mind. The goal of these artists in residence initiatives is to bring into all disciplines of contemporary art the ideas, concerns, and voices of youth.” Born and raised in Mexico City, Lasch studied art at Cooper Union before earning his master’s degree from Goldsmiths College in London. From 1999 to 2005, he served as the founding director of the experimental program Art, Story-Telling, and the Five Senses in Jackson Heights, Queens, and joined Duke University as a professor in 2002. Lasch co-authored two books: Black Mirror/Espejo Negro, 2012, and Grand Gestures and (Im)modest Proposals, 2012. His work has been featured in exhibitions at PS1 MoMA, the Queens Museum, The Phillips Collection, the Fifty-Sixth Venice Biennale, the Eleventh Havana Biennale, and Documenta 13. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture Steve Tobin, Trinity Root, 2005. Pennsylvania-based sculptor Steve Tobin is suing Lower Manhattan’s Trinity Church for relocating an eighteen-foot-tall bronze memorial dedicated to the victims of the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Modeled after a massive Sycamore tree that grew in the churchyard until it was destroyed by debris from the Twin Towers, Trinity Root cost the artist more than $300,000 to make. Last year, Tobin was shocked when he found out that the church had moved the sculpture to a site in Connecticut without telling him. He also claims that the work was damaged during transport. Tobin’s lawyer Steven S. Honigman filed a lawsuit in a Manhattan Federal District Court on Wednesday after attempts to work out the issue with the church were unsuccessful. “This is about the solemn promise the church gave to Steve Tobin when he offered to create that sculpture,” Honigman said. “He offered to create it if the church would give it a permanent place in the courtyard. The church agreed.” ► MORE According to the complaint, Reverend William Lupfer, the eighteenth rector of Trinity, wanted to send the work away so that “hordes of strangers” would stop crowding the church’s courtyard. Even though Tobin no longer owns the piece, Honigman said the church is in violation of a law that “prohibits the removal of [permanent, site-specific] sculptures.” In response, the church said: “While we have no comment on this litigation, Trinity is pleased to have the sculpture at Trinity’s retreat center, where it will be among a collection of planned sites that will encourage prayerful reflection, remembrance, and spiritual transformation.” LESS Permalink Comments diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 All rights reserved. artforum.com is a registered trademark of Artforum International Magazine, New York, NY
login register advertise back issues contact us subscribe   artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance news recent Archive 04.13.17 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture 04.13.17 Knight Foundation Awards $250,000 to New Museum’s NEW INC 04.13.17 Sculptor of Wall Street’s Charging Bull Calls for Removal of Fearless Girl 04.13.17 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement 04.13.17 Pierre Huber to Close Art & Public Gallery in Geneva 04.13.17 Hauser & Wirth Names Randy Kennedy as Director of Special Projects 04.13.17 Dispute Threatens Plans to Establish Hilma af Klint Museum 04.13.17 Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture Acquires James Baldwin Archive recent Archive week of 02.20.17 week of 02.13.17 week of 02.06.17 week of 01.30.17 week of 01.23.17 week of 01.16.17 week of 01.09.17 week of 01.02.17 week of 12.26.16 week of 12.19.16 week of 12.12.16 week of 12.05.16 week of 11.28.16 week of 11.21.16 week of 11.14.16 week of 11.07.16 week of 10.31.16 week of 10.24.16 week of 10.17.16 week of 10.10.16 Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Alexandra Pechman at the 13th SP-Arte in São Paulo Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the opening of Documenta 14 in Athens Andrew Hultkrans on fake news Pia Capelli at the 22nd edition of MiArt Michael Wilson at the 7th annual Brooklyn Artists Ball Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the 6th Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival in Cairo Diary Picks Film Newest Reviews “Lives Between” Cassils “Signifying Form” John McAllister Maeve Brennan Stephen Irwin Rene Ricard Trish Tillman Sebastião Salgado Erwin Wurm “Échame Aguas” Vincenzo Agnetti Tommy Hartung Christopher Williams Zhang Enli Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Amy Taubin on Katell Quillévéré’s Heal the Living Nick Pinkerton on Anocha Suwichakornpong’s By the Time It Gets Dark Paige K. Bradley on Makoto Shinkai’s Your Name Nick Pinkerton on “Ecstasy and Irony: Czech Cinema, 1927–1943” Nick Pinkerton on All These Sleepless Nights Amy Taubin on Tony Conrad: Completely in the Present POSTED April 17, 2017 Rochester Art Center Faces Uncertain Future Rochester Art Center Matt McKinney reports in the Minnesota StarTribune that the Rochester Art Center in Rochester, Minnesota, is facing financial turmoil and high employee turnover. Thirteen years ago, the center relocated to a new $8 million building overlooking the South Fork Zumbro River, though recent documents reveal that the institution’s once bright future is in question. The institution’s most recent tax return, filed seven months late, showed an operating deficit of $279,000 for 2015. Since then, ten of the center’s eleven full-time employees quit or were fired, supposedly resulting from a “toxic work environment” that former employees say was created by director Megan Johnston. Johnston resigned last January, just days before the center filed its overdue 2015 audit. She said in a recent interview that she was unaware of the size of the center’s debt when she took over, calling the pressure of the finances there “overwhelming.” She was hired in October 2015 and from the start, she said, she was facing a debt, adding that “there was a dozen or more initiatives in 2016” that tried to turn the situation around. The center typically runs a deficit, but in 2015 it was larger than the average deficit reported since 2009, the earliest year that tax returns were available. The institution’s board and management have yet to provide details beyond the tax return, including how it spent some $570,000 in public support in 2014 and 2015. City funding accounts for roughly a third of the center’s annual revenue. Interim director Lee Koch said that a decision about the center’s future will not be made until a full review of its finances is complete. Koch further noted that those details should be released at the center’s annual meeting in May. Permalink Comments LATEST NEWS April 17, 2017 Ullens Center for Contemporary Art’s CEO May Xue Resigns May Xue The chief executive officer of the Ullens Center for Contemporary Art in Beijing, China, has resigned. May Xue will officially step down from her role, which she started in May 2011, on April 20. Almost a year ago, founders Guy and Myriam Ullens announced a search for new owners for the center, which may have been a factor contributing to Xue’s departure. Prior to joining UCCA, Xue worked as a director at various multinational corporations, and has fifteen years of experience in sales, marketing, and general management. Her past projects include planning and coordinating the first Chinese Contemporary Art Awards (CCAA) exhibition in 2008; managing the VIP reception for the Organizing Committee of the 2008 Olympic Games; and planning the celebration ceremony for the first US flight undertaken by Hainan Airlines, in which she managed the reception for all Chinese and US officials as well as press relations. She has previously worked at the City Club in Los Angeles (CAA), the Capital Club Beijing, and Cartier. May Xue first joined UCCA in 2009 as director of UCCASTORE, a concept store celebrating China’s design talent. She oversaw the development of activities supporting UCCA’s many not-for-profit activities, including exhibitions and public programs. In 2015, she also completed the Getty Leadership Institute program. She may be heading to a position at Adrian Cheng’s K11 Art Foundation next. Permalink Comments April 17, 2017 James Jensen (1950–2017) James Jensen The curator of contemporary art at the Honolulu Museum of Art, James Jensen, died last week, according to a report by Nina Wu in the Honolulu Star Advertiser. After earning a bachelor’s in art history and a master’s in arts administration at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, Jay moved to Hawaii in 1976 to work as the administrative assistant to then director of the Honolulu Academy of Arts, Jim Foster. From there he became the museum’s publications editor, then assistant curator, and eventually curator of Western art. In 1991, he became associate director and chief curator at the newly established Contemporary Museum, Honolulu. When the two museums merged as the Honolulu Museum of Art in 2011, Jensen was named curator of contemporary art. His work included curating exhibitions such as “Serious Fun: Thurston Twigg-Smith and Contemporary Art,” “Courage and Strength: Portraits of Those Who Have Served,” and “Decisive Moments: Photographs from the Collection of Cherye R. and James F. Pierce.” He also worked with many local artists, including Diane KW Chen, Wendy Kawabata, John Koga, Kapulani Landgraf, Deborah G. Nehmad, Maya Lea Portner, and Paul Pfeiffer. Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Gillian Wearing Becomes First Woman to Create Work for UK’s Parliament Square Gillian Wearing Photo: Linda Nylind for The Guardian The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has announced that Turner-Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing will be the first woman commissioned to make an artwork for the UK’s Parliament Square, Mark Brown of The Guardian reports. The “milestone project” was endorsed by Prime Minister Theresa May earlier this month. Wearing will create a statue of suffragette Millicent Fawcett, who led the biggest suffrage organization, the NUWSS, from 1890 to 1919, and played a key role in gaining women the vote. The work will be installed alongside nine statues of men—Sir Robert Peel, Benjamin Disraeli, the Earl of Derby, Lord Palmerston, Field Marshal Jan Smuts, Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Nelson Mandela, and Mahatma Gandhi. The statue will be installed in 2018 during the upcoming centenary celebrations of women winning the right to vote in the UK. Activist Caroline Criado-Perez launched a campaign to break up the male-dominated square in 2016. She started a petition that was signed by 85,000 people. “Women make up more than half the population—but from looking at our public spaces, you would never know that,” Criado-Perez said. “Just 2.7 percent of British statues are of named women, and even these are mostly royals.” ► MORE In the September 2011 issue of Artforum, Emily Hall reviewed Wearing’s show at Tanya Bonakdar Gallery in New York. She wrote: “Long before Facebook, Gillian Wearing was pulling apart the conflicted, mediated relationship between our real selves and those we present to the world. Whether photographing strangers on the street holding signs that state what they’re thinking, or documenting herself dancing wildly in a public place, or filming adults as they lip-synch to recordings of children speaking, she mixes and matches the elements of identity—those elements that we assume compose our selves, our most private selves—and makes them public in ways that confound personhood rather than cement it.” LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Lorraine Pearce (1934–2017) Lorraine Pearce, White House curator, with a visitor in the China room. Photo: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Lorraine Pearce, a decorative arts scholar who became the first curator for the White House, died in Charlottesville, Virginia, on March 14 at the age of eighty-two, Richard Sandomir of the New York Times reports. Former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy asked Pearce to help her restore the White House’s historic rooms, which were given a modern look during a restoration under president Harry Truman. Pearce created the curator position and then began working to revert the rooms to the style they were decorated in after the 1817 reconstruction. Born in the Bronx on April 14, 1934, Pearce studied at the City College of New York before traveling to Strasbourg, France, on a Fulbright Scholarship. She earned her master’s degree in early American culture from the Winterthur Program at the University of Delaware. Founder of the Winterthur Museum Henry Francis du Pont recommended Pearce to the Kennedys while serving as chairman of the White House Fine Arts Committee. ► MORE During her tenure at the presidential mansion, Pearce cataloged the White House’s historic objects including, furniture, paintings, statues, and antiques, sorted through storage, and conducted extensive research on items that were for sale and donated. Among Pearce’s discoveries were a mirror that belonged to George Washington and a chair that once sat in Abraham Lincoln’s bedroom. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 William Kentridge Establishes Johannesburg Art Center William Kentridge at his independent art center in Johannesburg. Photo: Stella Olivier After the closure of South Africa’s Johannesburg Art Gallery sparked concerns over dwindling funds for public art institutions, South African artist William Kentridge decided to open an independent art center, Cristina Ruiz of the Art Newspaper reports. Located in the Arts on Main complex in Central Johannesburg, which also houses Kentridge’s studio and other cultural organizations, the center opened in March with a series of performances, film screenings, and exhibitions. “Ideally, we would have double the space and double the money, but I think the small scale is also good,” Kentridge said. “As soon as it gets larger it gets lost in questions of committees and trustees, and suddenly everyone is having to write big proposals to justify their work before it is made rather than allowing the work to come from the very uncertainty around it.” Kentridge is critical of NGOs, non-governmental organizations, which support art projects because in order to receive funding artists must adhere to their funding guidelines, which can restrict their vision for a work. He believes artists should be able to experiment and make work that isn’t successful without fearing repercussions, which is why the artist calls the venue a center for the “less good idea.” He wants it to be a “safe space for uncertainty, doubt, stupidity and, at times, failure.” ► MORE The center will organize two seasons of programming each year. Kentridge has committed to funding the space for the next three years, but did not confirm how much he invested in the project. According to reports in South African media outlets, the center has an annual budget of $229,000. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Phillips Appoints Lilly Chan Managing Director of Asia Lilly Chan Phillips has named Lilly Chan, Christie’s global managing director for Asian art, as its new managing director of Asia. Chan will take up the post in May and will be based in the company’s Hong Kong office. Chan will be responsible for implementing and managing all strategic, procedural, and operational aspects of the company in Asia with a focus on realizing Phillips’s vision for building the brand. Prior to joining Christie’s, Chan worked at JP Morgan Treasury Services, where she was the head of new product marketing for the Asia-Pacific market. “The importance of Asia to our overall international growth strategy cannot be overstated,” said Phillips CEO Edward Dolman. “The collecting of contemporary art, design objects, photographs, and jewelry in Asia has been growing at an exponential rate and we are seeing more Asian collectors at our New York and London auctions. A foremost priority for us has been to strengthen our presence in Asia and build relationships with collectors across the region—and a critical component in this ambitious plan is the appointment of an experienced managing director such as Lilly. I look forward to working with her and our entire Asian team to build our reputation as the most innovative auction house in the region.” ► MORE Along with growing the Hong Kong office, Phillips has made a series of recent appointments to boost its presence in Asia. In the past year, the company named Jane Yoon as the regional representative in Korea, Cindy Yen in Taiwan, and Kyoko Hattori in Japan. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Pedro Lasch to Join Usdan Summer Camp as First-Ever Artist in Residence Pedro Lasch Usdan Summer Camp for the arts—an arts education initiative founded in 1968 that today serves more than 1,500 students each year—has announced that artist Pedro Lasch has been chosen as its inaugural artist in residence. Located in Wheatley Heights on Long Island, New York, the nonprofit program welcomes students from ages four to eighteen. Beginning this summer, Lasch will launch a three-year art project in collaboration with Usdan’s students, faculty, and staff. “Dreaming in the Woods” will draw from the people, grounds, and resources at Usdan for inspiration in the creation of new works and will give students first-hand experience in making art. “Often, collaborations with children are dismissed as not being ‘professional’ or ‘real art,’” Lasch said. “I’m excited to be doing this work at Usdan—a camp known for putting the student at the center and fostering creativity on all levels—as a way to challenge these typical perspectives and push towards a collaborative and innovative contemporary art engagement.” ► MORE Executive director Lauren Brandt Schloss said, “As discussions about launching the artist-in-residence program at Usdan took hold, Pedro was always top of mind. The goal of these artists in residence initiatives is to bring into all disciplines of contemporary art the ideas, concerns, and voices of youth.” Born and raised in Mexico City, Lasch studied art at Cooper Union before earning his master’s degree from Goldsmiths College in London. From 1999 to 2005, he served as the founding director of the experimental program Art, Story-Telling, and the Five Senses in Jackson Heights, Queens, and joined Duke University as a professor in 2002. Lasch co-authored two books: Black Mirror/Espejo Negro, 2012, and Grand Gestures and (Im)modest Proposals, 2012. His work has been featured in exhibitions at PS1 MoMA, the Queens Museum, The Phillips Collection, the Fifty-Sixth Venice Biennale, the Eleventh Havana Biennale, and Documenta 13. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture Steve Tobin, Trinity Root, 2005. Pennsylvania-based sculptor Steve Tobin is suing Lower Manhattan’s Trinity Church for relocating an eighteen-foot-tall bronze memorial dedicated to the victims of the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Modeled after a massive Sycamore tree that grew in the churchyard until it was destroyed by debris from the Twin Towers, Trinity Root cost the artist more than $300,000 to make. Last year, Tobin was shocked when he found out that the church had moved the sculpture to a site in Connecticut without telling him. He also claims that the work was damaged during transport. Tobin’s lawyer Steven S. Honigman filed a lawsuit in a Manhattan Federal District Court on Wednesday after attempts to work out the issue with the church were unsuccessful. “This is about the solemn promise the church gave to Steve Tobin when he offered to create that sculpture,” Honigman said. “He offered to create it if the church would give it a permanent place in the courtyard. The church agreed.” ► MORE According to the complaint, Reverend William Lupfer, the eighteenth rector of Trinity, wanted to send the work away so that “hordes of strangers” would stop crowding the church’s courtyard. Even though Tobin no longer owns the piece, Honigman said the church is in violation of a law that “prohibits the removal of [permanent, site-specific] sculptures.” In response, the church said: “While we have no comment on this litigation, Trinity is pleased to have the sculpture at Trinity’s retreat center, where it will be among a collection of planned sites that will encourage prayerful reflection, remembrance, and spiritual transformation.” LESS Permalink Comments diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 All rights reserved. artforum.com is a registered trademark of Artforum International Magazine, New York, NY
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metlife Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Parametrica Management Ltd Acquires 396 Shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Private Bank & Trust Co. Sells 111 Shares of Novartis AG (NVS) 8,249 Shares in BankUnited (BKU) Acquired by Parametrica Management Ltd Private Bank & Trust Co. Purchases 4,295 Shares of TJX Companies Inc (TJX) 28,912 Shares in Metlife Inc (MET) Acquired by Prospera Financial Services Inc Alpha Windward LLC Invests $420,000 in RPC, Inc. (RES) Alpha Windward LLC Purchases Shares of 11,160 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Position Lowered by Alpha Windward LLC CA, Inc. (CA) Stake Raised by Alpha Windward LLC bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Insider Sells $109,225.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Saga Communications, Inc. (SGA) Major Shareholder Sells $125,191.30 in Stock Insider Buying: Opko Health Inc. (OPK) CEO Purchases $134,820.00 in Stock Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Sensata Technologies Holding (ST) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts SunTrust Banks, Inc. Initiates Coverage on Goodrich Petroleum Com (GDPP) Private Trust Co. NA Decreases Stake in Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Novartis AG (NVS) is Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc.’s Largest Position Inverness Counsel LLC NY Acquires Shares of 4,870 Danaher Co. (DHR) Private Trust Co. NA Has $392,000 Stake in Monsanto Company (MON) 28,912 Shares in Metlife Inc (MET) Acquired by Prospera Financial Services Inc April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Prospera Financial Services Inc bought a new stake in Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm bought 28,912 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,525,000. Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Metlife by 9.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 48,340,061 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,605,045,000 after buying an additional 4,003,013 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in shares of Metlife during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,212,814,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in shares of Metlife by 2.1% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 29,549,210 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,312,871,000 after buying an additional 604,319 shares during the period. Franklin Resources Inc. increased its stake in shares of Metlife by 6.3% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 25,129,330 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,354,219,000 after buying an additional 1,485,749 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Metlife by 6.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 8,551,565 shares of the company’s stock valued at $379,945,000 after buying an additional 489,356 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.92% of the company’s stock. Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) opened at 51.37 on Monday. Metlife Inc has a 1-year low of $36.17 and a 1-year high of $58.09. The company has a 50 day moving average of $52.92 and a 200 day moving average of $52.15. Metlife (NYSE:MET) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.34 by $0.06. Metlife had a return on equity of 7.17% and a net margin of 1.30%. The company had revenue of $12.08 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $17.34 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.23 earnings per share. Metlife’s revenue was down 29.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Metlife Inc will post $5.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/28912-shares-in-metlife-inc-met-acquired-by-prospera-financial-services-inc.html. Several analysts have commented on MET shares. Wells Fargo & Co restated a “buy” rating on shares of Metlife in a report on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price target on shares of Metlife from $57.00 to $54.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 price target on shares of Metlife in a research note on Sunday, February 5th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “focus list” rating on shares of Metlife in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, TheStreet cut shares of Metlife from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $55.57. In related news, Director James M. Kilts purchased 17,205 shares of Metlife stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $51.13 per share, for a total transaction of $879,691.65. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 59,443 shares in the company, valued at $3,039,320.59. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director James M. Kilts purchased 2,795 shares of Metlife stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were bought at an average price of $54.17 per share, for a total transaction of $151,405.15. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 41,951 shares in the company, valued at $2,272,485.67. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.27% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Metlife MetLife, Inc is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); MetLife Holdings; Brighthouse Financial, and Corporate & Other. Its U.S. segment is organized into Group Benefits, Retirement and Income Solutions and Property & Casualty businesses. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MET? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET). Receive News & Ratings for Metlife Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
login register advertise back issues contact us subscribe   artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance news recent Archive 04.13.17 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture 04.13.17 Knight Foundation Awards $250,000 to New Museum’s NEW INC 04.13.17 Sculptor of Wall Street’s Charging Bull Calls for Removal of Fearless Girl 04.13.17 Carolee Schneemann Awarded Venice Biennale Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement 04.13.17 Pierre Huber to Close Art & Public Gallery in Geneva 04.13.17 Hauser & Wirth Names Randy Kennedy as Director of Special Projects 04.13.17 Dispute Threatens Plans to Establish Hilma af Klint Museum 04.13.17 Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture Acquires James Baldwin Archive recent Archive week of 02.20.17 week of 02.13.17 week of 02.06.17 week of 01.30.17 week of 01.23.17 week of 01.16.17 week of 01.09.17 week of 01.02.17 week of 12.26.16 week of 12.19.16 week of 12.12.16 week of 12.05.16 week of 11.28.16 week of 11.21.16 week of 11.14.16 week of 11.07.16 week of 10.31.16 week of 10.24.16 week of 10.17.16 week of 10.10.16 Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Alexandra Pechman at the 13th SP-Arte in São Paulo Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the opening of Documenta 14 in Athens Andrew Hultkrans on fake news Pia Capelli at the 22nd edition of MiArt Michael Wilson at the 7th annual Brooklyn Artists Ball Kaelen Wilson-Goldie at the 6th Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival in Cairo Diary Picks Film Newest Reviews “Lives Between” Cassils “Signifying Form” John McAllister Maeve Brennan Stephen Irwin Rene Ricard Trish Tillman Sebastião Salgado Erwin Wurm “Échame Aguas” Vincenzo Agnetti Tommy Hartung Christopher Williams Zhang Enli Diary Picks Film Newest Entries Amy Taubin on Katell Quillévéré’s Heal the Living Nick Pinkerton on Anocha Suwichakornpong’s By the Time It Gets Dark Paige K. Bradley on Makoto Shinkai’s Your Name Nick Pinkerton on “Ecstasy and Irony: Czech Cinema, 1927–1943” Nick Pinkerton on All These Sleepless Nights Amy Taubin on Tony Conrad: Completely in the Present POSTED April 17, 2017 James Jensen (1950–2017) James Jensen The curator of contemporary art at the Honolulu Museum of Art, James Jensen, died last week, according to a report by Nina Wu in the Honolulu Star Advertiser. After earning a bachelor’s in art history and a master’s in arts administration at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, Jay moved to Hawaii in 1976 to work as the administrative assistant to then director of the Honolulu Academy of Arts, Jim Foster. From there he became the museum’s publications editor, then assistant curator, and eventually curator of Western art. In 1991, he became associate director and chief curator at the newly established Contemporary Museum, Honolulu. When the two museums merged as the Honolulu Museum of Art in 2011, Jensen was named curator of contemporary art. His work included curating exhibitions such as “Serious Fun: Thurston Twigg-Smith and Contemporary Art,” “Courage and Strength: Portraits of Those Who Have Served,” and “Decisive Moments: Photographs from the Collection of Cherye R. and James F. Pierce.” He also worked with many local artists, including Diane KW Chen, Wendy Kawabata, John Koga, Kapulani Landgraf, Deborah G. Nehmad, Maya Lea Portner, and Paul Pfeiffer. Permalink Comments LATEST NEWS April 17, 2017 Ullens Center for Contemporary Art’s CEO May Xue Resigns May Xue The chief executive officer of the Ullens Center for Contemporary Art in Beijing, China, has resigned. May Xue will officially step down from her role, which she started in May 2011, on April 20. Almost a year ago, founders Guy and Myriam Ullens announced a search for new owners for the center, which may have been a factor contributing to Xue’s departure. Prior to joining UCCA, Xue worked as a director at various multinational corporations, and has fifteen years of experience in sales, marketing, and general management. Her past projects include planning and coordinating the first Chinese Contemporary Art Awards (CCAA) exhibition in 2008; managing the VIP reception for the Organizing Committee of the 2008 Olympic Games; and planning the celebration ceremony for the first US flight undertaken by Hainan Airlines, in which she managed the reception for all Chinese and US officials as well as press relations. She has previously worked at the City Club in Los Angeles (CAA), the Capital Club Beijing, and Cartier. May Xue first joined UCCA in 2009 as director of UCCASTORE, a concept store celebrating China’s design talent. She oversaw the development of activities supporting UCCA’s many not-for-profit activities, including exhibitions and public programs. In 2015, she also completed the Getty Leadership Institute program. She may be heading to a position at Adrian Cheng’s K11 Art Foundation next. Permalink Comments April 17, 2017 Rochester Art Center Faces Uncertain Future Rochester Art Center Matt McKinney reports in the Minnesota StarTribune that the Rochester Art Center in Rochester, Minnesota, is facing financial turmoil and high employee turnover. Thirteen years ago, the center relocated to a new $8 million building overlooking the South Fork Zumbro River, though recent documents reveal that the institution’s once bright future is in question. The institution’s most recent tax return, filed seven months late, showed an operating deficit of $279,000 for 2015. Since then, ten of the center’s eleven full-time employees quit or were fired, supposedly resulting from a “toxic work environment” that former employees say was created by director Megan Johnston. Johnston resigned last January, just days before the center filed its overdue 2015 audit. She said in a recent interview that she was unaware of the size of the center’s debt when she took over, calling the pressure of the finances there “overwhelming.” She was hired in October 2015 and from the start, she said, she was facing a debt, adding that “there was a dozen or more initiatives in 2016” that tried to turn the situation around. The center typically runs a deficit, but in 2015 it was larger than the average deficit reported since 2009, the earliest year that tax returns were available. The institution’s board and management have yet to provide details beyond the tax return, including how it spent some $570,000 in public support in 2014 and 2015. City funding accounts for roughly a third of the center’s annual revenue. Interim director Lee Koch said that a decision about the center’s future will not be made until a full review of its finances is complete. Koch further noted that those details should be released at the center’s annual meeting in May. Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Gillian Wearing Becomes First Woman to Create Work for UK’s Parliament Square Gillian Wearing Photo: Linda Nylind for The Guardian The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has announced that Turner-Prize-winning artist Gillian Wearing will be the first woman commissioned to make an artwork for the UK’s Parliament Square, Mark Brown of The Guardian reports. The “milestone project” was endorsed by Prime Minister Theresa May earlier this month. Wearing will create a statue of suffragette Millicent Fawcett, who led the biggest suffrage organization, the NUWSS, from 1890 to 1919, and played a key role in gaining women the vote. The work will be installed alongside nine statues of men—Sir Robert Peel, Benjamin Disraeli, the Earl of Derby, Lord Palmerston, Field Marshal Jan Smuts, Winston Churchill, David Lloyd George, Nelson Mandela, and Mahatma Gandhi. The statue will be installed in 2018 during the upcoming centenary celebrations of women winning the right to vote in the UK. Activist Caroline Criado-Perez launched a campaign to break up the male-dominated square in 2016. She started a petition that was signed by 85,000 people. “Women make up more than half the population—but from looking at our public spaces, you would never know that,” Criado-Perez said. “Just 2.7 percent of British statues are of named women, and even these are mostly royals.” ► MORE In the September 2011 issue of Artforum, Emily Hall reviewed Wearing’s show at Tanya Bonakdar Gallery in New York. She wrote: “Long before Facebook, Gillian Wearing was pulling apart the conflicted, mediated relationship between our real selves and those we present to the world. Whether photographing strangers on the street holding signs that state what they’re thinking, or documenting herself dancing wildly in a public place, or filming adults as they lip-synch to recordings of children speaking, she mixes and matches the elements of identity—those elements that we assume compose our selves, our most private selves—and makes them public in ways that confound personhood rather than cement it.” LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Lorraine Pearce (1934–2017) Lorraine Pearce, White House curator, with a visitor in the China room. Photo: John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Lorraine Pearce, a decorative arts scholar who became the first curator for the White House, died in Charlottesville, Virginia, on March 14 at the age of eighty-two, Richard Sandomir of the New York Times reports. Former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy asked Pearce to help her restore the White House’s historic rooms, which were given a modern look during a restoration under president Harry Truman. Pearce created the curator position and then began working to revert the rooms to the style they were decorated in after the 1817 reconstruction. Born in the Bronx on April 14, 1934, Pearce studied at the City College of New York before traveling to Strasbourg, France, on a Fulbright Scholarship. She earned her master’s degree in early American culture from the Winterthur Program at the University of Delaware. Founder of the Winterthur Museum Henry Francis du Pont recommended Pearce to the Kennedys while serving as chairman of the White House Fine Arts Committee. ► MORE During her tenure at the presidential mansion, Pearce cataloged the White House’s historic objects including, furniture, paintings, statues, and antiques, sorted through storage, and conducted extensive research on items that were for sale and donated. Among Pearce’s discoveries were a mirror that belonged to George Washington and a chair that once sat in Abraham Lincoln’s bedroom. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 William Kentridge Establishes Johannesburg Art Center William Kentridge at his independent art center in Johannesburg. Photo: Stella Olivier After the closure of South Africa’s Johannesburg Art Gallery sparked concerns over dwindling funds for public art institutions, South African artist William Kentridge decided to open an independent art center, Cristina Ruiz of the Art Newspaper reports. Located in the Arts on Main complex in Central Johannesburg, which also houses Kentridge’s studio and other cultural organizations, the center opened in March with a series of performances, film screenings, and exhibitions. “Ideally, we would have double the space and double the money, but I think the small scale is also good,” Kentridge said. “As soon as it gets larger it gets lost in questions of committees and trustees, and suddenly everyone is having to write big proposals to justify their work before it is made rather than allowing the work to come from the very uncertainty around it.” Kentridge is critical of NGOs, non-governmental organizations, which support art projects because in order to receive funding artists must adhere to their funding guidelines, which can restrict their vision for a work. He believes artists should be able to experiment and make work that isn’t successful without fearing repercussions, which is why the artist calls the venue a center for the “less good idea.” He wants it to be a “safe space for uncertainty, doubt, stupidity and, at times, failure.” ► MORE The center will organize two seasons of programming each year. Kentridge has committed to funding the space for the next three years, but did not confirm how much he invested in the project. According to reports in South African media outlets, the center has an annual budget of $229,000. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Phillips Appoints Lilly Chan Managing Director of Asia Lilly Chan Phillips has named Lilly Chan, Christie’s global managing director for Asian art, as its new managing director of Asia. Chan will take up the post in May and will be based in the company’s Hong Kong office. Chan will be responsible for implementing and managing all strategic, procedural, and operational aspects of the company in Asia with a focus on realizing Phillips’s vision for building the brand. Prior to joining Christie’s, Chan worked at JP Morgan Treasury Services, where she was the head of new product marketing for the Asia-Pacific market. “The importance of Asia to our overall international growth strategy cannot be overstated,” said Phillips CEO Edward Dolman. “The collecting of contemporary art, design objects, photographs, and jewelry in Asia has been growing at an exponential rate and we are seeing more Asian collectors at our New York and London auctions. A foremost priority for us has been to strengthen our presence in Asia and build relationships with collectors across the region—and a critical component in this ambitious plan is the appointment of an experienced managing director such as Lilly. I look forward to working with her and our entire Asian team to build our reputation as the most innovative auction house in the region.” ► MORE Along with growing the Hong Kong office, Phillips has made a series of recent appointments to boost its presence in Asia. In the past year, the company named Jane Yoon as the regional representative in Korea, Cindy Yen in Taiwan, and Kyoko Hattori in Japan. LESS Permalink Comments April 14, 2017 Pedro Lasch to Join Usdan Summer Camp as First-Ever Artist in Residence Pedro Lasch Usdan Summer Camp for the arts—an arts education initiative founded in 1968 that today serves more than 1,500 students each year—has announced that artist Pedro Lasch has been chosen as its inaugural artist in residence. Located in Wheatley Heights on Long Island, New York, the nonprofit program welcomes students from ages four to eighteen. Beginning this summer, Lasch will launch a three-year art project in collaboration with Usdan’s students, faculty, and staff. “Dreaming in the Woods” will draw from the people, grounds, and resources at Usdan for inspiration in the creation of new works and will give students first-hand experience in making art. “Often, collaborations with children are dismissed as not being ‘professional’ or ‘real art,’” Lasch said. “I’m excited to be doing this work at Usdan—a camp known for putting the student at the center and fostering creativity on all levels—as a way to challenge these typical perspectives and push towards a collaborative and innovative contemporary art engagement.” ► MORE Executive director Lauren Brandt Schloss said, “As discussions about launching the artist-in-residence program at Usdan took hold, Pedro was always top of mind. The goal of these artists in residence initiatives is to bring into all disciplines of contemporary art the ideas, concerns, and voices of youth.” Born and raised in Mexico City, Lasch studied art at Cooper Union before earning his master’s degree from Goldsmiths College in London. From 1999 to 2005, he served as the founding director of the experimental program Art, Story-Telling, and the Five Senses in Jackson Heights, Queens, and joined Duke University as a professor in 2002. Lasch co-authored two books: Black Mirror/Espejo Negro, 2012, and Grand Gestures and (Im)modest Proposals, 2012. His work has been featured in exhibitions at PS1 MoMA, the Queens Museum, The Phillips Collection, the Fifty-Sixth Venice Biennale, the Eleventh Havana Biennale, and Documenta 13. LESS Permalink Comments April 13, 2017 Sculptor Sues Trinity Church for Moving His 9/11 Memorial Sculpture Steve Tobin, Trinity Root, 2005. Pennsylvania-based sculptor Steve Tobin is suing Lower Manhattan’s Trinity Church for relocating an eighteen-foot-tall bronze memorial dedicated to the victims of the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001, James Barron of the New York Times reports. Modeled after a massive Sycamore tree that grew in the churchyard until it was destroyed by debris from the Twin Towers, Trinity Root cost the artist more than $300,000 to make. Last year, Tobin was shocked when he found out that the church had moved the sculpture to a site in Connecticut without telling him. He also claims that the work was damaged during transport. Tobin’s lawyer Steven S. Honigman filed a lawsuit in a Manhattan Federal District Court on Wednesday after attempts to work out the issue with the church were unsuccessful. “This is about the solemn promise the church gave to Steve Tobin when he offered to create that sculpture,” Honigman said. “He offered to create it if the church would give it a permanent place in the courtyard. The church agreed.” ► MORE According to the complaint, Reverend William Lupfer, the eighteenth rector of Trinity, wanted to send the work away so that “hordes of strangers” would stop crowding the church’s courtyard. Even though Tobin no longer owns the piece, Honigman said the church is in violation of a law that “prohibits the removal of [permanent, site-specific] sculptures.” In response, the church said: “While we have no comment on this litigation, Trinity is pleased to have the sculpture at Trinity’s retreat center, where it will be among a collection of planned sites that will encourage prayerful reflection, remembrance, and spiritual transformation.” LESS Permalink Comments diary picks must see critics' picks news video film passages slant Architecture Slant Performance artguide In Print Current Issue archives 500 words previews bookforum A & E 中文版 All rights reserved. artforum.com is a registered trademark of Artforum International Magazine, New York, NY
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Church & Dwight Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Shares Sold by Private Trust Co. NA Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Shares Sold by Private Trust Co. NA Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) Stake Held by Private Trust Co. NA Uni-Pixel (UNXL) Receiving Critical Media Coverage, Analysis Shows U.S. Energy Corp. (USEG) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact VF Corp (VFC) Stock Price Veritex Holdings (VBTX) Earning Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Report Finds CoStar Group Inc (CSGP) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Upgraded to “Neutral” at Hilliard Lyons Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Raised to “Neutral” at Credit Suisse Group AG Dominos Pizza UK & IRL Plc (DPUKY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Argus Boosts eBay Inc (EBAY) Price Target to $39.00 Janney Montgomery Scott Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Depomed Inc (DEPO) Ferroglobe PLC (GSM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Noodles & Co (NDLS) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest Analysts Expect Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) to Announce $3.33 EPS Atlassian Co. PLC (TEAM) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $3.586 Million Position in Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) 8,305 Shares in E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Acquired by TNB Financial Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Shares Sold by Private Trust Co. NA April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Private Trust Co. NA lowered its position in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) by 32.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 8,939 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,328 shares during the period. Private Trust Co. NA’s holdings in Church & Dwight Co. were worth $445,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in CHD. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Church & Dwight Co. by 100.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 7,794,263 shares of the company’s stock worth $373,501,000 after buying an additional 3,906,157 shares during the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its position in Church & Dwight Co. by 89.3% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 7,950,594 shares of the company’s stock worth $380,993,000 after buying an additional 3,749,858 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Church & Dwight Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $95,111,000. Northern Trust Corp increased its position in Church & Dwight Co. by 102.0% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 3,392,908 shares of the company’s stock worth $162,589,000 after buying an additional 1,713,210 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in Church & Dwight Co. by 95.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,173,715 shares of the company’s stock worth $152,085,000 after buying an additional 1,553,303 shares during the last quarter. 78.56% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) opened at 49.80 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $49.92 and its 200-day moving average is $46.92. Church & Dwight Co., Inc. has a 12 month low of $42.56 and a 12 month high of $53.68. Church & Dwight Co. (NYSE:CHD) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.44 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.02. Church & Dwight Co. had a net margin of 13.14% and a return on equity of 23.11%. The firm had revenue of $896 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $889.23 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.82 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Church & Dwight Co., Inc. will post $1.90 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/church-dwight-co-inc-chd-shares-sold-by-private-trust-co-na.html. CHD has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Church & Dwight Co. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $53.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Church & Dwight Co. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Vetr downgraded shares of Church & Dwight Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $46.83 price objective for the company. in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded shares of Church & Dwight Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $48.00 to $46.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on shares of Church & Dwight Co. in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. Church & Dwight Co. presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $49.18. In other Church & Dwight Co. news, Director Bradley C. Irwin sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $49.65, for a total value of $993,000.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 61,570 shares in the company, valued at $3,056,950.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Paul A. Siracusa sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.02, for a total transaction of $1,250,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 26,279 shares in the company, valued at $1,314,475.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 62,400 shares of company stock worth $3,110,542. Corporate insiders own 2.17% of the company’s stock. Church & Dwight Co. Company Profile Church & Dwight Co, Inc develops, manufactures and markets a range of household, personal care and specialty products. The Company’s segments include Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and Specialty Products Division (SPD). The Company also sells specialty products to industrial customers and distributors. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CHD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD). Receive News & Ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortive Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fortive Corp (FTV) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.07 Western Gas Equity Partners LP (WGP) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.49 Cogeco Communications Inc (CCA) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.43 on May 4th Preferred Bank (PFBC) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Haemonetics Co. (HAE) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Plexus Corp. (PLXS) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Gain Capital Holdings’ (GCAP) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC First Republic Bank (FRC) Price Target Cut to $100.00 Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for SPX Flow Inc (FLOW) SPX Flow Inc (FLOW) Earns “Sell” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) PT Raised to $47.00 at Royal Bank of Canada ING Groep NV (ING) Shares Bought by Raymond James Trust N.A. Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Shares Sold by Raymond James Trust N.A. Raymond James Trust N.A. Boosts Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Raymond James Trust N.A. Has $318,000 Position in AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Creative Planning Invests $1.235 Million in Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Wayfair (W) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Verizon Communications (VZ) Share Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Effect Vanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Stock Price Fortive Corp (FTV) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.07 April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) declared a quarterly dividend on Friday, April 14th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 26th will be paid a dividend of 0.07 per share on Friday, June 30th. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.46%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 24th. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) opened at 60.33 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $20.87 billion and a P/E ratio of 24.04. Fortive Corp has a one year low of $43.00 and a one year high of $61.11. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $59.16 and a 200 day moving average price of $54.90. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.68 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.63 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.61 billion. The company’s revenue was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Fortive Corp will post $2.69 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Fortive Corp (FTV) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.07” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/fortive-corp-ftv-to-issue-quarterly-dividend-of-0-07.html. FTV has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Fortive Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded shares of Fortive Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $54.00 to $60.00 in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $65.00 price objective on shares of Fortive Corp in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Fortive Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $56.00 to $66.00 in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. initiated coverage on shares of Fortive Corp in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $57.93. About Fortive Corp Fortive Corporation is a diversified industrial growth company. The Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets professional and engineered products, software and services for a range of end markets. The Company operates through two segments: Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Fortive Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ply Gem Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Graco Inc. (GGG) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Upgrades RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) to Buy SL Green Realty Corp (SLG) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Heico Corp (HEI) Coverage Initiated at Stephens Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC Initiates Coverage on Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Huntsman Co. (HUN) Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Stake Maintained by Searle & CO. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Raises Stake in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Stake Cut by Teachers Advisors LLC Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. Has $122,000 Position in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Kentucky Retirement Systems Invests $16.205 Million in Bank of America Corp (BAC) First American Financial Corp (FAF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Hold Rating for Entergy Co. (ETR) Cowen and Company Reaffirms Buy Rating for Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG Boosts Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Price Target to $74.00 Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank of Canada April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada reiterated their buy rating on shares of Ply Gem Holdings Inc (NYSE:PGEM) in a report released on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a $22.00 target price on the stock. PGEM has been the topic of several other reports. TheStreet upgraded Ply Gem Holdings from a c+ rating to a b- rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Ply Gem Holdings from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Zelman & Associates upgraded Ply Gem Holdings from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Stephens downgraded Ply Gem Holdings from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities began coverage on Ply Gem Holdings in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. They issued a neutral rating on the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Ply Gem Holdings currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $18.30. Ply Gem Holdings (NYSE:PGEM) opened at 18.10 on Tuesday. Ply Gem Holdings has a 1-year low of $12.85 and a 1-year high of $20.00. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.24 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.45 and a beta of 2.56. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $18.55 and a 200 day moving average price of $16.26. Ply Gem Holdings (NYSE:PGEM) last announced its earnings results on Friday, March 10th. The company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.01. Ply Gem Holdings had a net margin of 4.14% and a negative return on equity of 147.73%. The company earned $462.30 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $441.81 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.14 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Ply Gem Holdings will post $1.25 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Ply Gem Holdings Inc (PGEM) Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank of Canada” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/17/ply-gem-holdings-inc-pgem-given-buy-rating-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of PGEM. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY increased its stake in Ply Gem Holdings by 34.4% in the third quarter. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY now owns 1,135,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,170,000 after buying an additional 290,700 shares during the period. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in Ply Gem Holdings by 3.4% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 123,407 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,649,000 after buying an additional 4,114 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Ply Gem Holdings by 4.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,588 shares of the company’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 393 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Ply Gem Holdings by 6.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 196,425 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,624,000 after buying an additional 12,574 shares during the period. Finally, Zebra Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Ply Gem Holdings by 76.7% in the fourth quarter. Zebra Capital Management LLC now owns 70,927 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,153,000 after buying an additional 30,781 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.65% of the company’s stock. About Ply Gem Holdings Ply Gem Holdings, Inc is a manufacturer of exterior building products in North America. The Company operates through two segments: Siding, Fencing, and Stone, and Windows and Doors. In the Siding, Fencing, and Stone segment, its principal products include vinyl siding and skirting, vinyl and aluminum soffit, aluminum trim coil, cellular PVC trim and moldings, J-channels, wide crown molding, window and door trim, F-channels, H-molds, fascia, undersill trims, outside/inside corner posts, rain removal systems, injection molded designer accents, such as shakes, shingles, scallops, shutters, vents and mounts, vinyl fence, vinyl railing and stone veneer in the United States and Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ply Gem Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow P&I on Risk retention rules open opportunities for some credit managers Some credit managers see investment opportunities in helping managers of collateralized loan obligations cope with the new risk retention requirements. To view this content, please login or register now. Register for FREE Get access to the latest news on pionline.com Register today and you also get a free two week trial to P&I Daily, our online subscription with full access to all current and archived stories plus the latest industry searches, hires, and RFPs. Register Now Please Log In E-mail  Password  Forgot your password? Remember Me Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us  
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago Array 0 World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago Array 0 Marketing Technology May Never Consolidate (But That's a Good Thing) By Scott Brinker - 3 hours ago Array 0 Mr. Rogers Doesn't Live Here: Trulia Portrays Neighborhood With No Beautiful Days By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 3 hours ago Array 0 Listen to the New 'Tagline' Podcast With Melissa Etheridge 3 hours ago Array 0 World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago 0 Introducing Ad Age's 25 Marketing Technology Trailblazers 2017 3 hours ago 0 Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 Listen to the New 'Tagline' Podcast With Melissa Etheridge 3 hours ago 0 Marketing Technology May Never Consolidate (But That's a Good Thing) By Scott Brinker - 3 hours ago 0 Introducing Ad Age's 25 Marketing Technology Trailblazers 2017 - 3 hours ago 0 World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago 0 Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago 0 Meet Ad Age's 2017 Class of Women to Watch Europe - 3 hours ago 0 Mr. Rogers Doesn't Live Here: Trulia Portrays Neighborhood With No Beautiful Days By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 3 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US World Wide Whitelist: Will Brand Safety Strip the Web of Its Color? By Garett Sloane. Published on April 17, 2017. Credit: Illustration by Raul Arias for Advertising Age Most Popular Now that marketers have been reminded of the internet's dark side, whitelists are top of mind. Last year, many digital ad players felt like they'd gotten a handle on fraud and celebrated passing TV in U.S. ad revenue for the first time. Then the perils of programmatic advertising roared back in the form of fake news sites and offensive YouTube videos, all underwritten by unwitting major marketers. Brands like Procter & Gamble and Chase are now scouring the web to reassert control, assembling lists of preapproved publishers worthy of their budgets. Major ad buyers such as GroupM and Omnicom Media Group are working on similar solutions to offer clients. The ad-supported world wide web is abruptly in danger of shrinking from a sprawling, inventive and untamed territory to a set of safe spaces for advertisers, possibly changing the character of the internet in the process. "There is not a million sites that make sense for all advertisers," said Marc Goldberg, CEO of Trust Metrics, a tech firm that grades online content for quality. "The number of marketable domains is much smaller." Whitelists of preapproved publishers give brands the control they are demanding, but they also undermine the prime benefits of digital advertising: the seemingly infinite inventory and ways to target consumers. "If you're using programmatic to generate efficient reach and scale with ad targeting, whitelists can hamper the ability to do that broadly," said Joe Barone, GroupM's managing partner of digital ad operations. Related Stories New YouTube Rules Restrict Ads to Vetted Channels as PewDiePie Declares The 'Adpocalypse' Omnicom Will Sort Through YouTube Videos to Make Sure They're Appropriate for Brands Meet the Man Behind YouTube's Sudden Ad Crisis. He Has a Patented Fix Premium inventory could also fall prey to selling and reselling by powerful brokers, like tickets to the only concert in town. "If fewer sites are 'eligible' for ads, then this becomes much more of an investment play," said Jared Belsky, president of 360i, an agency known for its digital prowess. "The big guys gobble up inventory and arbitrage it all over the place, re­creating the ad networks of the past, which we are running from." Smaller content creators, not necessarily offensive but not preapproved either, could also be stuck in an underfunded zone, cut off from automated ad flows. "The only risk I care about is making sure the individual creators and smaller sites still have an equal opportunity," said Jason Kint, CEO of publisher trade group Digital Content Next. "If a new property launches and does everything right, it could still have trouble getting on that whitelist." Still, the new regard for quality holds promise for trusted publishers, according to Kint. "It separates the wheat from the chaff," he said. "Premium inventory becomes more scarce and more properly valued, and junk becomes junk." Digital media's ad crisis kicked off in January, when Procter & Gamble, the world's top advertiser, threatened to stop paying publishers, agencies and ad tech sellers that don't meet its standards on issues like ad viewability. "The days of giving digital a pass are over," P&G Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard proclaimed. "It's time to grow up. It's time for action." Action came in March, as marketers from General Motors to Walmart paused their advertising with YouTube after press reports showed their ads supporting violent and offensive videos, placed there by automated systems that couldn't account for content. That ultimately prompted YouTube to restrict its ad program to channels with at least 10,000 lifetime views and an approved application. Finally, JPMorgan Chase cut its digital advertising to 5,000 freshly preapproved sites from 400,000 bought by machines—without paying more or hurting performance. Its move was motivated by a New York Times reporter who pointed out that a Chase ad ran on the site Hillary 4 Prison, beneath a headline claiming that Elijah Wood had spilled "the horrifying truth about the Satanic liberal perverts who run Hollywood." It seems that the entire ad industry is demanding accountability. The ground was prepared by the outcry over the "fake news" phenomenon that many people said impacted the presidential election. The industry had been looking for fraud and bots, but didn't consider the real traffic going to websites publishing made-up headlines. "Fake news, terrorism, advertising fraud—it's all related," said one digital media executive, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss the ad industry's deepest problems. GroupM and Omnicom Media Group, as well as ad tech companies like Integral Ad Science, are trying to help brands understand how to whitelist without going too far. Integral Ad Science, for instance, said it can grade almost every page on the internet for brand risk, then let brands decide what risk levels they can support. They say extreme, iron-clad whitelists should apply only to brands with the lowest tolerance for risk. That sort of system can't guarantee that every brand will always show up only where it wants, so audits are conducted afterward. "The flight to quality doesn't mean only buying ads on 1,000 websites," said David Hahn, chief product officer at Integral Ad Science. "Brands need to embrace the technology and tools to understand the type of media they're buying and make effective decisions whether that media is appropriate for them or not." In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Digital Digital Video Media Programmatic Social TV Technology The CMO Guide Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Balance Sheet: The funded status of corporate pension funds 2017 Low discount rates take toll on largest corporate DB plans Trilbe Wynne | April 17, 2017 12:01 am | Updated 8:14 am CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart Top plans surpass their targets View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Top 10 DC record-keepers The 10 largest defined contribution record-keepers, based on total assets as of Sept. 30, 2016. View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO WorldPensionSummit: Managing geo-political risks View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, April 18, 2017 2:58 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money China’s economy accelerates as retail, investment pick up (VIDEO) Monday April 17, 2017 05:24 PM GMT+8 ICYMI I sack myself, says Zola after Birmingham’s poor run under his charge Cops investigating ‘suspicious substance’ in Singapore MRT The Edit: Christopher Doyle to give talk in KL Trump family kicks off White House Easter egg roll Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article BEIJING, April 17 — China’s economy accelerated for a second-straight quarter as investment picked up, retail sales rebounded and factory output strengthened amid  robust credit growth and further strength in property markets. Gross domestic product increased 6.9 per cent in the first quarter from a year earlier, compared with a 6.8 per cent median estimate in a Bloomberg survey. It was the first back-to-back acceleration in seven years. Other indicators released today by the National Bureau of Statistics showed: Fixed-asset investment excluding rural areas expanded 9.2 per cent for the first three months, accelerating from 8.1 per cent growth last year Retail sales increased 10.9 per cent from a year earlier in March, compared with a median estimate of 9.7 per cent in a Bloomberg survey Industrial output rose 7.6 per cent last month from a year earlier, compared with an estimated 6.3 per cent rise “For the first time in the recent years, China starts a year with a strong headline GDP,” said Raymond Yeung, chief greater China economist at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd in Hong Kong, who correctly forecast the growth pace. “Thanks to strong investment and property, the economy is performing well.” The expansion further cements a rebound as producer prices surge, industrial output picks up and soaring credit fuels investment. Policy makers have shifted to a more neutral monetary stance as they seek to ease financial risk and reduce excess industrial capacity. “The first quarter growth is mainly driven by reflation and very strong property sales and investment,” said Larry Hu, head of China economics at Macquarie Securities Ltd in Hong Kong. “This strong data would give more confidence to maintain a tightening stance.” The broadest measure of new credit rose more than estimated last month amid strong growth in shadow banking. Aggregate financing grew 2.12 trillion yuan (RM1.3 trillion). Tourists walk inside a shopping mall at Galaxy Macau resort in Macau, China May 27, 2015. — Reuters pic Nominal surge In current-price terms, the economy expanded 11.8 per cent from a year earlier, according to Bloomberg Intelligence estimates. “That’s making the problem of excess leverage look a little more manageable — at least as long as factory reflation stays strong,” BI economists Tom Orlik and Fielding Chen wrote in a report. The labor market has been holding up too: The surveyed jobless rate fell in March from February, while the level in big cities was below 5 per cent at end of last month, the NBS said. China added 3.34 million new jobs in the first quarter. Other data pointed to further rebalancing away from the old industrial growth drivers. Consumption contributed 77.2 per cent to growth in the first quarter, an NBS spokesman said at a briefing in Beijing. Last year, 64.6 per cent of growth came from consumption. “The rebound in retail sales growth was particularly important as it indicates that consumer spending remains strong,” said Rajiv Biswas, Asia-Pacific chief economist at IHS Markit in Singapore. “The upturn in Chinese growth is a very positive indicator for the Asia Pacific and world growth in 2017, as well as underpinning the near-term outlook for global commodities.” Brighter outlook Forecasters responded by raising full-year growth estimates. Zhu Haibin, an economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co in Hong Kong, boosted his to 6.7 per cent from 6.6 per cent, citing expectations for “solid growth momentum for the rest of the year.” Nomura Holdings Inc analysts Yang Zhao and Wendy Chen raised their projection to 6.7 per cent from 6.5 per cent. One measure of consumer earnings slowed. Growth of median per-capita disposable income decelerated to 6.7 per cent in the first quarter, down from 8.3 per cent last year and slower than GDP expansion for the first time since NBS began releasing the gauge in March 2014. Despite recent property tightening measures, investment momentum is likely to stay strong in coming months amid heavy infrastructure investment. The April 1 announcement of the new Xiongan economic zone portends massive construction spending and suggests authorities are likely to remain reliant on investment to help support longer-term growth. New area The Xiongan New Area will “hugely” promote economic development, an NBS spokesman said at a briefing in Beijing. Elsewhere in data released today: China, which produces half the world’s steel, churned out a record quantity in March as production of crude steel expanded 1.8 per cent from a year earlier Coal production rebounded in March after the government said it doesn’t intend to reintroduce widespread restrictions this year as long as prices remain acceptable to regulators Oil production stagnated in the first quarter, averaging 3.91 million barrels a day Investment in property development rose 9.1 per cent in the first three months from a year earlier, compared with 8.9 per cent in the first two months and 6.9 per cent in 2016. Yet developers may find 2017 more challenging, as about a dozen cities have imposed tighter restrictions on purchases to curb a frenzy of speculation. “Growth remained strong on the back of continued strength in housing activity, resilient infrastructure investment, and better external demand,” said Robin Xing, chief China economist at Morgan Stanley in Hong Kong. “The strong growth and better external demand has provided room for a faster pace of countercyclical monetary policy tightening.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Tech stocks in Malaysia hit 10-year high, buoyed by chip boom (VIDEO) US free trade deal with South Korea falling short, Pence warns Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Bursa Malaysia opens higher Short-term rates to remain stable on BNM intervention Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Village Grocer buys up Ben’s Independent Grocer United Airlines CEO won’t resign Bank Negara said to mull enforcing foreign insurer ownership cap Bursa Malaysia to consolidate next week Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: North Korea is ‘ready to react’ to war, says DPRK ambassador to UN Reuters Video: New nanofibre solution turns ordinary mesh screens into air pollution filters Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Asian stocks mixed as markets reopen amid geopolitical risk China March fiscal spending surges over 25pc on-year, revenue growth slows China’s US$1.4t debt wall seen forcing issuance rise China’s PBOC resumes reverse-repo cash injections after 13-day pause China banks urged to support Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei integration Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
بالعربية TENDERS   View Tender Submit Tender Tender RSS PROJECTS   Mega Projects  Full Listing EVENTS   All Events Events By Week Events By Month KNOWLEDGE CENTRE   Government Ministries Industry Software Online Training Trade Associations DIRECTORY   CONSTRUCTION WEEK DIRECTORY Company Search Products and Services Brand Search CONSTRUCTION DESIGN DIRECTORY Company Search Products and Services Brand Search MAGAZINES   Construction Week Construction Week Qatar Commercial Interior Design MEP ME Middle East Architect Facilities Management Middle East PMV Middle East Articles Companies Home / NEWS / Bahrain's Alba secures $700m finance for Line 6 Bahrain's Alba secures $700m finance for Line 6 by Neha Bhatia on Apr 17, 2017 Alba has secured $700m in commitments to finance its Line 6 Expansion project. RELATED ARTICLES: Outotec, Alba ink deal for an anode rodding shop | Bahrain: Alba records 4.7% sales growth in Q1 2017 | Bahrain: Alba secures $1.5bn loan for Line 6 Aluminium Bahrain (Alba) announced it has secured commitments worth $700m (BHD263.8m) from facilities supported by Export Credit Agency (ECA) to finance its Line 6 Expansion Project.  The facilities comprise a dual tranche of $310m (BHD116.8m) and $334.4m (€315m; BHD126.1m) SERV Guaranteed Export Credit, and $53.1m (€50m; BHD20m) Euler Herms Guaranteed Export Credit.  The SERV-backed facility will fund Alba’s Power Station 5 (PS5) under which, engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) contractor General Electric (GE) will provide three 9HA Gas Turbine units, three steam turbines, and three heat recovery steam generators (HRSGs). This facility spans a 15-year tenure, and the principal amount will be repaid over a 12-year period. Meanwhile, the Hermes-backed facility will finance the Power Distribution System (PDS), for which Siemens will construct and commission a high-voltage electrical network and provide gas insulated switchgear (GIS) of up to 220kV. This facility will have a 14-year tenure, and the principal amount will be repaid over 12-year period.  JPMorgan Chase Bank is acting as the ECA coordinator to assist Alba in arranging the facilities.  Remarking on the development, Alba's chairman of board of directors, Shaikh Daij bin Salman bin Daij Al Khalifa, said: "Securing the export credit financing for PS5 and PDS is a strong vote of confidence in Line 6 Expansion Project.  "We look forward to [working] with the Swiss and German governments, as well as with GE and Siemens, to progress with Line 6 as per schedule."  The Line 6 Expansion project, expected to start metal production in early 2019, will increase the line's annual production by 540,000 metric tonnes upon its full ramp-up. The project will raise Alba’s total production capacity to 1,500,000 metric tonnes per annum, BNA reported. Page: 1 LATEST MIDDLE EAST CONSTRUCTION / / / / / / / / / / PROJECTS / BUSINESS / NEWS / Bahrain's Alba secures $700m finance for Line 6 Advertisement HOME NEWS Business Projects Materials Design MEP PMV Facilities Management Human Resource ANALYSIS Business Projects Materials Design MEP PMV Facilities Management Human Resource INTERVIEWS Projects Materials Design MEP PMV Facilities Management Human Resource COMMENT Business Projects Materials Design MEP Pmv Facilities Management Human Resource IN PICTURES Events In The News Projects Reader's Pictures Site Visits VIDEOS SPECIAL REPORTS Sectors Projects Country Report Most Influential Suppliers Big 5 Saudi Build Saudi Pmv Show CW Awards Top 10... Health & Safety Building Burj Khalifa POWER 100 ADVERTISE CONTACT Newsletter Subscribe AM PM Arabic Best of the week KSA Qatar Overseas Middle East Architect Commercial Interior Design FM MEP PMV Articles Companies Visit other ITP Media Group sites arabianbusiness.com arabianoilandgas.com arabiansupplychain.com utilities-me.com digitalstudiome.com hoteliermiddleeast.com itp.net timeoutdubai.com Follow Us Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook All RSS Feeds Top RSS Feeds News Analysis Interviews Comment In Pictures Help And Support Magazines Contact Us Live Tenders 651 Closed Tenders 37207 Subscribe to our e-newsletters now ConstructionWeekOnline.com AM ConstructionWeekOnline.com PM ConstructionWeekOnline.com Qatar ConstructionWeekOnline.com Overseas Middle East Architect Commercial Interior Design Facilities Management Middle East Mechanical Electrical Plumbing ME Plant, Machinery, Vehicles Middle East Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Policy, Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Tuesday, April 18, 2017 JobsDatingBuy photosLocal BusinessesStar ShopClassifiedsBook An AdDigital Editions Home News Sport Entertainment What's On Business Education Farming Motors Property Family Announcements Notices Directory Business Shropshire Business Ladder for Shropshire Perks: Rewarding your loyal customers City News Money Careers Business Supplement The Farmer Advertise Local Businesses PUBLISHED: April 13, 2017 23:11 Energy stocks prompt Wall Street dip ahead of Easter weekend US stocks were lower for the third day in a row, ending a subdued week of trading. The New York Stock Exchange (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) Energy stocks led the broad decline, which gathered momentum in the final hour of trading ahead of the long Easter holiday weekend. The slide marked the lowest close for the stock market since February 13 and came on a day when several major banks reported their latest quarterly results, kicking off the company earnings season. Traders also weighed the potential for rising geopolitical tensions following news that the US attacked an Islamic State tunnel complex in eastern Afghanistan with the largest non-nuclear weapon ever used in combat by the US military. Bond yields continued to drop. Gold surged to its highest level since early November. The weakened versus the yen and euro. "Investors have plenty of reasons to be cautious and have become more cautious in recent weeks," said Erik Davidson, chief investment officer at Wells Fargo Private Bank. "The market had a great run and it just hasn't been given a lot of reasons for much follow-through on that." The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid 15.98 points, or 0.7%, to 2,328.95. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 138.61 points, or 0.7%, to 20,453.25. The Nasdaq composite index lost 31.01 points, or 0.5%, to 5,805.15. Small-company stocks fell more than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index lost 13.96 points, or 1%, to 1,345.24. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. The decline deepened the market's losses for the month. Bond prices edged higher. The yield on the benchmark US 10-year note fell to 2.23% from 2.24% late Wednesday. Gold, often sought out by investors in times of global uncertainty, climbed 10.40 dollars to 1,288.50 dollars an ounce. Oil prices inched higher as traders shrugged off a report by the International Energy Agency said that demand growth for oil will slow for a second consecutive year this year. Benchmark US crude rose seven cents to close at 53.18 dollars per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added three cents to close at 55.89 dollars per barrel in London. Even so, energy stocks fell sharply, led by Chesapeake Energy. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, shedding 26 cents, or 4.2%, to 5.89 dollars. After a week of mostly subdued trading without major new economic data or company news, investors got a look at the first batch of big bank earnings on Thursday. Several banks reported better-than-expected results thanks to improved revenue from trading and rising interest rates. That gave the stocks a boost early on, but their gains faded. Citigroup slipped 47 cents to 58.04 dollars, while JPMorgan Chase shed one dollar, or 1.2%, to 84.40 dollars. PNC Financial Services slid 20 cents to 115.80 dollars. "A lot of investors were looking through the earnings releases today and trying to get a sense of demand for loans, and I don't think they're liking what they're seeing," Mr Davidson said. Wells Fargo gave up 3.3% after Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway sold some of its stock in the lender to avoid being designated a bank holding company. Wells also reported flat quarterly earnings, reflecting continuing struggles to recover from its sales practice scandal. The stock lost 1.77 dollars to 51.35 dollars. Pier 1 Imports' latest quarterly results failed to impress investors. The company's shares slumped 9.1% after the home decor retailer reported disappointing sales. The stock slid 66 cents to 6.59 dollars. US Steel fell 5.9% as investors weighed the impact of a wastewater spill at one of the company's steel plants in northern Indiana. Federal officials were waiting for the results of tests aimed at determining whether a potentially carcinogenic chemical entered Lake Michigan during the wastewater spill on Tuesday. The company's shares were off 1.84 to 29.42 dollars. Major stock indexes overseas closed mostly lower. In Europe, Germany's Dax slid 0.4%, while France's Cac-40 shed 0.6%. London's FTSE-100 lost 0.3%. In Asia, Tokyo's Nikkei 225 fell 0.7% and Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 lost 0.7%. Hong Kong's Hang Seng slid 0.2% after a report showed China's export growth accelerated in March, while import growth cooled. Seoul's Kospi added 0.9%. The dollar continued to weaken a day after President Donald Trump said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal that the dollar was "getting too strong" and that he will not declare China a currency manipulator. The remarks helped push the yen to its highest level since mid-November, just after the presidential election. The dollar slid to 109.16 yen from 109.71 yen late Wednesday. The euro strengthened to 1.0612 from 1.0598 dollars. In other energy trading, wholesale petrol dipped one cent to 1.73 dollars a gallon. Heating oil held steady at 1.65 dollars a gallon. Natural gas rose 4 cents, or 1.3%, to 3.23 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. Among metals, silver gained 21 cents to 18.51 dollars an ounce. Copper added three cents to 2.57 dollars a pound. US markets will be closed for the Good Friday holiday. AP Commercial Links Jobs Dating Buy photos Local Businesses Star Reader Travel Star Shop Classifieds Book An Ad Digital Editions Useful links About us Contact Us Manage your Subscription Online Live road traffic updates Terms of website use Send us your news Deliver the Shropshire Star Live rail updates Cookies and privacy policy Making a complaint Shropshire Star archive Featured articles Try our beta site! We’re getting ready to launch our brand new website for shropshirestar.com and we’d like to give you a sneak preview. We’re still applying the finishing touches, so please bear with us if something’s not quite right. We'd love to hear your thoughts, good or bad, via the simple feedback button that you'll see to the right side of every page. Try the beta
WSWS ICFI Mehring Books Mobile RSS Feeds Podcast Newsletter Select a language Afrikaans >العربية Čeština Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español فارسی Français Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Norsk Polski Português Română Русский Srpskohrvatski Sinhalese தமிழ் Türkçe اُردُو‎ 中文 World Socialist Web Site wsws.org Published by the International Committee of the Fourth International (ICFI)   Click here for advanced search » Home Perspectives World News North America South and Central America Europe Middle East Africa Asia Australia and South Pacific World Economy European Economy US Economy Global Inequality Arts Review Film Reviews All Film Reviews in Alphabetical Order Film Festivals Interviews with Directors and Artists Book Reviews Art & Photographic Exhibitions Music Reviews Theater and Dance Art & Socialism – Lectures & Essays History This Week in History Leon Trotsky Russia & the former Soviet Union Fascism & the Holocaust Marxism and the Fundamental Problems of the 20th Century US History Science Human Genetics & Evolution The Internet Space Research & Astronomy Climate Change Philosophy The Enlightenment Existentialism and Post-modernism Religion Workers Struggles Auto Workers Issues Nationalism and the union bureaucracy Workers Struggles Around the World Workers Issues in Canada Workers Issues in the US European Workers Issues Workers Issues in Australia & the Pacific ICFI/Marxist Library Chronology Full Archive   Print Leaflet Feedback Share » Facebook Twitter Digg Reddit Delicious StumbleUpon Blogger E-Mail Tesla’s market valuation pushes past Ford and GM By Gabriel Black 17 April 2017 The electric car manufacturer Tesla surpassed GM briefly this past week as the most valued US car manufacturer, achieving a market capitalization Monday (the total value of all stocks issued) of a little over $50 billion. While Tesla’s stock has dipped slightly after this high, below that of GM, its market capitalization is still higher than the Ford Corporation. The valuation of Tesla by the stock market at a higher level than GM and Ford is remarkable given that Tesla produces a small fraction of the number of cars that either company makes. For example, in the second quarter of 2016, Tesla shipped 24,500 vehicles, nearly double what it had done the year before. However, GM sold over 2.4 million automobiles in the same quarter, 100 times more vehicles. Since late 2016, Tesla’s market price has shot up from $30 billion to $47.62 billion today. Meanwhile, GM and Ford have seen their market capitalization decline in the past few months, a general trend for the automakers since 2014. The valuation of Tesla at this seemingly absurd level is the result of massive financial bets by speculators that the company will be at the forefront of a coming automated and electric revolution in the global car industry. These speculators have also been driven by cheap, hot money on Wall Street which has caused the whole stock market to reach new, unprecedented levels. This trend, which began under the administration of former president Barack Obama, was further bolstered by the Trump administration’s ongoing dismantling of barriers and regulations on large corporations. Since its founding in 2003, Tesla has focused on producing electric luxury vehicles, releasing its Tesla Roadster in 2008, followed by its Model S, an electric luxury sedan, in 2012. Although its products have been aimed at upper-class consumers, its newest car, the Model 3, will be released this summer with a price tag around $35,000 before rebates, in an attempt to grab a larger share of the auto market. Tesla’s business model rests partly on its bet that its superior technology in the way of batteries and automated driving will allow it to wrestle a substantial share of the future car market from the long-standing auto giants. Elon Musk, founder and CEO of Tesla, said in a tweet on April 3, “Tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past, but that’s irrelevant. A stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows.” Tesla is pioneering lithium-ion cell development and production—a primary component of all electronic devices that run on batteries. It has invested about $2 billion dollars into a gigantic battery factory outside of Reno, in the state of Nevada. In combination with this, Tesla has launched a home battery product and is working to release roofs for homes that are solar panels but look like regular roofs. Simultaneously, the company is a leader in automated-driving—which auto and tech companies are racing to perfect. Most car companies and tech companies plan on launching a fully-automated car by 2020, including Google, Toyota, Uber, Volvo, Nissan, Daimler, Honda, and PSA. Tesla, however, is planning on having one ready by next year and has the advantage of already having autopilot features on most of its cars for some time, allowing the company to collect large amounts of data and better perfect its software. Meanwhile, Ford has partnered with Uber to produce fully autonomous ride-sharing vehicles in 2021 and GM with Lyft to do the same thing, with test versions coming out in 2018. Tesla’s emergence as the most-valued US car company reflects general trends in the economy. In 2006, Apple, Facebook, Google, and Amazon were far down the list for the most valuable companies in the world. Today, Apple is the most valuable company in the world ($753 billion), followed by Alphabet (Google’s parent company), Microsoft, and then Amazon. Facebook is the eighth most valuable company, in-between Johnson & Johnson and JPMorgan Chase. These companies are all making enormous revenues off of their capacity to arrive at groundbreaking technology first. The tremendous money at stake means that these companies are at each other’s throats when it comes to property rights and research. Whoever achieves a given technology first, and reliably, can easily push out its rivals. This has resulted in several vicious lawsuits involving Google, Uber, Tesla and others—an irrational, expensive, and time-consuming way to achieve scientific and technological progress. Undoubtedly, if these companies worked together, and solved the technical problems collectively, technology would develop at an even faster rate. While this shift toward high-tech reflects changes in the physical economy toward production and distribution systems highly dependent on the most advanced forms of technology and computer programming, it reflects equally, if not more so, the immense financial speculation that grips the high-tech industry. Since the crash of 2008 the world’s financial markets have been flush with cheap credit due to low interest rates and quantitative easing. This has led to large quantities of hot money trying to find the most profitable outlet. Several top companies, like Amazon and Google, have only recently made profits but have grown enormously in market value due to their tremendous growth and market dominance in their given industries. Tesla and other tech companies have seen their stocks soar as they become repositories for this flood of cheap credit. The stock market as a whole has shot far past the heights it reached prior to the 2007 financial crisis, with tech stocks pioneering this gigantic new bubble. In addition to these considerations, Tesla also benefits from political connections with Trump. Elon Musk, along with many other tech leaders, is on Trump’s economic advisory council. Though he criticized Trump before the election, post-election, the billionaire Musk has been the largest proponent of working with Trump on the advisory board. In contrast, several members, including the Uber CEO, have quit in protest at Trump’s immigration policies. Tesla’s cars, which are exclusively assembled in the US, are a bargaining chip for Musk when it comes to winning further subsidies or price rebates from the government.   Commenting Discussion Rules » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. New Today India strengthens defence ties with Bangladesh Immigrant arrests up 33 percent since Trump inauguration Washington pushes world to brink of nuclear war Mounting political tensions in aftermath of Turkish referendum Severe humanitarian crisis in Iraq with 800,000 going to bed hungry more articles » US Economy Tesla’s market valuation pushes past Ford and GM US retail stores closing at record rate Super-rich in America live 15 years longer than the poorest 1 percent Subprime auto loans threaten new crisis Sharp fall in US jobs growth in March more articles » United States Immigrant arrests up 33 percent since Trump inauguration BP oil well blowout in North Alaska US threats of war against North Korea continue Syrian rebels massacre at least 126 civilians in suicide bomb blast Democrats push anti-Russian campaign at “tax day” protests more articles » Get Involved! Donate to the WSWS About the ICFI Join the IYSSE Join the SEP Socialist Equality Parties United States Germany Australia United Kingdom Sri Lanka Canada Follow the WSWS Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Feed Daily Podcast WSWS Newsletter Recent Perspectives Washington pushes world to brink of nuclear war (18/04/2017) Trump administration recklessly escalating the conflict with Korea (17/04/2017) Media, political establishment treat dropping of biggest bomb since Hiroshima as nonevent (15/04/2017) US drops largest non-nuclear weapon on Afghanistan: A crime against humanity (14/04/2017) What would a US-European-Russian war look like? (13/04/2017) Most Read Over the Past 7 Days Fallout continues from beating of United Airlines passenger David Dao (14/04/2017) Nuclear experts speak on the dangers of war between the US and Russia (15/04/2017) What would a US-European-Russian war look like? (13/04/2017) Whistleblower uncovers London police hacking of journalists and protestors (15/04/2017) The United Airlines beating of David Dao and the case for public ownership of the airline industry (12/04/2017) The Editor recommends Sri Lankan government sponsors sham celebration of the Russian Revolution (15/04/2017) CIA Director calls WikiLeaks an “enemy,” says Assange has “no First Amendment freedoms” (15/04/2017) Britain’s Guardian cynically poses as opponent of war in Syria (14/04/2017) Right-wing media mobilizes in support of Humboldt University Professor Jörg Baberowski (14/04/2017) White House Press Secretary: Hitler didn’t “sink to using chemical weapons” (12/04/2017) Trump threatens North Korea, issues ultimatum to China (12/04/2017) Socialism and the centenary of the Russian Revolution: 1917-2017 Lecture 1: Why Study the Russian Revolution (Text | Video) Lecture 2: The Legacy of 1905 and the Strategy of the Russian Revolution (Text | Video) Lecture 3: World War and Revolution: 1914-1917 (Text | Video) Fourth lecture: Spontaneity and Consciousness in the February Revolution April 22, 2017 Sign up now Lectures and Essays by David North Socialism and the centenary of the Russian Revolution: 1917-2017 (01/03/2017) Georgi Valentinovich Plekhanov (1856–1918): His Place in the History of Marxism (12/05/2016) Philosophy and Politics in an Age of War and Revolution (10/25/2017) A Quarter Century of War: The US Drive for Global Hegemony 1990–2016 (07/11/2016) Socialism and the Struggle Against War ICFI Resolution: Socialism and the fight against war (02/18/2016) SEP (US) Resolution: The fight against war and the political tasks of the SEP (08/25/2014) SEP (Australia) Resolution: The Socialist Equality Party and the fight to build an international anti-war movement (07/27/2016) SEP (Sri Lanka) Resolution: The political struggle against war and the tasks of the Socialist Equality Party (04/30/2016) PSG(Germany) Resolution: The struggle against war and the tasks of the PSG (11/14/2014) About the WSWS | Contact Us | Privacy Statement | Top of page Copyright © 1998-2017 World Socialist Web Site - All rights reserved
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bond Traders Finally Broke 2017's Range. Now Comes the Hard Part by Brian Chappatta @BChappatta More stories by Brian Chappatta April 16, 2017, 12:00 AM EDT JPMorgan says yields need to breach 2.15% to sustain rally Sideways grinding consolidation foreseen by BMO Capital The world’s biggest bond market may have finally broken out of its tight 2017 trading range, but it’s not exactly drawing a clear roadmap for traders of the moves ahead. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Rather than gaining more insight into the plight of the global reflation bet, traders were left reacting to geopolitical risks from North Korea to Russia (not to mention a huge bomb dropped in Afghanistan just before holiday-shortened trading ended). They also heard President Donald Trump jawboning the dollar lower and declaring he  likes low interest rates now that he’s in the Oval Office. Those factors seem unlikely to disappear in the weeks ahead. That leaves the benchmark 10-year U.S. yield at 2.24 percent, near the lowest this year, and the dollar about the weakest versus the yen since November, heading into a relatively quiet week for economic data. Rather than overreact to something like housing starts, traders and strategists are keying in on technical market levels to gauge the sustainability of the latest move. “North Korea and Syria were the straw that broke the camel’s back, but now we have a new range,” said Glen Capelo, a trader at Mischler Financial. He pegs it at about 2.05 percent to 2.4 percent for the 10-year yield, after it’d been stuck between 2.3 percent and 2.65 percent. For bond bears, “we’re not going to know anything for a while,” on the timing of Trump’s fiscal-policy agenda, Capelo said. “The onus now is that the hard data has to turn higher.” In the meantime, Wall Street strategists are chiming in with their own levels to watch in the trading days ahead. For the rally to continue, the 10-year yield has to fall below 2.15 percent, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. technical analysts Jason Hunter and Alix Tepper. If it does, the yield could plunge all the way back to 1.88 percent. It’ll meet resistance at the 2.34 percent level on the way up, they said in a note. Even though technicals back a further rally, targeting the 50 percent retracement of the Trumponomics selloff at 2.177 percent, Ian Lyngen and Aaron Kohli at BMO Capital Markets say they aren’t buying it. “While we’d like to lean more bullishly on the market, the severity of the move coupled with the spike in short-dated implied volatility has us viewing a sideways grinding consolidation as the path of least resistance,” they wrote in a note Friday. The dollar, for its part, is hovering around its 200-day moving average and its 12-month average closing price, 108.79 and 108.40 yen respectively. A drop in yields could compromise both levels and drag the dollar to as low as 103.33, the first standard deviation from the mean 12-month closing price. Such a fall would align with a roughly 2 percent 10-year yield. A decline of that magnitude in the 10-year yield before the end of June would surprise even the most bullish of the 58 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg as of April 13.  As usual, Steven Major at HSBC Holdings Plc is tied for the lowest estimate -- 2.2 percent -- when the current quarter comes to an end. He’s maintaining a decline to 1.6 percent by year-end. Sounds outlandish? Sounds plausible? Well, traders, yields have broken free. Place your bets. What to watch next week: April 17 Empire Manufacturing NAHB Housing Market Index April 18 Housing Starts Building Permits Fed’s George speaks at Bard College April 19 MBA Mortgage Applications Fed releases Beige Book Fed’s Rosengren speaks at Bard College April 20 Initial Jobless Claims Philadelphia Fed Business Outlook Bloomberg Consumer Comfort U.S. to Sell 5-Year TIPS April 21 Markit U.S. Manufacturing, Services, Composite PMI Existing Home Sales Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read This Man Is Spending Millions to Break Elon Musk's Trump Ties Trump Is Willing to Consider a Sudden Strike on North Korea Boeing to Dismiss Hundreds of Engineers Amid Sales Slowdown How the Six-Hour Workday Actually Saves Money A 9,800% Stock Increase Exposes Hong Kong's Billionaires on Paper Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Vetr Inc. Upgrades Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) to Strong-Buy Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.53 Billion Realogy Holdings Corp (RLGY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.15 Billion Brokerages Expect WhiteHorse Finance Inc (WHF) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $12.1 Million Analysts Expect MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $184.8 Million Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $57.95 Million Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Analysts Anticipate Walt Disney Co (DIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $13.41 Billion Analysts Anticipate W. R. Grace & Co (GRA) Will Announce Earnings of $0.63 Per Share Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.23 Per Share A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Facebook Inc (FB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.88 Per Share Muenchener Rckvrrgs Gsllcht Mhn AG (MURGY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) PT at $100.00 $0.90 EPS Expected for PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) This Quarter Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $32.86 Million Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (AWH) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (NYSE:AWH) will be releasing its earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. Analysts expect Allied World Assurance Company Holdings to post earnings of $0.68 per share for the quarter. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings (NYSE:AWH) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.48 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.63 by $0.15. The company earned $445.33 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $583.43 million. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 9.91%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.47 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect Allied World Assurance Company Holdings to post $2.70 EPS for the current fiscal year and $2.87 EPS for the next fiscal year. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd (NYSE:AWH) opened at 53.10 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $4.64 billion, a PE ratio of 18.70 and a beta of 0.58. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $53.13 and a 200-day moving average of $49.44. Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd has a 12-month low of $33.20 and a 12-month high of $54.46. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/allied-world-assurance-company-holdings-ltd-awh-set-to-announce-quarterly-earnings-on-tuesday.html. Several research firms have recently commented on AWH. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. MKM Partners lowered Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $45.00 to $54.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, JMP Securities lowered Allied World Assurance Company Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $44.40. About Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG is a holding company. The Company provides property, casualty and specialty insurance and reinsurance solutions to clients around the world. The Company operates in three segments: North American Insurance, Global Markets Insurance and Reinsurance. The North American Insurance segment consists of the Company’s direct insurance operations in the United States, Bermuda and Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allied World Assurance Company Holdings Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance A10 Networks Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Anticipate Walt Disney Co (DIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $13.41 Billion Analysts Anticipate W. R. Grace & Co (GRA) Will Announce Earnings of $0.63 Per Share Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.23 Per Share A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Facebook Inc (FB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.88 Per Share Muenchener Rckvrrgs Gsllcht Mhn AG (MURGY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.19 Per Share Mondi Plc (MNDI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) PT at $100.00 $0.90 EPS Expected for PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) This Quarter Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $32.86 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Accenture Plc (ACN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $8.84 Billion Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.82 Billion WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Western Digital Corp (WDC) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.79 Per Share H & R Block Inc (HRB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Conn's Inc (CONN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $360.86 Million Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $579.42 Million Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Galapagos NV (GLPG) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages April 16th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the five analysts that are presently covering the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating on the company. The average twelve-month price target among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is $9.50. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on ATEN shares. Dougherty & Co boosted their price target on A10 Networks from $10.00 to $10.50 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Zacks Investment Research cut A10 Networks from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Shares of A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) traded down 1.36% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $8.72. The company had a trading volume of 153,735 shares. A10 Networks has a one year low of $5.87 and a one year high of $10.87. The stock’s market capitalization is $514.74 million. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $9.15 and a 200-day moving average of $8.80. A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.02 by $0.01. A10 Networks had a negative return on equity of 24.79% and a negative net margin of 9.10%. The firm earned $64 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $60.87 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($0.06) earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 13.0% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that A10 Networks will post $0.11 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other news, CEO Lee Chen sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.86, for a total value of $221,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 10,936,538 shares in the company, valued at $96,897,726.68. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Robert D. Cochran sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.99, for a total value of $44,950.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 203,162 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,826,426.38. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 189,534 shares of company stock valued at $1,732,813 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 34.05% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Acadian Asset Management LLC boosted its position in A10 Networks by 0.4% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 101,521 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,085,000 after buying an additional 429 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in A10 Networks by 65.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 31,893 shares of the company’s stock valued at $340,000 after buying an additional 12,666 shares in the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. acquired a new position in A10 Networks during the third quarter valued at $1,904,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in A10 Networks by 248.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,489,555 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,924,000 after buying an additional 1,062,097 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in A10 Networks by 364.0% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 366,096 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,914,000 after buying an additional 287,196 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 54.05% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/16/a10-networks-inc-aten-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-brokerages.html. About A10 Networks A10 Networks, Inc is a provider of software and hardware solutions. The Company’s solutions enable its customers to secure and optimize the performance of their data center and cloud applications, and secure their users, applications and infrastructure from Internet, Web and network threats at scale. Receive News & Ratings for A10 Networks Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Sensex, Nifty Seen Lower On Global Cues 4/16/2017 11:01 PM ET Indian shares may open a tad lower on Monday, tracking weak Asian markets after North Korea failed in its attempt to test another missile and the U.S. said it is working with China and other allies to develop a "range of options" against the country's "provocative and destabilizing" behavior. The dollar hit a five-month low versus the Japanese yen while the lira jumped after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan claimed victory in a referendum on Sunday to grant him sweeping new powers. Gold extended last week's rally while oil prices fell below the $53 mark. In economic releases, China's economy grew a better-than-expected 6.9 percent in the March quarter compared to last year, official data showed today. The benchmark index BSE Sensex dropped 245 points last week and the Nifty finished below the 9,200-level, with geopolitical tensions, a slew of disappointing macro data and lower revenue guidance from IT major Infosys keeping underlying sentiment cautious. ACC, IndusInd Bank, HDFC Bank, Hindustan Zinc, MindTree and Yes Bank are among the prominent companies due to announce their quarterly results this week. On the macroeconomic front, the government will release wholesale inflation numbers for March later today. U.S. stocks fell on Thursday to extend losses for the third straight session as flaring tensions in North Korea, Russia and Syria helped fuel demand for safe-haven assets. Traders also reacted to a slew of economic reports and earnings news from financial giants JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo. The Dow and the S&P 500 dropped around 0.7 percent to hit their lowest levels in two months, while the Nasdaq Composite shed half a percent. European stocks ended Thursday's session modestly lower as investors digested U.S. President Donald Trump's comments about the dollar and interest rates. The pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index slid 0.4 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Unhappy Campers: The 10 Most Miserable Nations on Earth Feeling Groovy: The 10 Countries With the Best Healthcare The Ten Largest Economies In Africa Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global European Shares Seen Flat To Higher Sensex Up 253 Points In Early Trade; Nifty Climbs Above 9200 Sensex, Nifty Poised For Flat Open Asian Markets Mostly Higher Thai Bourse May Reverse Monday's Losses Indonesia Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Hong Kong Market May Catch Up On Negative Sentiment Higher Open Tipped For China Stock Market Taiwan Stock Market May Find Traction On Tuesday Singapore Shares May End Losing Streak Malaysia Bourse May Add To Monday's Winnings Firm Open Tipped For South Korea Shares Bargain Hunting Contributes To Strength On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Stocks Firmly In Positive Territory In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Stocks Move Higher As Traders Go Bargain Hunting - U.S. Commentary <<Previous        78 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Hidden Treasures: Africa's 10 Largest Economies Eli Manning In Fake Memorabilia Scandal McDonalds Manager Refunds Nearly 1,100 Big Macs...To Herself Universal's "Fate Of The Furious" Smashes Global Box Office Records Wells Fargo Q1 Profit Tops View, But Revenue Misses Citigroup Q1 Profit Up 17%, Results Beat View JPMorgan Q1 Results Top Estimates Microsoft Hardware Event On May 2, But No Surface Phone Cathay Pacific CEO Ivan Chu To Step Down After First Loss In 8 Years Food Delivery Robots Debut In San Francisco AERI's Rocket Hits Target, ENTL Gets FDA Nod, NOVN Jumps On Positive Trial Data Microsoft Hardware Event On May 2, But No Surface Phone FDA Says No To INCY, ZTS Snaps Up NVET, MDXG On The Move Cadence Bancorp Prices 7.5 Mln Shares IPO At $20/share Infosys Q4 Profit Rises, Sees Higher Revenues In FY18; Stock Dips - Quick Facts The Smokehouse Of NY Recalls Smoked Fish Products Food Delivery Robots Debut In San Francisco Company Spotlight: Incyte Citigroup Q1 Profit Up 17%, Results Beat View Cathay Pacific CEO Ivan Chu To Step Down After First Loss In 8 Years Eli Lilly And Incyte Say FDA Issues CRL For Baricitinib BioMarin Enters Into Settlement Agreement With Par Pharma Related To Kuvan The Smokehouse Of NY Recalls Smoked Fish Products Ant Financial Increases Offer For MoneyGram To $18.00/shr In Cash Williams Partners To Sell Interests In Geismar Olefins To Nova For $2.1 Bln Apogee Enterprises Inc. Q4 Earnings Climb 16% Carrefour Q1 Sales Rise; Confirms FY17 Sales Growth View - Quick Facts Ashmore Q3 AuM Up 7% Sequentially - Quick Facts Snapchat CEO: I Never Said India Too Poor For App Alere Holding On To Substantial Gain In Afternoon Trading Cleantech Solutions FY16 Net Loss Narrows, Revenues Down - Quick Facts Nintendo Record 906,000 Switch Consoles Sold In U.S. In March Chevron Reportedly Exploring Sale Of Canada Oil Sands Stake First Horizon National Reports 13% Gain In Q1 Bottom Line Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Apr 18, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Stock pickers face scrapheap as investors turn to algorithms Actively managed funds are losing out to computerised investment strategies about 2 hours ago Proinsias O'Mahony The “computers good, humans bad” trend in fund management is only likely to accelerate.         Is old-fashioned stock picking dying? Faith in age-old stock-picking methods is certainly waning, judging by the recent decision of BlackRock – the world’s largest asset manager – to cut back on its active management division and instead place more emphasis on computer-driven models. “The democratisation of information has made it much harder for active management”, said BlackRock chief executive Larry Fink. Since 2009, only 11 per cent of BlackRock’s actively managed equity funds have outperformed their benchmarks, prompting Fink to “change the ecosystem” by “relying more on big data, artificial intelligence, factors and models”. The same point was made more bluntly by BlackRock’s Mark Wiseman. “The old way of people sitting in a room picking stocks, thinking they are smarter than the next guy – that does not work any more.” Such sentiments were once the preserve of advocates of passive investing strategies that track market indices. That they are now being uttered by a firm that operates a $275 billion active stock fund business – that’s noteworthy, and testimony to the pressures afflicting active management. Underperforming funds According to S&P Global data, nine out of 10 US equity funds failed to beat the market over the last year; 94.6 per cent underperformed over the last five years; 87.5 per cent underperformed over the last decade. Global fund figures are similarly uninspiring, with 81.2 per cent underperforming over the last 10 years. Index funds have an inherent cost advantage. In the US, the average expense ratio for index funds is just 0.11 per cent, compared with 0.84 per cent for actively managed funds. Investors, increasingly cost conscious and disenchanted with active funds, are migrating en masse; according to Citigroup, there has been a global swing of almost a trillion dollars from active to passive funds over the last year. BlackRock’s move towards a more quantitative, rules-based approach is allowing it to slash the cost of its active funds, and rival fund managers are likely to follow suit To compete, active managers have to reduce costs and make the case that their strategies are based on hard evidence. This is where computer-based strategies come in. BlackRock’s move towards a more quantitative, rules-based approach is allowing it to slash the cost of its active funds, and rival fund managers are likely to follow suit. “Why employ hundreds of asset managers, each selecting stocks and implementing investment strategies, when a few programmes can do it for you?” said Sudhir Nanda, a quantitative manager at US money manager T Rowe Price, in an interview with the Financial Times last year. “Humans aren’t going to be completely replaced [in fund management], but they will be mostly replaced.” Smart beta The move towards a more quantitative approach is exemplified in the enthusiasm being shown towards smart-beta strategies. Smart beta refers to exchange-traded funds (ETFs) that aim to achieve market-beating returns in a rules-based, index-like manner. Researchers have long known that various investment styles have proven fruitful over long periods, and there is increased interest as to what specific factors have driven this outperformance. Some of the more well-known factors include value (cheap stocks beat expensive stocks), momentum (buy recent winners, sell recent losers), size (small-cap stocks have historically outperformed big companies), and low risk (less volatile stocks beat more volatile stocks). Factor-based ETFs are custom-made indices that consist of stocks that satisfy specified criteria. In some cases, managers are constructing multifactor ETFs that combine a number of the above or other investment factors. Although money is flowing out of traditional active funds, the smart-beta industry is thriving. Globally, more than $500 billion is invested in smart-beta ETFs. BlackRock estimates this will rise to $1 trillion by 2020, and $2.4 trillion by 2025. Continued price pressures and increased competition mean fees for such ETFs continue to fall. The merits of adopting a rules-based, quantitative approach over a subjective, discretionary one are hard to dispute. A mountain of academic literature indicates that models generally beat humans. One major meta-analysis examined 136 studies across multiple fields – medicine, mental health, education and training, and more – comparing the performance of simple quantitative models to expert human judgment. The models either beat or equalled experts on 94 per cent of occasions; the experts’ few victories were when they had more information than the models. Behavioural foibles One of the reasons is that models are dispassionate, whereas human judgment is undermined by all kinds of behavioural foibles such as overconfidence and loss aversion. These self-defeating tendencies were exemplified last year in a study co-authored by quantitative money manager Victor Haghani. The study involved 61 quantitatively-trained people who were given $25 and asked to place bets for 30 minutes on a rigged coin that will come up heads 60 per cent of the time. Strictly following a rules-based approach would have generated a tenfold profit but most “managed their betting very sub-optimally”, displaying “as many behavioural and cognitive biases as you can shake a stick at”. According to a report last month by Boston-based financial consultancy Opimas, increased automation is likely to result in 230,000 fewer people working in capital markets by 2025 The financial industry is increasingly conscious of these limitations. Behavioural finance, once a niche field, is now decidedly mainstream. References to the work of psychologist Daniel Kahneman, whose research into the cognitive quirks that bedevil human judgment won him a Nobel Prize in economics in 2002, can be found in every second analyst report these days. Indeed, Wiseman’s crack about “people sitting in a room picking stocks, thinking they are smarter than the next guy” has a decidedly Kahneman-like air about it. Consequently, the “computers good, humans bad” trend is only likely to accelerate. According to a report last month by Boston-based financial consultancy Opimas, increased automation is likely to result in 230,000 fewer people working in capital markets by 2025. “The asset-management industry will shrink most, with around 90,000 people being replaced by machines”, it said. Flash crashes Computers, of course, are also imperfect, as evidenced by occasional flash crashes in financial markets. “Computers are the new dumb money,” said Ritholtz Wealth Management chief executive Josh Brown in 2015, following chaotic market trading on August 24th of that year that pummelled the share prices of some of the world’s biggest companies. People knew companies like JPMorgan, Facebook and Starbucks should not have fallen up to 22 per cent in the first few minutes of trading that day, said Brown; in contrast, machines “can only do what they’ve been programmed to do. There’s no art, there’s no philosophy and there’s no common sense involved.” There’s no denying computers can go wrong, and that calm stock pickers can profit when markets occasionally go haywire. Still, investors have clearly lost patience with paying high fees for underperforming stock-picking managers, and there is often a nagging doubt in relation to the handful of outperformers as to whether their success is the product of luck or skill. In contrast, computer-based investment vehicles are cheap, transparent and offer the promise of a more scientific, data-driven approach. Old-fashioned stock pickers may believe they still have a vital role to play but BlackRock’s actions indicate the writing is on the wall. “It is hard to deliver value to clients through traditional means of investing,” admitted Wiseman. “The active equity industry needs to change.”       Topics: Josh Brown Daniel Kahneman Mark Wiseman Larry Fink Starbucks Citigroup Jpmorgan Facebook BlackRock Read More Trading truisms and time-tested investment adages Computer says . . . invest: the robo-advisers are coming Looking for value in global stock markets Should investors ignore the bubble-watchers? Do the sums: you pay much more tax than you think Can my parents gift me a house without tax implications? Sun, sea . . . and better value for money: Top places to retire Why do beautiful Chinese market analysts do better? Savers may suffer as Nationwide UK set to leave Irish market Should my mum declare her bank accounts in the North?  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Commercial Property Howl At The Moon nightclub to be replaced by 53-room hotel Work Preparation key to dealing with trauma of product recalls Rugby Gerry Thornley: Munster’s ‘Red Army’ set for return to big time Motors Toyota’s FT-4X concept harks back to the classic Land Cruiser Sponsored Ten thrifty tips to brighten up your home Let a Hume PhD scholarship unlock your potential at Maynooth University Broadband and digital technology essential for Irish business growth Lifting the diamond to a higher level Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Funds Tracker Keep up to date with your investments   Latest Business Do the sums: you pay much more tax than you think 07:57 Twice-bitten traders take no chances with French election risk 07:39 Ireland to get a major insight into its housing problem 07:22 Howl At The Moon nightclub to be replaced by 53-room hotel 07:19 Another writers’ strike? It’s like a surreal Hollywood sequel 07:12 Most Read in Business 1 Do the sums: you pay much more tax than you think 2 Howl At The Moon nightclub to be replaced by 53-room hotel 3 How the six-hour workday actually saves money 4 Twice-bitten traders take no chances with French election risk 5 Netflix misses subscriber target without House of Cards style hit 6 Brexiteers prove that stupid is as stupid does 7 Sun, sea . . . and better value for money: Top places to retire 8 Dermot Desmond-backed Caribbean marina opens for business 9 Ireland to get a major insight into its housing problem 10 First quarter of 2017 not as difficult as feared for Irish firms Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Save money on international transfers Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 18/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto High hopes for US earnings season but markets may stall By admin in Uncategorized April 18, 2017 Analysts and fund managers expect the upcoming US quarterly earnings season to be the strongest in some years, but with US equities already trading at highly elevated levels, few expect results to translate into higher sharemarket growth.Expectations for the US earnings season are high. Analysts at Goldman Sachs’ expect blended earnings-per-share growth of 9.2 per cent this earnings season – the strongest since the fourth quarter of 2011. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Analysts and fund managers expect the upcoming US quarterly earnings season to be the strongest in some years, but with US equities already trading at highly elevated levels, few expect it to translate into even higher sharemarket growth. Photo: AP Of early reporting companies whose quarter ended at the end of February, 74 per cent have beaten earnings-per-share forecasts, according to Bank of America.Financial firms – which benefit from the Fed’s lifting of interest rates – are expected to do particularly well. Citi and JP Morgan, who reported last week, both handily beat analysts expectations, while Wells Fargo’s shares slid after revenue narrowly missed consensus expectations.Meanwhile, industrials and companies aligned with the energy market are expected to profit from a rise in the oil price.Much of the higher growth has already been priced in, Wingate Asset Management chief investment officer Chad Padowitz said, adding that makes it likely that higher profits won’t translate to sharemarket growth. Advertisement The S&P500, which contains the largest and most influential companies on the world’s most important stockmarket has enjoyed a charmed run of late, rising 8.5 per cent since the November election of US President Donald Trump.Of major markets, US stocks are the most highly valued in the world, trading at earnings multiples of around 17.6 per cent of 2018 forward earnings, according to JP Morgan Asset Management. That compares to 15.1 times earnings in Europe and 13.9 times earnings in Japan.Most analysts and fund managers do not place the strong sharemarket performance solely at the feet of the US president. The US economy has greatly improved in the past year, and this has fed through to the stock market.While President Trump was elected on expectations… Post navigation ‘Every street vendor will have to move out': Bangkok to cease being finest street food destination What employees really want Search for: Recent Posts Kapil Sharma will NOT celebrate 100th episode of TKSS and the reason is Sunil Grover! The Jackbox Party Pack 3 (Switch) Review 7 most powerful SUVs on SA’s new vehicle market Private schools push for separate Indigenous campuses to cash in on federal funds Iron ore, geopolitics send ASX tumbling Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Menu Resilience Building a world of resilient communities Get Resilience delivered daily Resilience.org email bulletins Daily digest of articles Weekly email of Energy articles Weekly email of Economy articles Weekly email of Food & Water articles Weekly email of Environment articles Weekly email of Society articles Homepage News & Views All Recent Articles Energy Economy Environment Food & Water Society Featured Voices Learn Think Resilience PCI Products Other Resources Act Inspiration Resources Think Resilience About About Resilience Team FAQs Contact Donate Home Energy Peak Oil Review – 17 April 2017 By Tom Whipple, originally published by ASPO-USA April 17, 2017 14 2 1 4 “The shortcoming of oil replacement by the drill bit has been quite drastic … Discoveries are not keeping up with production.” Per Magnus Nysveen, head of analysis, Rystad Energy.  Last year, 10 billion barrels of oil were discovered, around one third of global consumption, including well-appraisal activity, said Nysveen. He added that supply could fall short by up to 2 million barrels per day within seven to eight years. Graphic of the Week 1.  Oil and the Global Economy After climbing steadily since March 27th, oil prices stabilized at the $53-55 level late last week. As usual, prices got a boost from various oil minister’s comments about how well they were doing in meeting their production cut goals and how they are considering extending the cuts until the end of the year. The monthly OPEC report shows that the cartel’s production jumped by about 1.2 million b/d after production cuts were first seriously discussed last fall, and then fell about the same amount after cuts started in January. The net result was to leave OPEC’s production about where it was through most of 2016. Breakeven prices for oil are plunging across the industry with large reductions in costs for conventional as well as shale wells. This information casts doubt on industry claims that technological innovation in shale oil production is the primary reason that the cost of producing this oil has fallen in the last three years. In reality, lower costs of production are primarily due to oil service companies working at or even below profitable levels to stay in business. The issue of whether the OPEC cuts will reduce the global crude surplus continues to be discussed endlessly. Some believe that oil prices will remain anchored in the mid-$50s for an extended period and bounce around that number by ten or so percent in response to the latest news. Everybody seems to agree that oil prices climbing into the $60s will simply result in increased production of shale oil more quickly. A few optimists see the global oversupply being eliminated by the end of year and prices moving higher due to the shortages from underinvestment in new production. Both sides of this debate are throwing around numbers to back up their claims. Last week the IEA, the EIA, and OPEC all released their monthly appraisals of the global oil situation. In a wide-ranging assessment, the IEA notes that OPEC has done a good job cutting production and that the Non-OPEC adherents to the agreement seem to be falling in line. The Agency notes that the oil market will likely tighten throughout the year due to the production cut. Assuming the cut is extended until the end of the year prices are likely to creep higher and encourage US shale producers and others to increase production.  Even if the cut is not extended, the Agency expects that US production will grow by about 680,000 b/d during 2017. There are several wild cards that could change the oil supply/demand situation markedly before the end of the year.  Libyan production has been bouncing between 500,000 and 700,000 b/d because of militia groups shutting off and turning on oil pipelines for their own purposes. The Libyan National Oil Company keeps saying that if everybody leaves it alone, it could be producing on the order of 1.1 million b/d by the end of the year though this would still be 500,000 b/d below what the country was pumping before the troubles began. Nigeria has recently been pumping about 900,000 b/d below its “normal” 2.2 million. Part of the lower production has been due to maintenance on two major oil facilities and part due to sabotage by militants.  The government announced last week that the maintenance will be completed with the next two months and that oil production should be rising again. If we ever see Libya and Nigeria pumping near declared intentions, the increase in production would be on the order of 1.3 million b/d, largely offsetting the OPEC/NOPEC production cut when increased US production is thrown in. On the other side of the list is Venezuela where the political/economic situation continues to deteriorate.  Oil production there is sliding slowly, but there is little speculation about what will happen to oil prices if there is a total societal collapse. Taking this much oil off the market at once could give prices a substantial boost. Then we have the increasing tensions in the Middle East and Korea. Syria produces so little oil these days that it is no longer a factor, but the possibility of wider fighting that threatens oil supplies grows all the time.  Another Korean War would be so fraught with dangers that there is no way to even contemplate the effect on the oil business. China is already threatening to cut off North Korea’s oil supply if it tests another nuclear weapon. As the country does not consume much oil, the impact on the oil markets would be minimal, but North Korea’s economy would be devastated. The IEA also notes that the demand for oil is not as robust as previously estimated. The agency sees weaker-than-expected demand growth in Russia, India, several Middle Eastern countries, Korea, and the US, where demand has stalled in recent months. There are so many variables at work, that making a responsible estimate of where prices are going is nearly impossible at this time.  Over the next five years it is likely that oil will come into short supply, but much is likely to happen before then. 2.  The Middle East & North Africa Iran:  Tehran’s exports fell to 2.35 million b/d in March from 2.41 million in February as the country continued to empty out the crude it had been holding in floating storage since days of the nuclear sanctions. Most observers believe that that the Iranians no longer have much crude in storage that could be quickly exported and from here on must increase production.  The Iranians are still optimistic that more foreign investment will be flowing into the country now that the sanctions have been eased. Thanks to years of wars, turmoil, and embargos, Iran has some of the world’s last remaining oil that can be exploited quickly and cheaply using conventional techniques. To attract foreign investment, Tehran has been working for many months on a new model contract that it hopes will attract investors. Under the production freeze agreement, Iran fell into a special category that allows it some small increases in production rather than actually cutting output. Tehran announced last week that it has a goal of surpassing Qatar by increasing production from the South Pars oil and gas field which it shares with Qatar across the Gulf. The Iranians say the field may contain as much as 14 billion barrels of oil. Syria/Iraq: Independence for Kurdistan has been a top priority for the Kurds since the end of the Ottoman empire a century ago. Now the Kurds are planning a referendum to determine if there is support among the Kurdish people who are now are living in Turkey, Syria, Iraq, and Iran. Needless to say, none of these countries are anxious to give up territory and in some cases oil reserves to a newly independent country. The Kurds have a century-old claim on much of the oil in northern Iraq. Sorting out these issues after the ISIL and Syrian situations are settled will likely be difficult. Saudi Arabia: The kingdom’s oil production in March slipped by 111,000 b/d to 9.9 million, the lowest since January indicating the that Saudis are doing their best to support the production cut agreement. The CEO of Saudi Aramco warned last week of a looming oil shortage in the next decade due to the $1 trillion drop in global investment in finding and developing new oil fields that has happened in the last few years. The executive also said that the Saudis are likely to support extending the production cuts until the end of the year. The Saudis are seeking bids for 700 megawatts of wind and solar projects. This is part of a $50 billion program to boost electricity production and free up more oil for export. Currently the Saudis burn large quantities of crude each summer to support air conditioning. This results in major losses of revenue as crude is far too valuable a resource to burn directly in power plant furnaces. Libya: Last week Libya’s oil production fell to 490,000 b/d as the country’s largest oilfield, Sharara, was closed down for the second time in 3 weeks. The closure of Sharara was followed by the closure of the Wafa field as the two share a single pipeline feeding crude to the Zawiya export terminal. With the closure of Wafa, Libya’s oil production could be less than 450,000 b/d. Given that numerous groups with varied grievances have the power to close pipeline valves to draw attention to their complaints, it is starting to appear that higher Libyan oil output is not going to be realized in the immediate future. General Haftar who has been in extensive conversations with Russian officials of late said the possibility of Russia establishing a military base in Libya, similar to the one in Syria, is not going to happen. Moscow is likely too sensible to get involved directly in the Libyan mess, but could be sending military aid to Haftar’s forces in an effort to gain influence should Haftar and the eastern government ever succeed in taking over the country. 3.  China China’s record crude imports in March, up 11 percent over February, confirms its position as the number one oil importer in the world. During the 1st quarter, Chinese imports averaged 8.5 million b/d as compared with 8.15 million b/d for the US. Much of the surge in buying during the 1st quarter was by small independent refiners or “teapots” that moved the oil into storage. Many analysts expect that April will see less buying as the small refiners are running out of space to store the excess crude, and the demand for oil products across Asia has been weaker lately. Despite all the efforts in clean up its air, China continues to increase its thermal power generation which was up by 7 percent year over year in the first quarter. As domestic coal production only increased by 4 percent during the quarter, the result is a surge in demand for imported thermal coal which is expected to be 30 million tons higher this year than in 2016. Some in the Chinese coal industry are predicting a bright future for coal with imports growing to over 1 billion tons by 2030. They acknowledge, however, the urgent need to burn coal more efficiently and reduce emissions. It seems that some in China, as in the US, have not yet gotten the message. 4. Nigeria The government expects that production will revive this summer from the current 1.27 million b/d to 2.2 million as repairs are completed on the Forcados pipeline that was damaged by militant sabotage and maintenance is completed on the Bonga offshore oil field. There have not been any significant militant sabotage operations of late and the government claims it has patched things up with, or more likely bought off, the militants. President Buhari’s new tactic of negotiating with the militants rather than engaging in an all-out-war may be working. If Nigeria, which is not under any OPEC production constraints, can increase its production by a million b/d in the second half of the year, then it would take a large bite out of the OPEC production cuts. In conjunction with increases in US and other Non-OPEC production, the OPEC production cut may not produce the desired results. Royal Dutch Shell said it knew that some of the $1.3 billion paid to the Nigerian government in 2011 for an exploration license would go to a company linked to the country’s former oil minister, changing its previous stance on a deal that’s under investigation for alleged corruption. This seems to be the first time that Shell has admitted it knew that some of their payment for the license was going to middlemen rather than the government. The Anglo-Dutch oil company reiterated that its joint purchase with Eni SpA of the license was “fully legal.” Nigerian newspapers are filled with stories alleging that former President Goodluck Jonathan received as much as $200 million to approve the license for Shell. Stories of widespread corruption in Nigeria have been rife for years, but nothing ever seems to come out of them.  This time we have the US’s FBI questioning Russian middle-men who seem to have gotten into the deal. 5. Venezuela Violence increased across Venezuela as hungry people took to the streets in protest against government policies. So far the demonstrations seem to be rather small but numerous. To strain security forces, demonstrations were said to have taken place in each of the country’s 335 municipalities.  The demonstrations spread as far as the normally pro-government slums that have been the backbone of the government’s support. There were scattered reports of protestors being killed during clashes with police. The opposition’s acknowledged strategy is to wear the government down by keeping up the pressure until the government caves. Some observers, however, are saying the opposition has no coherent plan beyond bringing down the government through violence. The national oil company, PDVSA, and the government managed to scrape together the $2.2 billion in bond payments which came due last week. It will be interesting to see if the payments came from the dwindling state foreign currency reserve, which is now down to $10 billion, or if the government was able to obtain additional loans from Russia in return for pledging an unknown share of the country’s oil reserves and other assets as collateral. It seems that the Maduro government takes its credit seriously for it would have been easy to declare a default in the midst of the ongoing demonstrations. The government likely fears that a default on its debts would so entangle its financial system that selling oil and importing food would become even. more difficult. The next big test comes in October and November when some $3.5 billion in bond payments comes due. It is difficult to see how Venezuela’s current government and indeed its economy can last that long. 6.  The Briefs In the North Sea, a large oil find has been declared 60 miles west of Shetland, off the north coast of Scotland. It’s being described as the UK’s “largest undeveloped discovery.” The discovery was made by Hurricane Energy, a specialist exploration firm, which announced that its Halifax well had found large amounts of oil. It said it had also successfully undertaken a production test in which oil flowed at an impressive rate. This find may even be connected with a previous discovery nearby (the Lancaster field) and hence be part of one large accumulation of nearly a billion untapped barrels. (4/11) $60 target: Some of OPEC’s biggest oil producers, including Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Iraq, are now targeting $60 a barrel as the level where they want to push crude prices, OPEC officials said, signaling they will support additional production cuts next month. (4/15) Oil majors face a dilemma as crude oil prices recover – how quickly should they seek to replenish reserves? It’s the same question the cyclical oil industry has tackled many times before: go too fast and risk spending too much for little reward, go too slowly and your rivals will be better positioned to grab market share should oil prices rise. New data revealed by a Reuters analysis shows the oil and gas reserves of global majors have fallen sharply. (4/13) Saudi Arabia will begin seeking bids next week from renewable-energy companies to build wind and solar plants with a combined capacity of 700 megawatts as part of the kingdom’s $50 billion program to boost power generation and cut its oil consumption. The energy ministry qualified 27 companies to bid for a 300-megawatt solar plant and 24 firms for a 400-megawatt wind farm. (4/11) In southwestern China, a crude pipeline through its neighbor Myanmar began operations after years of delays, allowing China to receive supplies faster from the Middle East and Africa. The link allows China to import crude from the Middle East and Africa without having to ship through the Straits of Malacca. (4/12) China is considering a suspension of its crude oil exports to its neighbor should North Korea conduct a sixth nuclear test. North Korea depends on China for 90 percent of its crude oil supply, and stopping these will wreak havoc on the dictatorship. (4/14) Australian-based mining giant BHP is the fourth-largest oil producer in the US Gulf of Mexico and the eighth-largest in US shale fields. Last year, BHP pumped the equivalent of 650,000 barrels a day of oil and natural gas. Its US assets alone are so valuable that activist investor Paul Singer urged the company to spin them off — a suggestion BHP rejected Monday, setting the stage for a tussle with the billionaire. (4/11) The US oil rig count climbed another 11 rigs the week of April 14, according Baker Hughes Inc. A majority of the growth occurred in the Permian Basin in Texas and New Mexico. The number of active oil rigs in the United States now stands at 683 – 332 rigs higher than the figure one year ago. Gas rigs declined this week by 3—after five consecutive weeks of growth—bringing the total oil and gas rig count to 847, or 407 more than a year ago today. (4/14) GOM gaining: With two oil fields in the Gulf of Mexico starting production this year, and five on tap for 2018, offshore production is set to increase. Eight new fields in the US GOM started producing oil last year, leading to a high-water mark of 1.6 million b/d, beating the previous record set in 2009 by 44,000 b/d. By January, regional offshore production was up another half million barrels on a daily basis. Since 2014, Wood Mackenzie estimates the average cost to develop deep water projects has dropped more than 20 percent. (4/14) Surging West Texas oil production has pushed the value of the region’s spot crude to its lowest discount to the US oil benchmark in nearly two years, as an exuberant shale industry pumps more to take advantage of higher prices and demand from refiners who have seen supplies cut by top global producers. (4/12) The Texas Railroad Commission issued 1,310 new oil and gas drilling permits to shale producers last month, up from just 511 a year ago. Most of these were issued for the Permian, cementing further its top spot among most desirable drilling destinations in the shale patch. (4/12) In Alaska, January brought a glimpse of the anxious future facing the state’s once-mighty oil pipeline. The 800-mile Trans Alaska Pipeline System was built for extreme conditions. But as the state’s oil production declines, the pipeline faces a new challenge: flows so sluggish operators worry the line may become unusable, cutting off access for hundreds of North Slope oil wells. Alyeska’s technical fixes, such as adding oil heaters up and down the line, should allow the pipeline to keep operating at volumes as low as 300,000 barrels a day, a threshold that could be reached by the middle of the next decade. (4/15) North Dakota crude oil production rose back above the 1 million b/d threshold in February for the first time since November, but output could drop as low as 950,000 b/d in March or April as frozen roads thaw and force the state to impose weight restrictions on service trucks. (4/14) The Dakota Access Pipeline will begin interstate crude oil delivery on May 14, according to a filing with the US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The $3.8 billion, 1,172-mile project runs from western North Dakota to Patoka, Illinois and as currently designed will have a 470,000 barrels per day capacity. (4/14) Gas pipeline boom: US energy firms are scrambling to finish a slew of pipelines that will unleash rich reserves of shale gas in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Ohio as the nation prepares to become one of the world’s top natural gas exporters. The pipelines are expected to boost output from shale fields in the three states by giving producers access to new domestic and international markets. Those states could supply about a third of all US natural gas once the pipeline expansion is complete, up from about 25 percent now. (4/13) ConocoPhillips said on Thursday it would sell natural gas-heavy assets in San Juan basin to privately held Hilcorp Energy Co for about $3 billion. ConocoPhillips has been selling assets to reduce its exposure to profit-sapping natural gas assets and shore up its balance sheet. The assets produced 124,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, about 80 percent of which was natural gas (4/14) Wall Street banks’ growing optimism about the energy industry is the latest boost for US oil and natural gas producers already enjoying higher prices. JPMorgan Chase & Co., Wells Fargo & Co. and Citigroup Inc. said on Thursday in their first-quarter earnings results that rising oil prices have helped them free a combined $370 million they previously set aside to cover bad loans. If the optimism turns into an increase in lending, it would be a boon to shale firms from Texas to North Dakota that rely on borrowed money to finance their drilling and fracking. (4/14) Rules do-over: The Trump administration is moving to rewrite Obama-era rules limiting water pollution from coal-fired power plants. Scott Pruitt, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, sent a letter announcing his decision to a coalition of energy companies that lobbied against the 2015 water pollution regulations. The rule would have required utilities by next year to cut the amounts of toxic heavy metals in the wastewater piped from their plants into rivers and lakes often used as sources of drinking water. (4/15) Florida Senator Bill Nelson pushed bipartisan legislation in 2006 that banned oil drilling in the state waters of the Gulf of Mexico through 2022. A measure introduced in January 2017 calls for an extension of that moratorium for another five years. Nelson’s original bill was enacted in part to ensure the coastal environment in Florida is protected from oil spills. (4/13) $3/gal = pain: The US national average price for a gallon of gasoline would need to move close to $3 before it starts having a negative economic impact. Consumers in some parts of the country, like California, home to about 10 percent of total US gasoline consumption, and big cities like Chicago and New York, are used to high gas prices and would likely have a muted reaction to gas above $3 per gallon. Other parts of the country where public transportation options are limited and gas prices are typically low will likely flinch. (4/14) AAA says the average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline in the US is $2.39, up more than 4 percent, or about 10 cents per gallon, from one month ago. (4/12) Year-to-date US coal production appears to be mirroring last year, which started with a surge at the beginning of the year then dipped through spring as low natural gas prices curtailed coal demand. This year, natural gas prices are higher but coal demand remains low due to more-moderate temperatures. (4/14) In Texas, more than one in four megawatt-hours consumed in March in the Electric Reliability Council of Texas was supplied by wind power, the biggest share ever—25.4%–for renewables in the Lone Star State’s main grid operator. Solar panels are more affordable than ever for US homeowners, and that is bad news for the biggest players in the industry. The price of solar panels dropped by 20% in the past year thanks in part to a global glut of panels and better technology, according to GTM Research, accelerating a shift among homeowners to buy panels rather than lease them, thereby cutting into solar business profits. (4/14) China and EVs: Ford Motor Co. just announced an ambitious electrification strategy for China. The global Mondeo sedan will see the Mondeo Energy plug-in hybrid launched there early next year, followed by an all-electric small SUV a few years later that will go about 280 miles on one charge. The Detroit automaker sees 70 percent of all Ford nameplates coming with an electrified option to China by 2025. (4/14) Methane hydrates: Until now, production of natural gas from methane hydrate has been completely theoretical. But it’s about to get real — with Japanese officials saying that a drill ship is poised to begin commercial testing of a big deposit in the Pacific Ocean off south-central Japan. Officials say this “crucial” step will be completed in April or May. This effort should give the strongest indications yet on whether this unconventional energy source is a go. The test is far from a lock — with a previous flow test of the same Japan project in 2013 having yielded flows of just 700,000 cubic feet per day–far from commercial for this kind of project. (4/12) 14 2 1 4 Tags: geopolitics, oil prices Tom Whipple Tom Whipple is one of the most highly respected analysts of peak oil issues in the United States. A retired 30-year CIA analyst who has been following the peak oil story since 1999, Tom is the editor of the daily Peak Oil News and the weekly Peak Oil Review, both published by the Association for... Related Posts Peak Oil Review – 10 Apr 2017 Peak Oil Review: Mar 20 2017 Saudi Arabia and the war on shale oil that never ended Peak Oil Review – April 3 2017 Raising Interest Rates Can’t End Well! Peak Oil Review – March 6 2017 Peak Oil Review – Mar 27, 2017 Peak Oil Review: March 13 2017 Peak Oil Review: Feb 27, 2017 Follow Us Facebook Twitter YouTube × Recent Articles By Author Peak Oil Review – 10 Apr 2017 By Tom Whipple, originally published by ASPO-USA April 11, 2017 Peak Oil Review – April 3 2017 By Tom Whipple, originally published by ASPO-USA April 3, 2017 Peak Oil Review – Mar 27, 2017 By Tom Whipple, originally published by ASPO - USA March 27, 2017 Peak Oil Review: Mar 20 2017 By Tom Whipple, originally published by ASPO-USA March 20, 2017 Peak Oil Review: March 13 2017 By Tom Whipple, originally published by ASPO - USA March 13, 2017 Resilience is a program of Post Carbon Institute, a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping the world transition away from fossil fuels and build sustainable, resilient communities. Content on this site is subject to our fair use notice. About us Contact Donate RSS feeds News Archive ×Close Filter by Audio Video All content Search
