Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York Wildenstein scores $90M to refi UES townhouse JPMorgan Chase is the lender on the five-story building at 740 Madison By Miriam Hall | April 21, 2017 06:32PM 740 Madison Avenue and David Wildenstein (Credit: Getty Images) Wildenstein & Company locked down $90 million to refinance its Upper East Side townhouse thats leased out to luxury brand Bottega Veneta, according to property records filed with the city Friday. JPMorgan Chase is the lender on the five-story building at 740 Madison Avenue. The financing consolidates a new $55 million mortgage and $35 million in existing debt on the 37,429-square-foot property, records show. In 2014, Bottega Veneta signed a lease to take a 24,000-square-foot store created out of three landmarked townhouses at 740 Madison Avenue, 23 and 25 East 64th Street. The rent was estimated to be $8 million at the time. The parcels at 23 and 25 East 64th Street, as well as 740 Madison Avenue, are owned by the same entity, 740 Madison SPE LLC. The loan is backed by the corner property only. The townhouse is on the same block as 19 East 64th Street, which David Wildenstein sold for a record $79.5 million to an affiliate of HNA Holdings, the company behind the $2.2 billion deal to buy 245 Park Avenue. The company is reportedly planning to turn the former home into a boutique corporate office. Representatives for JPMorgan Chase and Wildenstein & Co were not immediately available for comment. Chava Gourarie contributed to reporting. Tags: Commercial Real Estate, retail, upper east side Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular Mansfield Hotel facing foreclosure Dubai-based brokerage Greenstone sues Mack Real Estate over fees from $100M Saudi Aramco investment Isaac Kassirer sells six-building Bronx portfolio to Pistilli Realty for $39M Acadia, Washington Sq. Partners put City Point building on the market NYCHA picks developers for two Bronx affordable housing projects More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Feature It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks After a postelection run-up, bank stocks have fallen back to earth. Bank of America and others look like buys. By Andrew Bary Biography April 21, 2017 11:56 p.m. ET It took a 10% pullback, but bank stocks look attractive once again. The six majors—Bank of America (ticker: BAC), Citigroup (C), Goldman Sachs Group (GS), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Morgan Stanley (MS), and Wells Fargo (WFC)—trade for an average of 12 times projected 2017 earnings and 11 times estimated 2018 earnings (see table). That’s a nice... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Morningstar’s New Gambit: Opportunity, Controversy Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Top Hedge Fund’s Unusual Value Stock Picks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Lampert’s Seritage Play Could Lead to Big Gains Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Drugmaker Sarepta’s Stock Could Double Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar 2 BofA CEO on Economy, Bank, the Environment 3 Will Kate Spade Sell? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 158,399 Shares of Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Boothbay Fund Management LLC CAMG Solamere Management LLC Acquires Shares of 8,282 Procter & Gamble Co (PG) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Rio Tinto plc Reduced by Jefferies Group (RIO) Q1 2018 Earnings Forecast for Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Q3 2018 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Lifted by Analyst (SWN) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $606,000 Stake in CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $287,000 Position in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $290,000 Position in tronc Inc (TRNC) Danaher Co. (DHR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BTIG Research Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) Boosted by Northcoast Research Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Boosted by DA Davidson William Blair Weighs in on Biogen Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (BIIB) Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $2.94 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Position Lowered by Public Sector Pension Investment Board Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Buys 280 Shares of Caesars Entertainment Corp (CZR) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Boothbay Fund Management LLC April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Boothbay Fund Management LLC cut its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 51.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 2,376 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 2,568 shares during the period. Boothbay Fund Management LLC’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $205,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 19.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 96,587,143 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $8,334,505,000 after buying an additional 15,715,835 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 169,177,566 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $14,598,334,000 after buying an additional 11,844,085 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $654,210,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 1,138.7% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 6,754,863 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $582,667,000 after buying an additional 6,209,530 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Standard Life Investments LTD boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 31.8% in the third quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD now owns 8,151,428 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $542,763,000 after buying an additional 1,965,144 shares during the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 84.52 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $88.24 and a 200 day moving average price of $82.67. The stock has a market capitalization of $300.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.01 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52 week low of $57.05 and a 52 week high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The business had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.35 earnings per share. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.58 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a dividend of $0.50 per share. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.37%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This is a positive change from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-shares-sold-by-boothbay-fund-management-llc.html. JPM has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Vetr raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $84.31 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, December 26th. Zacks Investment Research raised JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Citigroup Inc set a $85.00 price target on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, CLSA reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $79.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating, eighteen have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $79.03. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, Director James S. Crown acquired 11,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $85.48 per share, for a total transaction of $983,020.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 299,862 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $25,632,203.76. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total value of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 329,019 shares in the company, valued at approximately $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Unitil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unitil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Clark Estates Inc. NY Has $317,000 Position in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) James Investment Research Inc. Acquires Shares of 102,100 Unitil Co. (UTL) Anthem’s (ANTM) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Sarepta Therapeutics’ (SRPT) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Robert W. Baird Philip Morris International’s (PM) Buy Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus Alphabet’s (GOOG) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Pacific Crest CIGNA Co. (CI) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Bristol-Myers Squibb’s (BMY) Market Perform Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Monarch Capital Management Inc. Has $1.628 Million Stake in PPL Corp (PPL) Diversified Trust Co Decreases Stake in Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Wagner Bowman Management Corp Has $577,000 Stake in Exelon Co. (EXC) Diversified Trust Co Raises Position in LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Diversified Trust Co Has $292,000 Position in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Shares Bought by Wagner Bowman Management Corp Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV Has $681,000 Stake in Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Clark Estates Inc. NY Has $3,335,000 Stake in HP Inc (HPQ) Nippon Life Insurance Co. Boosts Position in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Raub Brock Capital Management LP Buys 22,184 Shares of Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Monarch Capital Management Inc. Buys 365 Shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Sold by Nippon Life Insurance Co. James Investment Research Inc. Acquires Shares of 102,100 Unitil Co. (UTL) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet James Investment Research Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Unitil Co. (NYSE:UTL) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor acquired 102,100 shares of the utilities provider’s stock, valued at approximately $4,598,000. James Investment Research Inc. owned about 0.73% of Unitil as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of UTL. Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC raised its position in Unitil by 13.0% in the third quarter. Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC now owns 115,410 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $4,508,000 after buying an additional 13,300 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Unitil by 14.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 134,684 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $5,261,000 after buying an additional 16,532 shares during the period. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC raised its position in Unitil by 7.7% in the fourth quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC now owns 906,244 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $41,089,000 after buying an additional 64,461 shares during the period. Horizon Investment Services LLC raised its position in Unitil by 6.1% in the third quarter. Horizon Investment Services LLC now owns 17,779 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $694,000 after buying an additional 1,019 shares during the period. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in Unitil during the fourth quarter worth $7,415,000. 59.95% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Unitil Co. (NYSE:UTL) traded up 0.98% on Friday, reaching $46.44. The company had a trading volume of 32,436 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $44.93 and its 200-day moving average is $43.60. Unitil Co. has a 52 week low of $37.31 and a 52 week high of $46.98. The company has a market capitalization of $653.23 million, a P/E ratio of 23.99 and a beta of 0.17. Unitil (NYSE:UTL) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The utilities provider reported $0.73 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.72 by $0.01. Unitil had a net margin of 7.10% and a return on equity of 9.36%. The company had revenue of $104.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $105.80 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.67 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Unitil Co. will post $2.05 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “James Investment Research Inc. Acquires Shares of 102,100 Unitil Co. (UTL)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/james-investment-research-inc-acquires-shares-of-102100-unitil-co-utl.html. A number of research analysts recently weighed in on UTL shares. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $44.00 price objective on shares of Unitil in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Unitil from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 27th. About Unitil Unitil Corporation is a public utility holding company. The Company’s principal business is the local distribution of electricity in the southeastern seacoast and state capital regions of New Hampshire and the greater Fitchburg area of north central Massachusetts and the local distribution of natural gas in southeastern New Hampshire, portions of southern Maine to the Lewiston-Auburn area and in the greater Fitchburg area of north central Massachusetts. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UTL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Unitil Co. (NYSE:UTL). Receive News & Ratings for Unitil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unitil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Movado Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Movado Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) Short Interest Update Movado Group, Inc (MOV) Short Interest Up 53.9% in March Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $4.119 Million Position in China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) Macquarie Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Macquarie Group Ltd. Cuts Position in Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) Force Capital Management LLC Has $6.618 Million Position in Visa Inc (V) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $718,000 Stake in Visa Inc (V) Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Has $13.803 Million Position in TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Position Cut by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 19,411 Shares of Twitter Inc (TWTR) Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 41,279 Shares of Pandora Media Inc (P) M Holdings Securities Inc. Raises Stake in Home Depot Inc (HD) HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Increases Stake in Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 23,534 Shares of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Grp, Inc. (SMFG) Norges Bank Invests $10.913 Million in Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 549,510 Oritani Financial Corp. (ORIT) Norges Bank Takes Position in Newpark Resources Inc (NR) Movado Group, Inc (MOV) Short Interest Up 53.9% in March April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Movado Group, Inc (NYSE:MOV) was the recipient of a large growth in short interest during the month of March. As of March 31st, there was short interest totalling 1,186,931 shares, a growth of 53.9% from the March 15th total of 771,224 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 273,331 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 4.3 days. Approximately 7.7% of the shares of the company are short sold. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Movado Group by 6.4% in the third quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 16,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $359,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. California Public Employees Retirement System boosted its position in Movado Group by 9.9% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 54,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,166,000 after buying an additional 4,900 shares during the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Movado Group by 730.9% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 15,388 shares of the company’s stock valued at $331,000 after buying an additional 13,536 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Movado Group by 3.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 640,271 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,752,000 after buying an additional 19,142 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its position in Movado Group by 1.1% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 5,720 shares of the company’s stock valued at $123,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 63.35% of the company’s stock. Movado Group (NYSE:MOV) opened at 23.75 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $23.51 and its 200-day moving average is $25.38. Movado Group has a 52-week low of $19.14 and a 52-week high of $31.95. The stock has a market capitalization of $545.09 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.73 and a beta of 0.47. Movado Group (NYSE:MOV) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, March 20th. The company reported $0.22 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.01. Movado Group had a return on equity of 8.97% and a net margin of 6.67%. The company had revenue of $130.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $137.11 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.40 EPS. Movado Group’s revenue for the quarter was down 8.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Movado Group will post $1.43 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st were paid a dividend of $0.13 per share. This represents a $0.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.19%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. Movado Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 32.10%. Several equities analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Movado Group from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Sidoti raised shares of Movado Group from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $34.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Cowen and Company decreased their price objective on shares of Movado Group from $27.00 to $25.00 and set a “market perform” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, TheStreet lowered shares of Movado Group from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/movado-group-inc-mov-short-interest-up-53-9-in-march.html. About Movado Group Movado Group, Inc designs, sources, markets and distributes watches. The Company operates through two segments: Wholesale and Retail. The Wholesale segment includes the design, development, sourcing, marketing and distribution of watches, and after-sales service activities and shipping. It sells all of its brands to jewelry store chains and department stores, as well as independent jewelers. Receive News & Ratings for Movado Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Movado Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Oritani Financial Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oritani Financial Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Norges Bank Invests $10.913 Million in Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 549,510 Oritani Financial Corp. (ORIT) Norges Bank Takes Position in Newpark Resources Inc (NR) Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) Short Interest Update Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class A (OSG) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest Arrowstreet Capital Limited Partnership Invests $477,000 in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Empire Life Investments Inc. Acquires New Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Hanson & Doremus Investment Management Lowers Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) AT&T Inc. (T) is Santa Barbara Asset Management LLC’s 7th Largest Position 2,757,331 Shares in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Acquired by Norges Bank Almanack Investment Partners LLC. Invests $213,000 in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Takes Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) 310 Shares in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Acquired by Hartree Partners LP Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by United Capital Financial Advisers LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 158,399 Shares of Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Shares Sold by Boothbay Fund Management LLC CAMG Solamere Management LLC Acquires Shares of 8,282 Procter & Gamble Co (PG) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Rio Tinto plc Reduced by Jefferies Group (RIO) Q1 2018 Earnings Forecast for Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Q3 2018 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Lifted by Analyst (SWN) Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 549,510 Oritani Financial Corp. (ORIT) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Oritani Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:ORIT) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor acquired 549,510 shares of the bank’s stock, valued at approximately $10,303,000. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Oritani Financial Corp. by 7.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,618,903 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $41,169,000 after buying an additional 175,568 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in Oritani Financial Corp. by 3.6% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,537,932 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $47,586,000 after buying an additional 88,210 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its position in Oritani Financial Corp. by 14.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,080,196 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $20,254,000 after buying an additional 135,240 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in Oritani Financial Corp. by 2.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 580,941 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $9,132,000 after buying an additional 14,829 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Oritani Financial Corp. by 14.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 495,097 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $7,783,000 after buying an additional 62,712 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 59.78% of the company’s stock. Oritani Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:ORIT) opened at 16.95 on Friday. Oritani Financial Corp. has a 12-month low of $15.27 and a 12-month high of $19.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $16.80 and a 200 day moving average of $17.04. The company has a market capitalization of $729.24 million, a PE ratio of 16.44 and a beta of 0.48. Oritani Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:ORIT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 24th. The bank reported $0.26 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.02. The firm earned $27.41 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $27.10 million. Oritani Financial Corp. had a net margin of 29.47% and a return on equity of 8.28%. On average, equities research analysts predict that Oritani Financial Corp. will post $0.96 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 549,510 Oritani Financial Corp. (ORIT)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/norges-bank-purchases-shares-of-549510-oritani-financial-corp-orit.html. About Oritani Financial Corp. Oritani Financial Corp. is a holding company for Oritani Bank (the Bank). The Bank offers a range of retail and commercial loan and deposit products. The Bank operates in the New Jersey Counties of Bergen, Hudson, Essex and Passaic. The Bank’s loan portfolio includes residential loans, residential commercial real estate loans, credit or grocery retail commercial real estate loans, other commercial real estate loans, and construction and land loans. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ORIT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Oritani Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:ORIT). Receive News & Ratings for Oritani Financial Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oritani Financial Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Analysts See These 5 Top Tech Companies Beating Earnings Estimates By Lee Jackson April 22, 2017 9:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet With earnings starting to really pick up last week, and a market that seems to be teetering somewhat due to high valuations and some messy geopolitical issues, it makes sense now to look for companies that are candidates to beat the current expectations. The only thing better than beating expectations is beating them and adding some positive forward guidance for the second quarter and/or the full year. We screened some recent reports from our Wall Street research database and some recent 24/7 Wall St. posts for companies that top analysts on Wall Street think are candidates to beat expectations. These stocks make good sense for growth portfolios that have some risk tolerance. Here are five top tech companies that may beat earnings expectations. Apple This technology giant has been on a huge run, continues printing all-time highs and is the top large cap pick at RBC. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984, and it is among the leaders in the world in innovation with the iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services, including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. RBC thinks the iPhone 8 opportunities are solid, as the firm, like others, feels the product will have significant upgrades. Toss in the easier comparisons and the strong average selling prices, and the new phone is a distinct positive. While the firm does note higher commodity prices are a potential headwind from NAND and DRAM pricing, it sees service growth and acceleration as another distinct positive. Apple investors receive a 1.6% dividend. The RBC price target for the stock is $157, and the Wall Street consensus target is $147.61. The stock closed trading on Friday at $142.27, and Apple is scheduled to report earnings on May 2. Arris International This stock has been an RBC favorite for some time and is the top small cap pick. Arris International PLC (NASDAQ: ARRS) provides media entertainment and data communications solutions in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments. The Customer Premises Equipment segment offers various product solutions, including set-top boxes, gateways, digital subscriber lines and cable modems, and embedded multimedia terminal adapters and voice/data modems that enable service providers to offer voice, video and high-speed data services to residential and business subscribers. The Network & Cloud segment provides cable modem termination system, converged cable access platform, multichannel video programming distributors, programmer equipment, ad insertion technologies and equipment in the ground or on transmission poles, as well as equipment used to initiate the distribution of content-carrying signals. The $33 RBC price target is in line with the consensus target of $33.13. Shares closed most recently at $25.51. The earnings report is due on May 3. Lumentum This top company looks to benefit big-time from the Facebook Voyager project. Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: LITE) manufactures and sells optical and photonic products in the Americas, the Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. It operates in two segments, Optical Communications and Commercial Lasers. The analysts at JPMorgan are very bullish on the company as it is working on several handset original equipment manufacturers for 3D sensing, and the CEO recently said he could see $100 million or more a quarter growing up to a $1 billion opportunity annually (last 12 month revenues were about $1 billion), which many believe could drive upside to current estimates. JPMorgan has set its price target at $54, and the consensus target is $49.35. The stock closed most recently at $45.20. The company is expected to share its results on May 3. Viavi Solutions This smaller capitalization company has solid upside potential. Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ: VIAV) is a global provider of network test, monitoring and assurance solutions to communications service providers, enterprises and their ecosystems, supported by a worldwide channel community, including Viavi Velocity Solution Partners. The company delivers end-to-end visibility across physical, virtual and hybrid networks, enabling customers to optimize connectivity, quality of experience and profitability. Viavi is also a leader in high-performance thin film optical coatings, providing light management solutions to anti-counterfeiting, consumer electronics, automotive, defense and instrumentation markets. The JPMorgan analysts noted this in a recent report: We continue to see material upside to Viavi’s earnings from 3D sensing in the new iPhone as well as ongoing restructuring. We also believe accretive consolidation deals are a possibility. The $13 JPMorgan price target compares with the posted consensus target of $10.56. The stock closed Friday at $9.90 per share. The company is scheduled to report its fiscal third-quarter results on May 3. Western Digital This long-time innovator in the storage industry is a leader in the total addressable hard disk drive (HDD) market, and it posted a very positive earnings pre-announcement earlier this week. Western Digital Corp. (NASDAQ: WDC) is an industry-leading developer and manufacturer of storage solutions that help to create, manage, experience and preserve digital content. Western Digital is responding to changing market needs by providing a full portfolio of compelling, high-quality storage products with effective technology deployment, high efficiency, flexibility and speed. Its products are marketed under the HGST and WD brands to original equipment manufacturers, distributors, resellers, cloud infrastructure providers and consumers. The most compelling news for 2017 and beyond is that the company made a stunning $19 billion purchase of SanDisk last year. This could be a strong addition to Western Digital’s current offerings, and the company could significantly benefit from SanDisk’s technology and portfolio leadership in the NAND flash semiconductor and enterprise flash systems market. Shareholders are paid a solid 2.4% dividend. RBC has a $96 price target, and the consensus price objective is $93.37. Shares closed Friday at $83.11. The company is scheduled to report on Thursday. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   Earnings at these five top tech companies could very well come in above consensus estimates. Given that reports are a binary event, investors may want to buy partial positions, just in the event of an earnings hiccup. By Lee Jackson « Could Verizon Be a Time Inc. Bidder? Oppenheimer Remains Cautious Ahead of Under Armour Earnings » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, Earnings, featured, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Arris Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARRS), Western Digital Corp. (NASDAQ:WDC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Youngest County in Every State 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time Recent Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Marijuana News Roundup: Legal Pot Could Save $1 Billion in Medicaid Expenses Alphabet, Amazon, AT&T and Other Key Earnings Coming This Week Boeing, Microsoft and Other Top Dow Earnings to Watch For This Week Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Aren’t Higher Interest Rates Helping Citigroup? How Much Social Security Will I Get? 3 Stocks to Buy and Never Sell Gold prices tumble $12.20, or 1%, to $1,277 an ounce S&P 500 futures up 18.85 points, or 0.8%, to 2,366.50 S&P 500 futures up 45 points, or 0.8%, to 5,487 ETFs for a Green Portfolio on Earth Day ETFs in Focus After Verizon's Downbeat Q1 Results Earnings Growth Accelerates in Q1 Euro jumps, shares firm on French election relief Tesla’s big Model 3 bet rides on risky assembly line strategy U.S. Chamber of Commerce chief expects basic NAFTA deal by mid-2018 Luxury Retailer Jimmy Choo Puts Itself Up For Sale France's CAC 40 Set to Lead European Stocks Higher Becton Dickinson to Acquire Bard for $24B Golf Balls In Hash Browns Prompt Food Recall Americans Would Pay $17.2 Billion To Prevent Another Deepwater Horizon Disaster American Airlines Suspends Worker After Ugly Confrontation In Which A Mom Was Allegedly Hit In The Face Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Bank Financial Comments on Copper Mountain Mining Co..’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CUM) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Capstone Mining Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CS) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sanofi SA’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNY) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Endeavour Silver Corp Decreased by Analyst (EDR) Arizona Mining Inc (AZ) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Outperform Rating for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Cardinal Energy Ltd (CJ) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Bank of Nova Scotia’s (BNS) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Cut to “C” at TheStreet Western Digital Corp (WDC) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy CSS Industries Inc (CSS) Raised to B at TheStreet Vetr Inc. Downgrades iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) to Hold Mastercard Inc (MA) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Upgraded to “B” at TheStreet Analysts Offer Predictions for Lundin Mining Co.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (LUN) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Surge Energy Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SGY) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Washington Federal Inc. (WAFD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $120.35 Million Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $3.5 Million Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sanofi SA’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNY) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) – Jefferies Group issued their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for shares of Sanofi SA in a research report issued on Thursday. Jefferies Group analyst J. Holford expects that the company will post earnings per share of $0.78 for the quarter. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.67 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $8.88 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.87 billion. Sanofi SA had a return on equity of 26.37% and a net margin of 13.66%. Sanofi SA’s revenue was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. WARNING: “Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sanofi SA’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNY)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/brokers-issue-forecasts-for-sanofi-sas-q1-2017-earnings-sny.html. A number of other brokerages have also commented on SNY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. HSBC Holdings plc lowered shares of Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Argus began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Thursday, April 6th. They set a “buy” rating and a $50.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Barclays PLC began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. They set an “underweight” rating on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $62.75. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) opened at 44.09 on Monday. Sanofi SA has a one year low of $36.81 and a one year high of $45.95. The firm has a market capitalization of $111.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.87 and a beta of 0.98. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $44.60 and a 200 day moving average price of $41.33. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in SNY. Argentus Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 2.5% in the third quarter. Argentus Capital Management LLC now owns 13,673 shares of the company’s stock worth $522,000 after buying an additional 335 shares in the last quarter. Oxbow Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 0.3% in the third quarter. Oxbow Advisors LLC now owns 84,015 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,210,000 after buying an additional 220 shares in the last quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 5.1% in the third quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. now owns 268,709 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,262,000 after buying an additional 12,996 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 30.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,973,784 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,760,000 after buying an additional 938,683 shares in the last quarter. Finally, World Asset Management Inc increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 7.4% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 127,983 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,888,000 after buying an additional 8,778 shares in the last quarter. 9.63% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The company also recently announced an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a dividend of $1.5771 per share. This represents a yield of 3.65%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is an increase from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. Sanofi SA’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 54.90%. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact World Internet will bring decades of pain: Jack Ma In-depth Zuma’s survival plan: keep power in family Home In-depth Jerm News Opinion Adii Pienaar Adrian Schofield Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Brown Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Brandon Purcell Brett Parker Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis James Selfe Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Leon Louw Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Luke Muller Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Crail Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Saki Missaikos Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral TechCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Sony surges on strong profit outlook Sony shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company’s better-than-projected preliminary earnings boosted analyst confidence in its ability to hit the highest profit levels in almost two decades. By Yuji Nakamura and Takako Taniguchi. Added by Editor on 24 April 2017. Saved under Top, World Tags: Sony Tweet Sony shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company’s better-than-projected preliminary earnings boosted analyst confidence in its ability to hit the highest profit levels in almost two decades. The Tokyo-based company rose as much as 4,6% in early Tokyo trading, headed for its biggest jump since 3 February. Sony reported preliminary operating profit of ¥285bn (US$2,6bn) for the fiscal year to March 2017, 19% higher than its previous forecast, according to a statement on Friday after the close. It also said net income would be about ¥73bn, more than twice the previous forecast. That triggered JPMorgan Chase & Co to upgrade its rating on the stock to overweight from neutral, while analysts from Goldman Sachs to Credit Suisse reiterated bullish outlooks. They say that the previous fiscal year’s firm results indicate Sony can achieve operating profit of ¥500bn, which would be the highest level since 1998. “In fundamental terms, the fact that earnings have become more resilient to swings in the macroeconomic environment (excluding one-off factors such as earthquakes) is a result of improvement in business management capabilities,” Kenichi Saita, an analyst at Mizuho Securities, wrote in a report to clients. The positive results for the previous period mark the second straight year operating profit has topped $2bn, the longest such streak since 2001. The company cited strong performance across most businesses and cost savings in its insurance unit. Its chips division also saw lower expenses after a faster-than-expected recovery from last year’s earthquake in western Japan. “This will strengthen the market’s confidence going into the next fiscal year,” said Kazunori Ito, an analyst at Morningstar Investment Services. “Despite the strengthening yen, the fact that chips were mentioned in this release means they probably contributed quite a lot to this upward revision.” Analysts now turn their attention to 28 April, when Sony is expected to announce its forecast for the 12-month period that began this month. Goldman’s Masaru Sugiyama said the company is likely to announce operating profit target of at least ¥500bn. The 1998 profit was driven by the original PlayStation console, which solidified Sony as a home gaming force with hits like Metal Gear Solid and Parasite Eve, and its movie division, which churned out blockbusters like Men in Black.  — (c) 2017 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 15DSL dead within five years: Vox CEO 7Gigaba aide calls for nationalisation 6Biometric bank cards coming to SA 5MTN accountant up on fraud charges 3Commission won’t prosecute Vodacom, MTN Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg Sony Surges as Analysts Say Profit May Reach Highest Since 1998 by Yuji Nakamura @ynakamura56 More stories by Yuji Nakamura and Takako Taniguchi More stories by Takako Taniguchi April 23, 2017, 8:39 PM EDT Operating profit tops $2 billion for second year in a row Analysts expect $4.5 billion profit target, highest since 1998 Sony Corp. shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company’s better-than-projected preliminary earnings boosted analyst confidence in its ability to hit the highest profit levels in almost two decades. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up The Tokyo-based company rose as much as 4.6 percent in early Tokyo trading, headed for its biggest jump since Feb. 3. Sony reported preliminary operating profit of 285 billion yen ($2.6 billion) for the fiscal year through March 2017, 19 percent higher than its previous forecast, according to a statement Friday after the close. It also said net income would be about 73 billion yen, more than twice the previous forecast. That triggered JPMorgan Chase & Co. to upgrade its rating on the stock to overweight from neutral, while analysts from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated bullish outlooks. They say that the previous fiscal year’s firm results indicate Sony can achieve operating profit of 500 billion yen, which would be the highest level since 1998. “In fundamental terms, the fact that earnings have become more resilient to swings in the macroeconomic environment (excluding one-off factors such as earthquakes) is a result of improvement in business management capabilities,” Kenichi Saita, an analyst at Mizuho Securities Co., wrote in a report to clients. The positive results for the previous period mark the second straight year operating profit has topped $2 billion, the longest such streak since 2001. The company cited strong performance across most businesses and cost-savings in its insurance unit. Its chips division also saw lower expenses after a faster-than-expected recovery from last year’s earthquake in western Japan. “This will strengthen the market’s confidence going into the next fiscal year,” said Kazunori Ito, an analyst at Morningstar Investment Services. “Despite the strengthening yen, the fact that chips were mentioned in this release means they probably contributed quite a lot to this upward revision.” Analysts now turn their attention to April 28, when Sony is expected to announce its forecast for the 12-month period that began this month. Goldman’s Masaru Sugiyama said the company is likely to announce operating profit target of at least 500 billion yen. The 1998 profit was driven by the original PlayStation console, which solidified Sony as a home gaming force with hits like "Metal Gear Solid" and "Parasite Eve," and its movie division, which churned out blockbusters like "Men in Black." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy French Bonds Surge, Euro Climbs as Macron, Le Pen Win Elections A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Space May Be Next Frontier for Earth's Crude Oil Giants: Analyst Israel Strikes Weapons Depot in Southern Syria, Al Jazeera Says Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, April 24, 2017 2:52 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 30°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Sony surges as analysts say profit may reach highest since 1998 Monday April 24, 2017 11:40 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Alibaba’s Jack Ma sees decades of pain as internet upends old economy The Edit: Erin Moran of 70s hit sitcom ‘Happy Days’ found dead The Edit: Spending time and making memories with kids The Edit: 16 Paris restaurants to try Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Tokyo-based company rose as much as 4.6 per cent in early Tokyo trading, headed for its biggest jump since February 3. — Reuters picTOKYO, April 24 — Sony Corp shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company’s better-than-projected preliminary earnings boosted analyst confidence in its ability to hit the highest profit levels in almost two decades. The Tokyo-based company rose as much as 4.6 per cent in early Tokyo trading, headed for its biggest jump since Feb. 3. Sony reported preliminary operating profit of 285 billion yen (RM11.39 billion) for the fiscal year through March 2017, 19 per cent higher than its previous forecast, according to a statement Friday after the close. It also said net income would be about 73 billion yen, more than twice the previous forecast. That triggered JPMorgan Chase & Co to upgrade its rating on the stock to overweight from neutral, while analysts from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated bullish outlooks. They say that the previous fiscal year’s firm results indicate Sony can achieve operating profit of 500 billion yen, which would be the highest level since 1998. “In fundamental terms, the fact that earnings have become more resilient to swings in the macroeconomic environment (excluding one-off factors such as earthquakes) is a result of improvement in business management capabilities,” Kenichi Saita, an analyst at Mizuho Securities Co, wrote in a report to clients. The positive results for the previous period mark the second straight year operating profit has topped US$2 billion (RM8.8 billion), the longest such streak since 2001. The company cited strong performance across most businesses and cost-savings in its insurance unit. Its chips division also saw lower expenses after a faster-than-expected recovery from last year’s earthquake in western Japan. “This will strengthen the market’s confidence going into the next fiscal year,” said Kazunori Ito, an analyst at Morningstar Investment Services. “Despite the strengthening yen, the fact that chips were mentioned in this release means they probably contributed quite a lot to this upward revision.” Analysts now turn their attention to April 28, when Sony is expected to announce its forecast for the 12-month period that began this month. Goldman’s Masaru Sugiyama said the company is likely to announce operating profit target of at least 500 billion yen. The 1998 profit was driven by the original PlayStation console, which solidified Sony as a home gaming force with hits like “Metal Gear Solid” and “Parasite Eve,” and its movie division, which churned out blockbusters like “Men in Black.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week China cools growth in wealth products worth trillions of dollars Sony surges as analysts say profit may reach highest since 1998 Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Euro rises sharply after first round of French election Petronas denies selling stake in US$1b Miri offshore project Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years Petronas denies selling stake in US$1b Miri offshore project MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion Malaysia March inflation at highest in eight years, but below forecast Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: N. Korea says ready to sink US aircraft carrier New teaser for ‘Kingsman: The Golden Circle’ Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Aren’t Higher Interest Rates Helping Citigroup? Despite higher interest rates, Citigroup’s net interest margin fell in the first quarter. Motley Fool Staff Apr 23, 2017 at 9:11PM As interest rates continue to head higher, banks should earn more money from net interest income. Yet, even though the Federal Reserve has raised rates twice since the beginning of December, Citigroup's (NYSE:C) net interest margin fell in the first quarter, meaning that it generated a lower net yield from its portfolio of interest-earning assets this year than it did in the first quarter of 2016. In the segment below of Industry Focus: Financials, The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and John Maxfield explain why Citigroup is bucking this trend. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 17, 2017. Gaby Lapera: Even though JPMorgan and Citi did generally well, Citi's net interest margin went down. Can you talk a little bit about that? John Maxfield: Yeah, and I'm really glad you brought that up. One of the narratives in the banking industry right now is that banks are going to earn a lot more money as interest rates continue to go up. Since the financial crisis, interest rates have been really low. But in December of 2015, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates by 25 basis points. They did so again in December of last year and did so again one more time in March of this year. When interest rates go up, that means it costs more to borrow. And because the principal product that commercial banks in particular sell are loans, if the prices of those loans go up, that translates into higher revenue. What we're seeing with Citigroup, and we're going to see a lot of that with Bank of America when it reports earnings tomorrow and throughout the year, because it's come out and said, "Look, on a quarterly basis, just because of that 25 basis points," that's a 0.25% increase in the fed funds rate, which is the rate that banks lend money, the reserves that are held at the Federal Reserve, if they have excess reserves held there, they lend those reserves out on an overnight basis to other banks that need more liquidity. So as that has gone up, Bank of America is going to make all this additional money. But here's the thing. In Citigroup's case, and JPMorgan Chase is seeing the same thing, and other banks are expected to see that, too, but Citigroup didn't see that, and the reason is because it is still dealing with a lot of churn on its balance sheet related to toxic assets that date back to the financial crisis. So there's all this other noise in the numbers that is disguising the positive impact of higher interest rates on Citigroup's bottom line. Lapera: Yeah. I will say, it's 2017, it's been a while. You would think they would have sorted through this a little bit quicker, and I think that speaks to the complex structure that Citibank has, that it's so difficult for them to unload these assets, with the regulations on them. But hopefully we see a little bit more hustle on that. Maxfield: It also speaks to the magnitude of the issues that Citi ran into in the financial crisis. It has taken a long time to work through these things. The other bank that had a similar thing was Bank of America, and it really didn't turn the corner until two years ago. So Citigroup is just a little behind it, but it eventually will turn the corner, and you'll see that in the bottom-line numbers. Lapera: Yeah, eventually, one day, hopefully.  Gaby Lapera owns shares of JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Apr 23, 2017 at 9:11PM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $57.72 down $0.69 (-1.18%) Read More Here's Why Ocwen Financial Corp. Plunged Today This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report 3 Times Donald Trump Moved the Market This Month Warren Buffett Is Earning $6,731 in Dividend Income Per Minute This Quarter How Wells Fargo & Company Makes Most of Its Money Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Aren’t Higher Interest Rates Helping Citigroup? @themotleyfool #stocks $C
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hologic (HOLX) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Halcon Resources (HK) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Entravision Communication (EVC) Stock Price Northgate plc (NTG) Receives GBX 551.14 Average Target Price from Analysts TransCanada Co. (TRP) Receives C$69.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Brokerages Set Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) PT at $9.69 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Analysts Anticipate AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) to Announce -$0.28 EPS Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Fortress Investment Group (FIG) Share Price Numerex Corp. (NMRX) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Aviva plc (AV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Netflix (NFLX) Share Price General Mills (GIS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Potlatch (PCH) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Analysts Set Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Price Target at $43.75 Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Fenner plc (FENR) Price Target at $244.33 Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Hilton Worldwide Holdings (NYSE:HLT) have been trending positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Hilton Worldwide Holdings earned a media sentiment score of 0.31 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news headlines about the company an impact score of 50 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is somewhat likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: The Bp Plc Buys New Position in Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (HLT) (nyhetsbanken.info) Lodging: HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. (NYSE:HLT) Position of the day (latribunadecanarias.com) Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) Watertown’s $400M Arsenal Yards project will include a new hotel (finance.yahoo.com) Hilton Worldwide : Appoints Area President for Greater China and Mongolia (4-traders.com) HLT has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings from a “strong-buy” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Sanford C. Bernstein raised shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $66.00 price target on shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Evercore ISI downgraded shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $61.00 price target on shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $73.60. Shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings (NYSE:HLT) traded down 0.42% on Friday, reaching $57.35. 1,197,906 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Hilton Worldwide Holdings has a 52 week low of $41.55 and a 52 week high of $60.49. The company’s 50-day moving average is $57.45 and its 200-day moving average is $54.33. The firm has a market capitalization of $18.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 54.62 and a beta of 1.33. Hilton Worldwide Holdings (NYSE:HLT) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $0.70 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.05. Hilton Worldwide Holdings had a net margin of 13.35% and a return on equity of 13.84%. The business had revenue of $2.92 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.91 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.22 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 2.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Hilton Worldwide Holdings will post $1.74 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th were issued a $0.15 dividend. This is a positive change from Hilton Worldwide Holdings’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.07. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.05%. Hilton Worldwide Holdings’s dividend payout ratio is presently 17.95%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/hilton-worldwide-holdings-hlt-earns-coverage-optimism-score-of-0-31.html. About Hilton Worldwide Holdings Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc is a hospitality company. The Company is engaged in owning, leasing, managing and franchising hotels and resorts. The Company’s segments include ownership, and management and franchise. Its global portfolio of owned and leased properties includes a range of hotels in gateway cities, such as New York City, London, San Francisco, Chicago, Sao Paolo and Tokyo. Receive News & Ratings for Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aviva plc (AV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Netflix (NFLX) Share Price General Mills (GIS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Potlatch (PCH) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Analysts Set Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Price Target at $43.75 Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Fenner plc (FENR) Price Target at $244.33 Zacks: Ampliphi Biosciences Corp (APHB) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Simon Property Group (SPG) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 Whitbread (WTBCY) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.27 Billion Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) Stock Price Hibbett Sports (HIBB) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.12 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect General Dynamics (GD) Stock Price JD.Com (JD) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aviva plc (AV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Aviva plc (LON:AV) have been given an average recommendation of “Hold” by the eighteen research firms that are presently covering the firm. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have issued a hold recommendation and nine have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1-year target price among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 539.21 ($6.79). Several equities research analysts have recently commented on AV shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on Aviva plc from GBX 506 ($6.37) to GBX 553 ($6.96) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. S&P Global Inc lowered Aviva plc to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 500 ($6.29) price target on shares of Aviva plc in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on Aviva plc from GBX 470 ($5.92) to GBX 477 ($6.00) and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Macquarie reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 427 ($5.37) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. In related news, insider Mark Wilson sold 90,086 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 525 ($6.61), for a total transaction of £472,951.50 ($595,281.94). Also, insider Andrew Briggs sold 6,562 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 530 ($6.67), for a total transaction of £34,778.60 ($43,774.20). Over the last 90 days, insiders have bought 9,374 shares of company stock valued at $5,014,702. Shares of Aviva plc (LON:AV) traded up 0.69% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 511.61. The stock had a trading volume of 11,870,225 shares. Aviva plc has a 52-week low of GBX 290.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 570.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 524.33 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 483.62. The firm’s market cap is GBX 20.76 billion. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 17th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a dividend of GBX 15.88 ($0.20) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 3%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/aviva-plc-av-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. About Aviva plc Aviva plc is a holding company. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. Its segments include United Kingdom & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia; Aviva Investors, and Other Group activities. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Simon Property Group (SPG) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 Whitbread (WTBCY) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.27 Billion Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) Stock Price Hibbett Sports (HIBB) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.12 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect General Dynamics (GD) Stock Price JD.Com (JD) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Retail Properties of America (RPAI) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds RadNet Inc. (RDNT) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $125.93 Million Brokerages Set National Express Group PLC (NEX) Target Price at $401.20 Analysts Anticipate Almost Family Inc (AFAM) Will Post Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Loews (L) Stock Price Marathon Oil (MRO) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact EP Energy Corp (EPE) Stock Price Home Depot (HD) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) has been trending positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Synchronoss Technologies earned a coverage optimism score of 0.31 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media stories about the software maker an impact score of 82 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their price objective on Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Wells Fargo & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $35.00 price objective (down previously from $43.00) on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Sunday, April 2nd. Zacks Investment Research cut Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, April 1st. Deutsche Bank AG cut Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $50.00 to $35.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $44.75. Shares of Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) traded up 0.70% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $24.41. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 419,183 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $25.01 and a 200-day moving average price of $35.80. The stock has a market cap of $1.07 billion, a PE ratio of 54.24 and a beta of 2.28. Synchronoss Technologies has a 1-year low of $23.05 and a 1-year high of $49.94. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The software maker reported $0.24 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. The company earned $147.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $149.11 million. Synchronoss Technologies had a net margin of 3.38% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The firm’s revenue was down 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.61 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.55 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other Synchronoss Technologies news, CFO Karen Rosenberger sold 777 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.08, for a total value of $30,365.16. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 36,405 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,422,707.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Robert Garcia sold 1,695 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.66, for a total transaction of $43,493.70. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 77,312 shares in the company, valued at $1,983,825.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 39,927 shares of company stock worth $1,439,740. Insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/synchronoss-technologies-sncr-earns-daily-news-impact-score-of-0-31.html. Synchronoss Technologies Company Profile Synchronoss Technologies, Inc is a global software and services company, which provides technologies and services for the mobile transformation of business. The Company’s portfolio in the Consumer and Enterprise markets contains offerings, such as personal cloud, secure-mobility, identity management and scalable messaging platforms, products and solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JD.Com Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) Stock Price Hibbett Sports (HIBB) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.12 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect General Dynamics (GD) Stock Price JD.Com (JD) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Retail Properties of America (RPAI) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds RadNet Inc. (RDNT) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $125.93 Million Brokerages Set National Express Group PLC (NEX) Target Price at $401.20 Analysts Anticipate Almost Family Inc (AFAM) Will Post Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Loews (L) Stock Price Marathon Oil (MRO) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact EP Energy Corp (EPE) Stock Price Home Depot (HD) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports $0.60 EPS Expected for ITT Inc. (ITT) This Quarter Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts $8.97 Billion in Sales Expected for The Coca-Cola Co (KO) This Quarter Domtar Corp (UFS) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.27 Billion Zacks: Innate Pharma (IPHYF) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages JD.Com (JD) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) have been trending positive on Sunday, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research firm, a unit of Accern, scores the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. JD.Com earned a media sentiment score of 0.29 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the information services provider an impact score of 25 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the headlines that may have effected AlphaOne’s analysis: Buzzing Stocks: JD.Com Inc(ADR) (NASDAQ:JD), Mobileye NV … – Wall Street Times (press release) (wallstreetnews24.com) EEOC and Orion Energy Systems, Inc. Settle Wellness Case (jdsupra.com) JD.Com (JD) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.29 (americanbankingnews.com) Nitish meets Sonia; JD-U keen for common candidate in presidential polls (ekosvoice.com) JD.com signs deal with HP to target corporate clients (m.chinadaily.com.cn) A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on JD shares. Vetr downgraded shares of JD.Com from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.94 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. MKM Partners reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $27.00 target price on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of JD.Com from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $32.00 to $39.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Sanford C. Bernstein started coverage on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. They issued an “underperform” rating and a $21.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $32.50 target price on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $32.71. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) traded up 1.12% on Friday, hitting $34.35. 11,713,477 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. JD.Com has a 12 month low of $19.51 and a 12 month high of $34.72. The stock’s market cap is $48.72 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $31.77 and a 200-day moving average price of $28.24. JD.Com also was the target of unusually large options trading on Thursday. Stock traders acquired 901 call options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 121% compared to the typical daily volume of 407 call options. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) last released its earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The information services provider reported ($0.18) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.06) by $0.12. JD.Com had a negative return on equity of 28.18% and a negative net margin of 4.18%. The business earned $80.25 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $76.30 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($0.07) EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 47.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that JD.Com will post $0.24 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/jd-com-jd-getting-positive-media-coverage-analysis-finds.html. JD.Com Company Profile JD.com, Inc is an online direct sales company. The Company engages in the sale of electronics and home appliance products and general merchandise products (including audio, video products and books) sourced from manufacturers, distributors and publishers in China on the Internet through its Website, www.jd.com. Receive News & Ratings for JD.Com Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Credit Suisse Group AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact The Ultimate Software Group (ULTI) Share Price Analysts Anticipate Aecom (ACM) Will Announce Earnings of $0.55 Per Share $182.75 Million in Sales Expected for ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) This Quarter -$0.20 Earnings Per Share Expected for Alcobra Ltd (ADHD) This Quarter Cavco Industries (CVCO) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.31 CoreSite Realty Corp (COR) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Cavium Inc (CAVM) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Manitowoc Company Inc (MTW) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Analysts Set PTC Inc (PTC) Price Target at $58.08 Incyte (INCY) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Stock Price $227.52 Million in Sales Expected for American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) This Quarter $635.85 Million in Sales Expected for Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) This Quarter Stewart Information Services Corp (STC) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.36 Synaptics, (SYNA) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.36 State Street Corp (STT) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Eaton Vance Corp (EV) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Essex Property Trust (ESS) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.35 Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) have been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the ten analysts that are currently covering the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, one has assigned a hold recommendation and six have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. Several research firms recently issued reports on CS. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Credit Suisse Group AG from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, December 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Barclays PLC upgraded Credit Suisse Group AG from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods upgraded Credit Suisse Group AG from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Brandes Investment Partners LP boosted its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 4.1% in the third quarter. Brandes Investment Partners LP now owns 6,558,941 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $86,184,000 after buying an additional 259,740 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 137.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 4,022,688 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $57,565,000 after buying an additional 2,328,530 shares during the period. Allianz Asset Management AG bought a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the fourth quarter worth about $38,160,000. Eaton Vance Management boosted its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 93.4% in the third quarter. Eaton Vance Management now owns 1,946,441 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $25,576,000 after buying an additional 939,896 shares during the period. Finally, Dodge & Cox bought a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the fourth quarter worth about $13,496,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 2.25% of the company’s stock. Shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) traded down 0.62% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $14.45. 3,762,588 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $14.85 and its 200-day moving average price is $14.62. The company’s market cap is $30.20 billion. Credit Suisse Group AG has a 52 week low of $10.01 and a 52 week high of $16.17. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The financial services provider reported ($1.10) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.08 by $1.18. The firm earned $5.18 billion during the quarter. Credit Suisse Group AG had a negative net margin of 27.07% and a negative return on equity of 4.12%. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Credit Suisse Group AG will post $1.08 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/credit-suisse-group-ag-cs-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. About Credit Suisse Group AG Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) is a financial services company. The Company’s segments include Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management, Asia Pacific, Global Markets, Investment Banking & Capital Markets, Strategic Resolution Unit and Corporate Center. It offers a range of private banking and wealth management solutions to its clients in its Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management and Asia Pacific divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca-Cola European Partners plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Outperform Rating for Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Barclays PLC Reaffirms Equal Weight Rating for Edison International (EIX) Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Receives “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Given Equal Weight Rating at Barclays PLC Whole Foods Market’s (WFM) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Receives Equal Weight Rating from Barclays PLC Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC ASML Holding NV (ASML) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Hershey’s (HSY) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG LCNB Corp. (LCNB) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Brokerages Anticipate Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.71 Per Share Chubb (CB) Receives Media Sentiment Score of -0.07 $0.03 EPS Expected for ARI Network Services, Inc. (ARIS) This Quarter FirstEnergy Corp.’s (FE) “Equal Weight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Entergy Co. (ETR) Receives Equal Weight Rating from Barclays PLC NRG Energy Inc (NRG) Receives “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Given “Underweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) have trended positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Coca-Cola European Partners plc earned a daily sentiment score of 0.29 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned headlines about the company an impact score of 83 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s analysis: Coca-Cola European Partners Plc (NYSE:CCE) Sees the Tape Move 0.00% – Concord Register (concordregister.com) Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.07 (americanbankingnews.com) Trading Watch: Checking in on Shares of Coca-Cola European Partners Plc (ENXTAM:CCE) – SKV News (skvnews.com) Coca-Cola European Partners plc Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.31 Per Share (CCE) (americanbankingnews.com) ETFs with exposure to Coca-Cola European Partners Plc : April 19, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) A number of brokerages have issued reports on CCE. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 target price on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Argus began coverage on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. They set a “buy” rating and a $44.00 target price for the company. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 target price on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $43.50. Shares of Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) traded down 0.88% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $37.35. 1,252,896 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $18.05 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.78 and a beta of 1.01. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $36.83 and its 200 day moving average price is $35.28. Coca-Cola European Partners plc has a one year low of $30.55 and a one year high of $54.37. Coca-Cola European Partners plc (NYSE:CCE) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46. The business earned $2.58 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.54 billion. Coca-Cola European Partners plc had a net margin of 8.49% and a return on equity of 21.76%. The firm’s revenue was up 58.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.53 earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that Coca-Cola European Partners plc will post $2.23 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, April 24th. Stockholders of record on Monday, April 10th will be given a $0.2261 dividend. This represents a $0.90 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.42%. This is a positive change from Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. Coca-Cola European Partners plc’s dividend payout ratio is 31.98%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Coca-Cola European Partners plc (CCE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/coca-cola-european-partners-plc-cce-earning-favorable-press-coverage-study-finds.html. Coca-Cola European Partners plc Company Profile Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc (CCE) markets, produces and distributes nonalcoholic beverages. The Company serves customers across Belgium, continental France, Great Britain, Luxembourg, Monaco, the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden. The Company’s segments include Europe and Corporate. CCE is The Coca-Cola Company’s strategic bottling partner in Western Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca-Cola European Partners plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Radius Health Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nippon Life Insurance Co. Boosts Position in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Raub Brock Capital Management LP Buys 22,184 Shares of Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Monarch Capital Management Inc. Buys 365 Shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Sold by Nippon Life Insurance Co. Nippon Life Insurance Co. Sells 3,945 Shares of Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Nippon Life Insurance Co. Decreases Stake in HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Position Reduced by Nippon Life Insurance Co. Radius Health (RDUS) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.44 Electro Scientific Industries (ESIO) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Zacks: Brokerages Expect FireEye Inc (FEYE) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.57 Per Share Visa Inc (V) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) Receives “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Nippon Life Insurance Co. Lowers Position in Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Shares Sold by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Nippon Life Insurance Co. Has $1.67 Million Position in PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Buys 30,127 Shares of HP Inc (HPQ) Cerner Co. (CERN) Shares Bought by Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Has $330,000 Position in Gannett Co Inc (GCI) Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Has $1.092 Million Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCA) Douglas Lane & Associates LLC Has $308,000 Stake in 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Radius Health (RDUS) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.44 April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) have been trending positive on Sunday, according to AlphaOne. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative media coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Radius Health earned a daily sentiment score of 0.44 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news headlines about the biopharmaceutical company an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near future. Several brokerages have issued reports on RDUS. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Radius Health in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Canaccord Genuity set a $85.00 price objective on Radius Health and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Maxim Group set a $24.00 price objective on Radius Health and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Radius Health from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald set a $65.00 price objective on Radius Health and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 25th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $58.33. Shares of Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) traded up 0.31% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $38.23. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 396,263 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.65 billion. Radius Health has a 12 month low of $29.27 and a 12 month high of $59.88. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $38.51 and a 200 day moving average price of $43.93. Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.22) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.34) by $0.12. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.77) earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Radius Health will post ($4.24) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In other news, major shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech bought 61,721 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was bought at an average price of $39.97 per share, for a total transaction of $2,466,988.37. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now owns 4,415,930 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $176,504,722.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech bought 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 17th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $38.41 per share, with a total value of $1,152,300.00. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 4,490,399 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $172,476,225.59. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders bought 180,000 shares of company stock valued at $6,910,177 in the last quarter. 16.80% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Radius Health (RDUS) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.44” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/radius-health-rdus-given-daily-coverage-optimism-score-of-0-44.html. About Radius Health Radius Health, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the developing therapeutics in the areas of osteoporosis, oncology and endocrine diseases. The Company’s lead investigational product candidate, abaloparatide for subcutaneous injection, or abaloparatide-SC, has completed Phase III development for potential use in the treatment of women with postmenopausal osteoporosis. Receive News & Ratings for Radius Health Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2018 EPS Estimates for Rio Tinto plc Reduced by Jefferies Group (RIO) Q1 2018 Earnings Forecast for Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Q3 2018 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Lifted by Analyst (SWN) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $606,000 Stake in CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Bridge Bancorp, Inc. (BDGE) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $287,000 Position in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $290,000 Position in tronc Inc (TRNC) Danaher Co. (DHR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BTIG Research Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) Boosted by Northcoast Research Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Boosted by DA Davidson William Blair Weighs in on Biogen Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (BIIB) Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $2.94 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts WebMD Health Corp. (WBMD) Shares Sold by Renaissance Technologies LLC Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Position Lowered by Public Sector Pension Investment Board Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Buys 280 Shares of Caesars Entertainment Corp (CZR) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $1.561 Million Stake in People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Cardinal Financial Co. (CFNL) Position Lowered by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Decreases Stake in XOMA Co. (XOMA) Fmr LLC Has $312,000 Position in Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. (SASR) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Rio Tinto plc Reduced by Jefferies Group (RIO) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) – Analysts at Jefferies Group lowered their FY2018 earnings estimates for Rio Tinto plc in a research note issued on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst C. Lafemina now forecasts that the mining company will post earnings of $3.97 per share for the year, down from their previous forecast of $4.03. Jefferies Group has a “Buy” rating on the stock. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Citigroup Inc upgraded Rio Tinto plc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Morgan Stanley reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Saturday, January 21st. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating, fourteen have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Rio Tinto plc has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $41.86. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/fy2018-eps-estimates-for-rio-tinto-plc-reduced-by-jefferies-group-rio.html. Shares of Rio Tinto plc (NYSE:RIO) opened at 39.53 on Friday. Rio Tinto plc has a 12-month low of $26.95 and a 12-month high of $47.11. The company has a 50-day moving average of $40.67 and a 200 day moving average of $39.64. The stock has a market capitalization of $71.12 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.48 and a beta of 1.19. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in RIO. Luminus Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Rio Tinto plc during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $138,568,000. Credit Suisse AG raised its position in shares of Rio Tinto plc by 2,738.9% in the third quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 1,756,844 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $58,678,000 after buying an additional 1,694,960 shares during the period. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Rio Tinto plc during the third quarter valued at approximately $35,543,000. Impala Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Rio Tinto plc by 31.5% in the fourth quarter. Impala Asset Management LLC now owns 4,416,713 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $169,866,000 after buying an additional 1,057,429 shares during the period. Finally, Capital Growth Management LP acquired a new position in shares of Rio Tinto plc during the third quarter valued at approximately $25,050,000. 6.63% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The firm also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 6th. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 24th were paid a $1.2582 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 5.54%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, February 22nd. This is a positive change from Rio Tinto plc’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.96. About Rio Tinto plc Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sunrun Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sunrun Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Debt Trading 0.8% Higher Sunrun Inc (RUN) Short Interest Up 4.5% in March Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Short Interest Update Investors Purchase High Volume of Call Options on PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Fmr LLC Acquires New Position in Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $9.315 Million Stake in Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Landec Co. (LNDC) Position Raised by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $108 Million Position in Luby's, Inc. (LUB) State Street Corp Increases Stake in DSP Group, Inc. (DSPG) State Street Corp Purchases Shares of 317,641 Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc. (GOLF) State Street Corp Has $6.157 Million Position in Eros International plc (EROS) State Street Corp Has $6.339 Million Position in First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) Research Analysts Set Expectations for W W Grainger Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (GWW) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Snyder's-Lance Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (LNCE) Analysts Set Expectations for Sprint Corp’s FY2017 Earnings (S) Gabelli Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) Brokers Offer Predictions for Copper Mountain Mining Co..’s FY2017 Earnings (CUM) Brokers Offer Predictions for Reynolds American, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (RAI) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Philip Morris International Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (PM) First Data Corp (FDC) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Sunrun Inc (RUN) Short Interest Up 4.5% in March April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Sunrun Inc (NASDAQ:RUN) was the target of a significant growth in short interest in the month of March. As of March 31st, there was short interest totalling 17,119,402 shares, a growth of 4.5% from the March 15th total of 16,388,279 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 1,032,087 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 16.6 days. RUN has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Vetr downgraded Sunrun from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.42 price objective for the company. in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Sunrun from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “buy” rating on shares of Sunrun in a report on Friday, February 10th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $10.00 price objective on shares of Sunrun in a report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $6.00 price objective (down from $7.00) on shares of Sunrun in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $9.86. Shares of Sunrun (NASDAQ:RUN) opened at 5.12 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $5.15 and a 200-day moving average price of $5.51. Sunrun has a 12-month low of $4.15 and a 12-month high of $8.45. The firm has a market capitalization of $535.75 million, a P/E ratio of 5.89 and a beta of -0.80. Sunrun (NASDAQ:RUN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 8th. The energy company reported $0.27 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.22. Sunrun had a net margin of 11.00% and a return on equity of 6.42%. The company had revenue of $120.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $125.72 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.15) earnings per share. Sunrun’s quarterly revenue was up 21.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Sunrun will post $0.94 EPS for the current year. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Sunrun by 7.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 456,336 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $2,874,000 after buying an additional 32,806 shares in the last quarter. Quentec Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Sunrun by 11.3% in the third quarter. Quentec Asset Management LLC now owns 3,452,641 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $21,751,000 after buying an additional 350,872 shares in the last quarter. DnB Asset Management AS boosted its position in shares of Sunrun by 23.2% in the third quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 4,021,500 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $25,295,000 after buying an additional 757,199 shares in the last quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC bought a new position in shares of Sunrun during the third quarter valued at about $306,000. Finally, Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board bought a new position in shares of Sunrun during the third quarter valued at about $277,000. Institutional investors own 69.58% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/sunrun-inc-run-short-interest-up-4-5-in-march.html. About Sunrun Sunrun Inc is engaged in the design, development, installation, sale, ownership and maintenance of residential solar energy systems (Projects) in the United States. The Company is engaged in providing solar energy services and products to its customers. As of December 31, 2016, it operated a fleet of residential solar energy systems in the United States, with approximately 134,000 customers across 16 states, as well as the District of Columbia. Receive News & Ratings for Sunrun Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sunrun Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Anadarko Petroleum Co. Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.41) Per Share (APC) Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.13 Per Share, Desjardins Forecasts (AEM) Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $2.66 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts Cormark Comments on Trevali Mining Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (TV) BankUnited (BKU) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Bristol-Myers Squibb Co’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BMY) AuRico Metals Inc. (AMI) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Investors Purchase High Volume of eBay Call Options (EBAY) Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Put Options on Ocwen Financial Corp (OCN) Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.98 Per Share Avangrid Inc (AGR) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Trading 9.4% Higher After Earnings Beat Investors Purchase High Volume of Call Options on SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explore & Prod. (XOP) Sorrento Therapeutics Inc (SRNE) Trading 5.9% Higher on Insider Buying Activity Celestica’s (CLS) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities Jefferies Group Weighs in on PNM Resources Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNM) AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) Issued By Wedbush EuroPacific Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) SPDR S&P Biotech Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (XBI) Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.13 Per Share, Desjardins Forecasts (AEM) April 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (NYSE:AEM) (TSE:AEM) – Research analysts at Desjardins issued their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for Agnico Eagle Mines in a research note issued on Thursday. Desjardins analyst M. Parkin forecasts that the mining company will earn $0.13 per share for the quarter. Agnico Eagle Mines (NYSE:AEM) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The mining company reported $0.02 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.09. The firm earned $499.21 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $537.55 million. Agnico Eagle Mines had a return on equity of 2.27% and a net margin of 3.80%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/22/agnico-eagle-mines-ltd-to-post-q1-2017-earnings-of-0-13-per-share-desjardins-forecasts-aem.html. Several other research firms have also recently issued reports on AEM. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Barclays PLC cut their price target on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from $58.00 to $53.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday, March 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada lowered their target price on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from $51.00 to $46.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $56.31. Agnico Eagle Mines (NYSE:AEM) opened at 46.01 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $43.54 and a 200-day moving average price of $44.61. Agnico Eagle Mines has a 52 week low of $35.05 and a 52 week high of $60.10. The stock has a market cap of $10.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 65.73 and a beta of -0.51. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Van ECK Associates Corp raised its stake in Agnico Eagle Mines by 8.0% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 16,405,344 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $689,024,000 after buying an additional 1,211,074 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its stake in Agnico Eagle Mines by 8.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 11,200,604 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $470,916,000 after buying an additional 874,108 shares in the last quarter. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. raised its stake in Agnico Eagle Mines by 9.9% in the third quarter. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. now owns 2,941,418 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $158,793,000 after buying an additional 264,625 shares in the last quarter. 1832 Asset Management L.P. raised its stake in Agnico Eagle Mines by 59.8% in the third quarter. 1832 Asset Management L.P. now owns 2,556,158 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $138,109,000 after buying an additional 956,987 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its stake in Agnico Eagle Mines by 4.6% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,344,412 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $127,020,000 after buying an additional 102,741 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 61.32% of the company’s stock. About Agnico Eagle Mines Agnico Eagle Mines Limited is a gold producer with mining operations in northwestern Quebec, northern Mexico, northern Finland and Nunavut and exploration activities in Canada, Europe, Latin America and the United States. The Company operates through three business units. The Northern Business consists of its operations in Canada and Finland. Receive News & Ratings for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Money Investing Shares Funds Buy to let ISAs JISAs SIPPs Special reports Telegraph Investor More Telegraph Money Investing Funds Drip-feed investing: does it really work? Regular "drip feed" investing reduces volatility  Credit: Luke MacGregor/Bloomberg James Connington 23 April 2017 • 7:21am Deciding when to invest is one of the most important decisions investors face. One universal rule is not to try to time the market, as choosing the wrong moment can prove costly in the long run. A £10,000 investment in the FTSE All-Share in 1986 would have grown to £36,752 by the end of 2015 if it was left invested for the entire period.  However, missing the 10 best days of the market in that period cuts that return almost in half, dropping it to £19,888, according to JP Morgan Asset Management. The conventional way to avoid market timing issues is to invest regularly, “drip feeding” money in, rather than investing in one-off chunks. When a fund or other asset falls in value, this regular contribution buys more units. Conversely, fewer units are bought when prices are higher. This is known as “pound cost averaging”, and in theory reduces the amount your investments yo-yo up and down, while also boosting returns. We have put this to the test over the past two decades, using figures compiled exclusively for Telegraph Money by data firm Morningstar. The scenarios We looked at the past 20 years, using investments into a FTSE 100 tracker fund, global tracker fund, and an emerging markets fund. There was no emerging market tracker fund with a 20-year history, so an active fund that mirrored an emerging market index was used. Sign up to Telegraph Investor We also looked at a portfolio evenly split between the three funds and “rebalanced” once a year.  For each of these we looked at how investing a lump sum compared with a drip-feeding approach. In one scenario £12,000 was invested in a lump sum on April 6, the beginning of the tax year, while in the other £1,000 was invested at the start of every month. The total investment over the period was £240,000. What the figures show Initially it looks like there is no benefit to drip feeding. After 20 years all scenarios have generated returns that are within a few percentage points of each other.  The FTSE 100 tracker grows to £436,000 for the monthly investor, and £440,000 for the annual investor, while the global tracker reaches £495,000 and £497,000 respectively. The emerging markets fund returns the most, reaching £647,000 for the monthly investor and £642,000 for the annual investor. The split portfolio reaches £527,000 for the monthly investor, and £531,000 for the annual investor. The annual progress of each investment can be seen in the chart below, apart from the global tracker fund due to the overlap with the FTSE 100.  Russ Mould, of fund shop AJ Bell, said: “It is surprising to me that the returns all finish close together. The annual contributions benefit from the stock market rally that began in 2009 following the financial crisis, as money is invested earlier, providing greater exposure to a rising market.” However, there are still benefits of drip feeding. By spreading the contributions across 12 months the monthly investor has less money at risk at any one time, compared with the annual investor who has put everything into the market at the start of the year.  If the figures charted the daily totals, rather than annual, the monthly investments would also follow a smoother path. For investors with a time horizon of less than 20 years, that is valuable. Brian Dennehy, of Fund Expert, the fund shop, said that aside from the money generated, “investing monthly is a great idea because it creates discipline, which is arguably the biggest problem for investors”. In our scenarios, the annual investor still sticks to a regular habit. However, if a lump-sum investor picked the wrong years to invest larger amounts, they would suffer drastically worse performance than a monthly investor. Three investment philosophies for buying and selling shares 02:34 “One other consideration here is fees,” said Mr Mould. “How and what your broker charges could have a bearing on how much each strategy would cost to implement. For instance, 12 dealing fees a year instead of one could have an impact on returns.” Overall, Mr Mould said that the data highlighted the benefits of patient, long-term investing, using the stock market as “a get-rich-slowly scheme rather than a fruit machine in search of an elusive jackpot”. The split portfolio In terms of how much they have at the end of each year, the monthly and annual investor follow very similar paths. But the three-way split portfolio outperforms both the global tracker fund and FTSE 100 by a significant margin, due to a combination of the emerging market exposure and annual rebalancing. The rebalancing dampens the worst of the emerging market falls, reallocating profits from this portion in good years and buying more in years where markets have fallen. Follow us for more investing ideas: @TelegraphInvest  For investment tips and ideas five days a week, read Questor Share this article Follow The Telegraph Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow The Telegraph Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Related Topics ISAs Data story Shares Emerging markets Funds Show more Money latest 24 Apr 2017, 8:00am Comment: Student loans: rate increase could add 7 years to graduates' repayments  James Connington Premium 24 Apr 2017, 7:51am 'I want to invest in a fund - should I buy income or accumulation units?' 24 Apr 2017, 6:00am The play's the thing: developers appeal to culture vultures by building theatres right next door to home 23 Apr 2017, 11:03pm Experts slam Conservative plans to cap energy bills as 'clumsy and counterproductive' 23 Apr 2017, 12:00pm Want to build your own home? Get some inspiration with free tickets to Grand Designs Live 23 Apr 2017, 7:35am Moneysupermarket pioneer sets up new financial advice business eVestor 23 Apr 2017, 7:33am Would you pay £184.58 an hour for financial advice? 23 Apr 2017, 7:32am Hayley Turner: ‘I’ve earnt more than men as a jockey’ Premium 23 Apr 2017, 7:02am 'eBay fraudster stole £3,000 after we'd remortgaged our home' 23 Apr 2017, 6:00am Forget golfing, Portugal's real gems – and bargains – are in its cities 22 Apr 2017, 2:14pm Questor: Imperial Brands takeover talk may be smoke and mirrors, but it will lift shares Premium 22 Apr 2017, 7:45am 'I used the pension freedoms and HMRC taxed me £15k too much' 22 Apr 2017, 7:32am Comment: This car hire rip-off could double your costs Richard Dyson Premium 22 Apr 2017, 7:32am Election's pound rally: how does it affect your pensions and Isas? 22 Apr 2017, 6:31am 'I'm devastated after switching TSB accounts. Can I go back?' 22 Apr 2017, 6:12am 'Aviva is blaming new laws for hiking my insurance premium' 22 Apr 2017, 6:00am 'She-sheds', hammock huts and yoga rooms: garden sheds as you've never seen them before 21 Apr 2017, 2:31pm Britain's lowest ever mortgage rate launched – but are the high fees worth it? 21 Apr 2017, 1:19pm Speeding fines rise to 175pc of weekly wages from Monday 21 Apr 2017, 11:29am London Marathon: where have house prices soared along the route? 21 Apr 2017, 8:36am Probate fee fiasco: it was always a tax, not a fee Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Briggs & Stratton Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Briggs & Stratton Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Trading 9.4% Higher After Earnings Beat Investors Purchase High Volume of Call Options on SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explore & Prod. (XOP) Sorrento Therapeutics Inc (SRNE) Trading 5.9% Higher on Insider Buying Activity Celestica’s (CLS) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at TD Securities Jefferies Group Weighs in on PNM Resources Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNM) AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) Issued By Wedbush EuroPacific Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) SPDR S&P Biotech Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (XBI) Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Direxion Shares Exchange Traded Fund Trust (DUST) Seaport Global Securities Weighs in on Interface, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (TILE) Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Southern Co (SO) Analysts Expect Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $34.51 Million RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.51 Per Share New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Pretium Resources Inc (PVG) Receives C$16.79 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Analysts Anticipate WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) to Post $0.04 Earnings Per Share Trevena Inc (TRVN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set NOW Inc (DNOW) Target Price at $19.25 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Trading 9.4% Higher After Earnings Beat April 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Briggs & Stratton Co. (NYSE:BGG) shares were up 9.4% on Friday following a stronger than expected earnings report. The company traded as high as $23.89 and last traded at $23.50, with a volume of 1,738,267 shares trading hands. The stock had previously closed at $21.48. The industrial products company reported $0.83 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.82 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $597 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $617.01 million. Briggs & Stratton Co. had a net margin of 1.83% and a return on equity of 11.27%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.80 earnings per share. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 16th will be paid a $0.14 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 14th. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.38%. Briggs & Stratton Co.’s payout ratio is currently 75.68%. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on BGG shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Briggs & Stratton Co. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Briggs & Stratton Co. from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Northcoast Research upgraded shares of Briggs & Stratton Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $25.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 30th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $24.33. In related news, SVP Harold L. Redman sold 22,530 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.84, for a total transaction of $492,055.20. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 92,009 shares in the company, valued at $2,009,476.56. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, VP Andrea L. Golvach sold 4,110 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.65, for a total transaction of $88,981.50. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 18,299 shares in the company, valued at approximately $396,173.35. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.70% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in BGG. Capital One National Association raised its stake in Briggs & Stratton Co. by 3.8% in the third quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 23,270 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $434,000 after buying an additional 844 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP raised its stake in Briggs & Stratton Co. by 59.2% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 67,212 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,254,000 after buying an additional 25,003 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Briggs & Stratton Co. by 1.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,063,886 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $19,842,000 after buying an additional 19,230 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Briggs & Stratton Co. by 7.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,019,953 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $56,322,000 after buying an additional 222,038 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rhumbline Advisers raised its stake in Briggs & Stratton Co. by 3.3% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 68,403 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,276,000 after buying an additional 2,205 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 89.46% of the company’s stock. The company’s 50 day moving average is $21.62 and its 200-day moving average is $21.11. The stock has a market cap of $1.01 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.92 and a beta of 0.82. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/22/briggs-stratton-co-bgg-trading-9-4-higher-after-earnings-beat.html. About Briggs & Stratton Co. Briggs & Stratton Corporation is a producer of gasoline engines for outdoor power equipment. The Company designs, manufactures, markets, sells and services the various products for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) around the world. It also markets and sells related service parts and accessories for its engines. Receive News & Ratings for Briggs & Stratton Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Briggs & Stratton Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Navient Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Navient Corp (NAVI) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.43 Per Share Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.26 Per Share Analysts Set SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) PT at $124.33 $60.13 Million in Sales Expected for A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) This Quarter $116.71 Million in Sales Expected for Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) This Quarter $58.02 Million in Sales Expected for Navigator Holdings Ltd (NVGS) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Paycom Software Inc (PAYC) to Post $0.37 EPS Aerohive Networks Inc (HIVE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $36.05 Million Forterra Inc (FRTA) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Pegasystems Inc. (PEGA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Expect American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.06 Billion South Jersey Industries Inc (SJI) Receives $34.25 Average Price Target from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Expect American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) to Post $0.91 Earnings Per Share Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. (PSTI) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Scientific Games Corp (SGMS) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.74 Per Share Brokerages Set McCarthy & Stone PLC (MCS) Target Price at $210.81 Peak Resorts Inc (SKIS) Receives $6.67 Average Target Price from Analysts Detour Gold Co. (DGC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Papa Murphy's Holdings Inc (FRSH) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Navient Corp (NAVI) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.43 Per Share April 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) to report earnings of $0.43 per share for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Three analysts have issued estimates for Navient Corp’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.41 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.45. Navient Corp posted earnings per share of $0.47 during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year over year growth rate of 8.5%. The company is scheduled to report its next earnings report on Tuesday, July 18th. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS averages are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that follow Navient Corp. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The credit services provider reported $0.36 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.42 by $0.06. Navient Corp had a net margin of 13.72% and a return on equity of 15.65%. The company earned $334 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $345.60 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.43 earnings per share. Navient Corp’s revenue for the quarter was down 19.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Several equities analysts have commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Navient Corp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Barclays PLC set a $21.00 price target on Navient Corp and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday, January 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded Navient Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $18.50 to $18.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. DA Davidson assumed coverage on Navient Corp in a report on Friday, January 6th. They set a “buy” rating and a $21.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Navient Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Navient Corp currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $17.75. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Navient Corp (NAVI) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.43 Per Share” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/22/navient-corp-navi-expected-to-post-earnings-of-0-43-per-share.html. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in NAVI. WFG Advisors LP bought a new stake in shares of Navient Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $132,000. Moore Capital Management LP bought a new stake in shares of Navient Corp during the third quarter valued at about $150,000. Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC increased its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 13.5% in the third quarter. Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC now owns 11,553 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $167,000 after buying an additional 1,373 shares during the last quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans increased its stake in shares of Navient Corp by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 10,420 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $171,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cigna Investments Inc. New bought a new stake in shares of Navient Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $182,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.89% of the company’s stock. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) traded down 1.44% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $15.78. 4,301,615 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.59 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 7.44 and a beta of 2.57. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $14.66 and its 200 day moving average price is $15.40. Navient Corp has a 52-week low of $11.01 and a 52-week high of $17.95. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a $0.16 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $0.64 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.06%. Navient Corp’s payout ratio is 30.19%. About Navient Corp Navient Corporation provides asset management and business processing services to education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state and local levels. The Company holds the portfolio of education loans insured or federally guaranteed under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Navient Corp (NAVI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Navient Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pioneer Natural Resources - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pioneer Natural Resources with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Pioneer Natural Resources’ Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) National Bank Financial Comments on Copper Mountain Mining Co..’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CUM) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Capstone Mining Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CS) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sanofi SA’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNY) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Endeavour Silver Corp Decreased by Analyst (EDR) Arizona Mining Inc (AZ) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Outperform Rating for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Cardinal Energy Ltd (CJ) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Bank of Nova Scotia’s (BNS) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Cut to “C” at TheStreet Western Digital Corp (WDC) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy CSS Industries Inc (CSS) Raised to B at TheStreet Vetr Inc. Downgrades iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) to Hold Mastercard Inc (MA) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Upgraded to “B” at TheStreet Analysts Offer Predictions for Lundin Mining Co.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (LUN) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Surge Energy Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SGY) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Washington Federal Inc. (WAFD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $120.35 Million Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Pioneer Natural Resources’ Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD) – Research analysts at Seaport Global Securities increased their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for shares of Pioneer Natural Resources in a report released on Thursday. Seaport Global Securities analyst M. Kelly now anticipates that the oil and gas development company will post earnings per share of $0.07 for the quarter, up from their previous forecast of $0.02. Seaport Global Securities has a “Neutral” rating and a $215.00 price objective on the stock. Seaport Global Securities also issued estimates for Pioneer Natural Resources’ FY2017 earnings at $1.42 EPS. Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The oil and gas development company reported $0.49 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.33 by $0.16. Pioneer Natural Resources had a negative return on equity of 0.33% and a negative net margin of 14.56%. The business earned $1.17 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.07 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned ($0.18) EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 8.8% on a year-over-year basis. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/equities-analysts-issue-forecasts-for-pioneer-natural-resources-q1-2017-earnings-pxd.html. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on PXD. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Pioneer Natural Resources from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Scotiabank set a $225.00 price target on shares of Pioneer Natural Resources and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $267.00 price objective on shares of Pioneer Natural Resources in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $196.00 price objective (down from $204.00) on shares of Pioneer Natural Resources in a research report on Thursday. Finally, Williams Capital cut shares of Pioneer Natural Resources from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $226.00 to $206.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-nine have given a buy rating to the company. Pioneer Natural Resources has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $208.91. Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD) opened at 174.63 on Monday. Pioneer Natural Resources has a 12-month low of $146.08 and a 12-month high of $199.83. The stock’s market capitalization is $29.65 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $184.79 and a 200 day moving average price of $184.33. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 12th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st were given a dividend of $0.04 per share. This represents a $0.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.09%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. Pioneer Natural Resources’s dividend payout ratio is -2.35%. In other Pioneer Natural Resources news, insider Scott D. Sheffield sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $197.33, for a total transaction of $591,990.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 608,291 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $120,034,063.03. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, VP Stephanie D. Stewart sold 900 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $191.00, for a total transaction of $171,900.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 11,206 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,140,346. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 8,358 shares of company stock valued at $1,614,482. Company insiders own 0.92% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. State Street Corp raised its position in Pioneer Natural Resources by 6.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11,104,321 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock worth $1,999,544,000 after buying an additional 664,476 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Pioneer Natural Resources by 1.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,158,677 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock worth $1,700,759,000 after buying an additional 166,270 shares in the last quarter. Capital Research Global Investors raised its position in Pioneer Natural Resources by 41.6% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 7,367,002 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock worth $1,367,684,000 after buying an additional 2,165,002 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its position in Pioneer Natural Resources by 7.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,120,219 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock worth $1,282,138,000 after buying an additional 521,539 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Northern Trust Corp raised its position in Pioneer Natural Resources by 3.7% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,893,723 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock worth $351,569,000 after buying an additional 66,827 shares in the last quarter. 93.86% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Pioneer Natural Resources Pioneer Natural Resources Company is an oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company explores for, develops and produces oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and gas within the United States, with operations primarily in the Permian Basin in West Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale play in South Texas, the Raton field in southeast Colorado and the West Panhandle field in the Texas Panhandle. Receive News & Ratings for Pioneer Natural Resources Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pioneer Natural Resources and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Senior Capital Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Senior Capital Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northgate plc (NTG) Receives GBX 551.14 Average Target Price from Analysts TransCanada Co. (TRP) Receives C$69.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Brokerages Set Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) PT at $9.69 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Analysts Anticipate AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) to Announce -$0.28 EPS Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Fortress Investment Group (FIG) Share Price Numerex Corp. (NMRX) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Aviva plc (AV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Netflix (NFLX) Share Price General Mills (GIS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Potlatch (PCH) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Analysts Set Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Price Target at $43.75 Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Fenner plc (FENR) Price Target at $244.33 Zacks: Ampliphi Biosciences Corp (APHB) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Simon Property Group (SPG) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 Whitbread (WTBCY) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.35 Per Share April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts predict that Solar Senior Capital Ltd (NASDAQ:SUNS) will post earnings per share of $0.35 for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Two analysts have issued estimates for Solar Senior Capital’s earnings. Solar Senior Capital also reported earnings per share of $0.35 during the same quarter last year. The company is expected to announce its next quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Tuesday, May 2nd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Solar Senior Capital will report full-year earnings of $1.41 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.40 to $1.42. For the next fiscal year, analysts forecast that the firm will report earnings of $1.48 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.44 to $1.51. Zacks’ earnings per share calculations are an average based on a survey of research analysts that that provide coverage for Solar Senior Capital. Solar Senior Capital (NASDAQ:SUNS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The asset manager reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.01. Solar Senior Capital had a return on equity of 7.94% and a net margin of 52.81%. The business earned $7.16 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.27 million. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Solar Senior Capital from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $17.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.35 Per Share” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/zacks-analysts-anticipate-solar-senior-capital-ltd-suns-will-announce-earnings-of-0-35-per-share.html. In other Solar Senior Capital news, insider Michael S. Gross purchased 14,438 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $17.57 per share, for a total transaction of $253,675.66. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 231,608 shares in the company, valued at $4,069,352.56. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 7.50% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Muzinich & Co. Inc. boosted its position in shares of Solar Senior Capital by 43.8% in the third quarter. Muzinich & Co. Inc. now owns 173,986 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $2,820,000 after buying an additional 53,027 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Solar Senior Capital by 1,130.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 54,995 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $891,000 after buying an additional 50,526 shares in the last quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc acquired a new position in shares of Solar Senior Capital during the third quarter worth approximately $648,000. Advisors Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Solar Senior Capital by 25.1% in the third quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 320,678 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $5,198,000 after buying an additional 64,301 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Solar Senior Capital by 74.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 312,388 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $5,063,000 after buying an additional 133,409 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 28.01% of the company’s stock. Solar Senior Capital (NASDAQ:SUNS) traded up 0.06% on Tuesday, hitting $18.18. The company had a trading volume of 44,627 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $17.77 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.83. Solar Senior Capital has a 12-month low of $14.75 and a 12-month high of $18.46. The firm also recently declared a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 2nd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a dividend of $0.1175 per share. This represents a $1.41 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 7.76%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 18th. Solar Senior Capital’s dividend payout ratio is 120.51%. About Solar Senior Capital Solar Senior Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to seek to maximize current income consistent with the preservation of capital. The Company seeks to achieve its investment objective by directly and indirectly investing in senior loans, including first lien, unitranche, and second lien debt instruments, made to private middle-market companies whose debt is rated below investment grade, which it refers to collectively as senior loans. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Solar Senior Capital (SUNS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Solar Senior Capital Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Senior Capital Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Monarch Capital Management Inc. Has $1.628 Million Stake in PPL Corp (PPL) Diversified Trust Co Decreases Stake in Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Wagner Bowman Management Corp Has $577,000 Stake in Exelon Co. (EXC) Diversified Trust Co Raises Position in LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Diversified Trust Co Has $292,000 Position in DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Shares Bought by Wagner Bowman Management Corp Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV Has $681,000 Stake in Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Clark Estates Inc. NY Has $3,335,000 Stake in HP Inc (HPQ) Nippon Life Insurance Co. Boosts Position in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Raub Brock Capital Management LP Buys 22,184 Shares of Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Monarch Capital Management Inc. Buys 365 Shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) Symantec Co. (SYMC) Shares Sold by Nippon Life Insurance Co. Nippon Life Insurance Co. Sells 3,945 Shares of Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Nippon Life Insurance Co. Decreases Stake in HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Position Reduced by Nippon Life Insurance Co. Radius Health (RDUS) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.44 Electro Scientific Industries (ESIO) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Zacks: Brokerages Expect FireEye Inc (FEYE) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.57 Per Share Visa Inc (V) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) Receives “Hold” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Clark Estates Inc. NY Has $3,335,000 Stake in HP Inc (HPQ) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Clark Estates Inc. NY continued to hold its position in shares of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 186,500 shares of the computer maker’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Clark Estates Inc. NY’s holdings in HP were worth $3,335,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in HPQ. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new position in shares of HP during the third quarter worth about $106,000. FineMark National Bank & Trust increased its position in shares of HP by 2.4% in the third quarter. FineMark National Bank & Trust now owns 7,027 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 168 shares during the period. CWM LLC increased its position in shares of HP by 0.3% in the first quarter. CWM LLC now owns 6,419 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the period. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. acquired a new position in shares of HP during the third quarter worth about $120,000. Finally, Acrospire Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of HP by 9.6% in the third quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 8,000 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.94% of the company’s stock. HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) traded down 1.24% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $18.29. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 9,953,227 shares. The stock has a market cap of $30.97 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.48 and a beta of 1.52. The company’s 50 day moving average is $17.60 and its 200-day moving average is $15.88. HP Inc has a 52-week low of $11.31 and a 52-week high of $18.61. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The computer maker reported $0.38 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.37 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $12.68 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11.82 billion. HP had a negative return on equity of 63.67% and a net margin of 5.17%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.36 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that HP Inc will post $1.61 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 8th were given a $0.1327 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 6th. This represents a $0.53 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.90%. HP’s dividend payout ratio is currently 37.32%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/clark-estates-inc-ny-has-3335000-stake-in-hp-inc-hpq.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on the company. Brean Capital restated a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 price objective on shares of HP in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of HP in a research note on Sunday, January 8th. Mizuho upped their price objective on HP from $14.00 to $15.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC upped their price objective on HP from $16.00 to $16.50 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $21.00 price objective on shares of HP in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $18.13. In other HP news, CFO Catherine A. Lesjak sold 120,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total transaction of $2,176,800.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 120,000 shares in the company, valued at $2,176,800. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total value of $181,400.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 61,745 shares in the company, valued at $1,120,054.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 963,357 shares of company stock worth $17,005,974 over the last quarter. 0.51% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About HP HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HPQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ). Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Navellier & Associates Inc Buys 5,588 Shares of Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Retirement Systems of Alabama Has $17.834 Million Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Retirement Systems of Alabama Acquires 26,886 Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Navellier & Associates Inc Buys 4,176 Shares of Copart, Inc. (CPRT) Visa Inc (V) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Brokerages Anticipate Zynga Inc (ZNGA) to Announce -$0.01 Earnings Per Share TransAlta (TAC) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Verastem Inc (VSTM) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.36 Per Share Analysts Expect The Western Union Company (WU) Will Post Earnings of $0.39 Per Share 233,616 Shares in Dicks Sporting Goods Inc (DKS) Acquired by Hermes Investment Management Ltd. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. Buys 18,125 Shares of Flowserve Corp (FLS) AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Stake Lowered by Hexavest Inc. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. Acquires New Position in Hollysys Automation Technologies Ltd (HOLI) Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates “Hold” Rating for VF Corp (VFC) Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Shares Bought by Hermes Investment Management Ltd. Hermes Investment Management Ltd. Invests $24.308 Million in Sterling Bancorp (STL) Hexavest Inc. Maintains Position in Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Exelon Co. (EXC) Position Raised by Hexavest Inc. Humana Inc (HUM) Shares Bought by Hermes Investment Management Ltd. E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Position Held by Hexavest Inc. Retirement Systems of Alabama Has $17.834 Million Position in HP Inc (HPQ) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Retirement Systems of Alabama lowered its stake in shares of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) by 62.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 997,422 shares of the computer maker’s stock after selling 1,646,075 shares during the period. Retirement Systems of Alabama owned 0.06% of HP worth $17,834,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of HP by 2.3% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 780,628 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $12,123,000 after buying an additional 17,317 shares during the last quarter. Boston Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of HP by 65.2% in the third quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 40,459 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $628,000 after buying an additional 15,970 shares during the last quarter. Conning Inc. increased its stake in shares of HP by 0.4% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 44,375 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $689,000 after buying an additional 190 shares during the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its stake in shares of HP by 0.7% in the third quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 138,430 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $2,149,000 after buying an additional 920 shares during the last quarter. Finally, DT Investment Partners LLC increased its stake in shares of HP by 3.6% in the third quarter. DT Investment Partners LLC now owns 85,066 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $1,321,000 after buying an additional 2,961 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.94% of the company’s stock. HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) traded down 1.24% on Friday, reaching $18.29. The company had a trading volume of 9,953,227 shares. HP Inc has a one year low of $11.31 and a one year high of $18.61. The stock has a market cap of $30.97 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.48 and a beta of 1.52. The company has a 50-day moving average of $17.60 and a 200 day moving average of $15.88. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The computer maker reported $0.38 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $12.68 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $11.82 billion. HP had a negative return on equity of 63.67% and a net margin of 5.17%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.36 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that HP Inc will post $1.61 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 8th were given a $0.1327 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 6th. This represents a $0.53 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.90%. HP’s payout ratio is 37.32%. WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/retirement-systems-of-alabama-has-17-834-million-position-in-hp-inc-hpq.html. HPQ has been the topic of several analyst reports. Guggenheim initiated coverage on HP in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They set a “neutral” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of HP in a report on Sunday, January 8th. Brean Capital reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 target price on shares of HP in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC dropped their price objective on HP from $16.75 to $16.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Mizuho restated a “neutral” rating and set a $14.00 price objective on shares of HP in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. HP presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $18.13. In other HP news, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total value of $181,400.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 61,745 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,120,054.30. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CFO Catherine A. Lesjak sold 719,775 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.60, for a total value of $12,668,040.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 599,775 shares in the company, valued at $10,556,040. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 963,357 shares of company stock worth $17,005,974 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 0.51% of the company’s stock. HP Company Profile HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HPQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ). Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: George Osodi/Bloomberg Hot Spots in Emerging Markets This Week: China, Venezuela by Srinivasan Sivabalan @SriniSivabalan More stories by Srinivasan Sivabalan April 23, 2017, 11:00 AM EDT April 24, 2017, 1:49 AM EDT French elections in focus as investors gauge risk sentiment Nigeria opens foreign-exchange window for portfolio investors With the first round of France’s presidential election complete, emerging markets have escaped a potential sell-off trigger, even as concern over political turmoil in South Africa and South Korea eases. Still, Venezuela remained a flashpoint amid nationwide protests against the government, while interest-rate decisions in Turkey and Colombia were likely to be in focus. In China, investors braced for a continued crackdown on leveraged trading. Nigeria Nigeria’s central bank on Monday is introducing a foreign-exchange window for portfolio investors to try to ease a shortage of dollars. Foreign investors fled naira assets after the government allowed the currency to devalue last year. While the naira has been little changed at about 315 per dollar since August, non-deliverable forward contracts signal traders see the currency depreciating more than 10 percent in three months. Read More: Nigeria to Open Foreign-Exchange Window for Portfolio Investors China The Shanghai Composite Index had its worst week this year amid a crackdown on leveraged trading. The China Securities Regulatory Commission has stepped up criticism of what it called disruptive trading behavior, with Chairman Liu Shiyu saying Chinese bourses should punish irregularities “without mercy.” Read More: What China is doing to cleanse its financial system risk The decline in stocks may persist “as regulators will likely maintain their strict stance on financial scrutiny,” said Wu Kan, a Shanghai-based fund manager at Shanshan Finance Co. Venezuela Opposition leaders have called for more demonstrations to protest against President Nicolas Maduro, who has described the recent unrest as a coup. As many as 20 people have been killed since the protests began this month. The violence adds to pressure on the nation’s assets. Venezuela’s international reserves are at the lowest level since 2002 and its sovereign Eurobonds are among the cheapest in emerging markets. Read More: Venezuela Sees Its Bloodiest Night Yet as Protests Mount Colombia The central bank is scheduled to decide on interest rates Friday. Recent weak economic data have led to speculation that policymakers will speed up the pace of cuts, after reducing the overnight lending rate by 75 basis points since the beginning of December. The central bank will probably lower the rate 25 basis points, according to the median of 20 estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Turkey The central bank may maintain a “tight” policy stance at the April 26 meeting, Governor Murat Cetinkaya said last week. The bank has pushed funding costs up by more than 300 basis points this year through daily liquidity management. JPMorgan Chase & Co. said such policy tightening has been enough to stabilize markets and restore some credibility, though “perhaps not as effective as a conventional 300 basis-point rate hike.” Saudi Arabia The Middle East’s biggest bourse has shifted its settlement cycle to T+2, aligning the exchange with its international peers as it seeks inclusion in MSCI Inc.’s emerging-market index, which is tracked by fund managers globally. In 2015, the exchange allowed investors abroad to trade shares directly for the first time. Even after the government further eased the requirements to access the market last year, foreigners hold less than 5 percent of the total market capitalization. The Tadawul All Share Index rose on Sunday after King Salman restored bonuses and allowances for state employees. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy French Bonds Surge, Euro Climbs as Macron, Le Pen Win Elections A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Space May Be Next Frontier for Earth's Crude Oil Giants: Analyst Israel Strikes Weapons Depot in Southern Syria, Al Jazeera Says Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortive Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Merck & Co.’s (MRK) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Fortive Corp (FTV) Position Lowered by Huntington National Bank Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Shares Sold by City Holding Co. Huntington National Bank Increases Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) MB Financial Inc (MBFI) Stake Boosted by Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. Maintains Stake in Amerisafe, Inc. (AMSF) Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. Maintains Stake in Heico Corp (HEI) Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. Reduces Position in LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Expect Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (HCSG) to Announce $0.29 EPS Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Dolby Laboratories (DLB) Stock Price Wingstop Inc (WING) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Pacific Crest Reiterates Overweight Rating for Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Oakbrook Investments LLC Invests $1.04 Million in Centene Corp (CNC) Cummins Inc. (CMI) Shares Sold by Rockland Trust Co. Oakbrook Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Wendell David Associates Inc. Purchases 2,350 Shares of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Position Cut by Oakbrook Investments LLC Johanson Financial Advisors Inc. Invests $381,000 in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Valmont Industries’ (VMI) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at William Blair Fortive Corp (FTV) Position Lowered by Huntington National Bank April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Huntington National Bank cut its stake in shares of Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) by 24.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 26,859 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 8,853 shares during the period. Huntington National Bank’s holdings in Fortive Corp were worth $1,617,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Bessemer Group Inc. boosted its position in Fortive Corp by 110.3% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 6,447 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $346,000 after buying an additional 3,382 shares during the period. ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc. boosted its position in Fortive Corp by 146.4% in the fourth quarter. ZWJ Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 253,054 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $13,571,000 after buying an additional 150,350 shares during the period. ING Groep NV boosted its position in Fortive Corp by 108.9% in the fourth quarter. ING Groep NV now owns 17,331 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $936,000 after buying an additional 9,035 shares during the period. Cadence Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Fortive Corp by 5.4% in the fourth quarter. Cadence Capital Management LLC now owns 8,596 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $461,000 after buying an additional 440 shares during the period. Finally, Busey Trust CO boosted its position in Fortive Corp by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Busey Trust CO now owns 89,739 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $4,812,000 after buying an additional 262 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 77.18% of the company’s stock. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) traded down 0.99% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $60.01. 1,391,290 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $59.52 and its 200 day moving average is $55.25. Fortive Corp has a 1-year low of $46.29 and a 1-year high of $61.11. The stock has a market cap of $20.76 billion and a P/E ratio of 23.91. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The technology company reported $0.68 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $1.63 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.61 billion. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Fortive Corp will post $2.68 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 26th will be given a dividend of $0.07 per share. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.47%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 24th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Fortive Corp (FTV) Position Lowered by Huntington National Bank” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/fortive-corp-ftv-position-lowered-by-huntington-national-bank.html. A number of analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Fortive Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $68.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Cowen and Company raised their target price on shares of Fortive Corp from $46.00 to $52.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a report on Wednesday. SunTrust Banks, Inc. upgraded shares of Fortive Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $67.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Fortive Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $56.00 to $66.00 in a report on Friday, March 24th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada assumed coverage on shares of Fortive Corp in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $63.00 target price for the company. Nine research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Fortive Corp currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $58.36. About Fortive Corp Fortive Corporation is a diversified industrial growth company. The Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets professional and engineered products, software and services for a range of end markets. The Company operates through two segments: Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FTV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV). Receive News & Ratings for Fortive Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Invesco Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cummins Inc. (CMI) Shares Sold by Rockland Trust Co. Oakbrook Investments LLC Cuts Stake in Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Wendell David Associates Inc. Purchases 2,350 Shares of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Position Cut by Oakbrook Investments LLC Johanson Financial Advisors Inc. Invests $381,000 in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Valmont Industries’ (VMI) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at William Blair Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) Stake Reduced by Columbus Circle Investors Columbus Circle Investors Buys New Position in MaxLinear, Inc. (MXL) Columbus Circle Investors Has $12.424 Million Position in Cintas Co. (CTAS) Myokardia (MYOK) Given Daily News Impact Rating of -0.22 HCP (HCP) Receiving Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Stantec Inc. (STN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.32 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Will Announce Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Stake Maintained by Bollard Group LLC Copart, Inc. (CPRT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.36 Per Share Cree, Inc. (CREE) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.09 Per Share Analysts Expect Heartland Financial USA Inc (HTLF) Will Post Earnings of $0.69 Per Share Analysts Expect OFS Capital Corp (OFS) to Announce $0.37 Earnings Per Share Cowen and Company Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for GATX Co. (GATX) Hawaiian Holdings’ (HA) “Market Perform” Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Position Cut by Oakbrook Investments LLC April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Oakbrook Investments LLC reduced its position in shares of Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) by 18.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 34,206 shares of the asset manager’s stock after selling 7,550 shares during the period. Oakbrook Investments LLC’s holdings in Invesco were worth $1,048,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in IVZ. Donald L. Hagan LLC boosted its position in Invesco by 9.2% in the third quarter. Donald L. Hagan LLC now owns 27,942 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $874,000 after buying an additional 2,350 shares in the last quarter. Synovus Financial Corp boosted its position in Invesco by 8.6% in the third quarter. Synovus Financial Corp now owns 11,506 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $360,000 after buying an additional 909 shares in the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc boosted its position in Invesco by 0.9% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 41,758 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $1,306,000 after buying an additional 373 shares in the last quarter. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. acquired a new position in Invesco during the third quarter worth about $2,598,000. Finally, Brookstone Capital Management boosted its position in Invesco by 8.0% in the third quarter. Brookstone Capital Management now owns 136,703 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $4,275,000 after buying an additional 10,147 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.85% of the company’s stock. Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) traded down 0.76% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $31.28. The stock had a trading volume of 2,734,349 shares. The firm has a market cap of $12.63 billion, a PE ratio of 15.18 and a beta of 1.82. Invesco Ltd. has a 52 week low of $23.02 and a 52 week high of $33.46. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $31.04 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.97. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The asset manager reported $0.59 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.58 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $1.19 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $867.07 million. Invesco had a return on equity of 11.79% and a net margin of 18.04%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.58 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Invesco Ltd. will post $2.41 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/invesco-ltd-ivz-position-cut-by-oakbrook-investments-llc.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research cut Invesco from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Invesco from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $30.00 to $37.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Citigroup Inc lifted their target price on Invesco to $33.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of Invesco in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $35.10. About Invesco Invesco Ltd. (Invesco) is an independent investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment capabilities and outcomes, which are delivered through a set of investment vehicles, to help clients achieve their investment objectives. It has a presence in the retail and institutional markets within the investment management industry in North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IVZ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ). Receive News & Ratings for Invesco Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McKesson Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News McKesson Co. (MCK) Position Held by Courier Capital LLC Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Stake Decreased by Courier Capital LLC American Tower Corp (AMT) Shares Sold by Hartford Investment Management Co. Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Stake Raised by Whitnell & Co. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Has $626,000 Position in IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Raises Stake in Baxter International Inc (BAX) Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Invests $682,000 in BB&T Co. (BBT) Halliburton Company (HAL) Position Increased by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC AXT (AXTI) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Culp, Inc. (CFI) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $76.32 Million Mizuho Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for MicroStrategy Incorporated (MSTR) Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Acuity Brands (AYI) Stock Price Perry Ellis International, Inc. (PERY) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $232.35 Million Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Sells 255 Shares of Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 400 Shares of Cooper Companies Inc (COO) Everence Capital Management Inc. Decreases Stake in SYSCO Co. (SYY) TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Shares Bought by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Danaher’s (DHR) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Agenus’ (AGEN) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Maxim Group McKesson Co. (MCK) Position Held by Courier Capital LLC April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Courier Capital LLC maintained its stake in McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 3,289 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Courier Capital LLC’s holdings in McKesson were worth $488,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its stake in McKesson by 0.6% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,726 shares of the company’s stock valued at $281,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. Pegasus Partners Ltd. increased its stake in McKesson by 0.5% in the third quarter. Pegasus Partners Ltd. now owns 3,495 shares of the company’s stock valued at $583,000 after buying an additional 17 shares during the period. Regentatlantic Capital LLC increased its stake in McKesson by 0.8% in the third quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC now owns 3,148 shares of the company’s stock valued at $525,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. SRB Corp increased its stake in McKesson by 3.4% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 814 shares of the company’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the period. Finally, Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in McKesson by 1.0% in the third quarter. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. now owns 2,875 shares of the company’s stock valued at $479,000 after buying an additional 28 shares during the period. 87.81% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) traded down 1.26% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $135.92. 1,336,767 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $28.82 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.13 and a beta of 1.06. McKesson Co. has a 52-week low of $114.53 and a 52-week high of $199.43. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $145.96 and its 200-day moving average price is $146.22. McKesson (NYSE:MCK) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $3.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.95 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $50.13 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $50.71 billion. McKesson had a return on equity of 30.05% and a net margin of 0.97%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $3.18 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that McKesson Co. will post $12.62 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st were issued a dividend of $0.28 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 27th. This represents a $1.12 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.82%. McKesson’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 13.25%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/mckesson-co-mck-position-held-by-courier-capital-llc.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on the stock. Leerink Swann set a $155.00 price objective on shares of McKesson and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Vetr raised shares of McKesson from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $157.86 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Evercore ISI reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $166.00 price objective on shares of McKesson in a report on Monday, April 17th. Needham & Company LLC assumed coverage on shares of McKesson in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. They set a “hold” rating on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of McKesson from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $171.00 to $169.00 in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $170.12. In other news, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 100,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $150.44, for a total transaction of $15,119,220.00. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 22,390 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,368,351.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 1.15% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. McKesson Company Profile McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MCK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK). Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kimberly Clark Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimberly Clark Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Atria Investments LLC Has $240,000 Position in American Water Works Company Inc (AWK) Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Shares Sold by Atria Investments LLC Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (AMRI) Shares Bought by Atria Investments LLC Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Holds Position in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Maintains Position in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Acquires 795 Shares of Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Very Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Dr Pepper Snapple Group (DPS) Stock Price Park Sterling Corp (PSTB) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.59 ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Franklin Covey (FC) Receiving Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Waters (WAT) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.69 Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Position Boosted by Atria Investments LLC Capstone Asset Management Co. Has $1.74 Million Stake in Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Stake Increased by First Command Financial Services Inc. Lathrop Investment Management Corp Sells 2,429 Shares of Nike Inc (NKE) International Paper Co (IP) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Civista Bancshares Inc (CIVB) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $17.92 Million $981.06 Million in Sales Expected for Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P (CLMT) This Quarter Bryn Mawr Bank Corp. (bmtc) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 28th Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (CTSH) Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. Maintains Position in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Starfire Investment Advisers Inc. maintained its stake in Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 2,675 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Starfire Investment Advisers Inc.’s holdings in Kimberly Clark Corp were worth $356,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp by 25.6% in the third quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. now owns 1,692 shares of the company’s stock valued at $214,000 after buying an additional 345 shares during the last quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D boosted its stake in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp by 2.4% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 428,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $53,988,000 after buying an additional 10,000 shares during the last quarter. Papp L Roy & Associates boosted its stake in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp by 3.5% in the third quarter. Papp L Roy & Associates now owns 3,950 shares of the company’s stock valued at $498,000 after buying an additional 132 shares during the last quarter. Rathbone Brothers plc boosted its stake in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp by 1.1% in the third quarter. Rathbone Brothers plc now owns 25,196 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,178,000 after buying an additional 277 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Iowa State Bank boosted its stake in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp by 2.9% in the third quarter. Iowa State Bank now owns 22,414 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,827,000 after buying an additional 629 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 68.65% of the company’s stock. Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) opened at 129.96 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $132.76 and a 200 day moving average of $122.15. Kimberly Clark Corp has a 1-year low of $111.30 and a 1-year high of $138.87. The firm has a market capitalization of $46.30 billion, a PE ratio of 21.70 and a beta of 0.65. Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $1.45 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.42 by $0.03. Kimberly Clark Corp had a return on equity of 614.22% and a net margin of 11.90%. The business earned $4.50 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.56 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.42 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .1% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Kimberly Clark Corp will post $6.33 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be given a $0.97 dividend. This represents a $3.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.99%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 7th. Kimberly Clark Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 61.54%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/starfire-investment-advisers-inc-maintains-position-in-kimberly-clark-corp-kmb.html. Several analysts have commented on the stock. Vetr cut shares of Kimberly Clark Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $139.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Kimberly Clark Corp in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $139.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Kimberly Clark Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $150.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Jefferies Group LLC assumed coverage on shares of Kimberly Clark Corp in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “hold” rating and a $134.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “hold” rating and set a $121.00 price objective on shares of Kimberly Clark Corp in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $133.58. In other news, insider Kimberly K. Underhill sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $120.95, for a total value of $483,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 17,912 shares in the company, valued at $2,166,456.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Kimberly Clark Corp Kimberly-Clark Corporation is engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of a range of products made from natural or synthetic fibers. The Company’s segments include Personal Care, Consumer Tissue, K-C Professional and Corporate & Other. The Company’s Personal Care segment offers various solutions and products, such as disposable diapers, training and youth pants, swimpants, baby wipes, feminine and incontinence care products, and other related products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding KMB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB). Receive News & Ratings for Kimberly Clark Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimberly Clark Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American International Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American International Group (AIG) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.49 Bank of Montreal Can Purchases 6,347 Shares of Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Shares Bought by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Dynamic Advisors Solutions LLC Has $1.395 Million Stake in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Bank of Montreal Can Sells 24,731 Shares of Steris PLC (STE) Bank of Montreal Can Decreases Position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Buys 565 Shares of Celgene Co. (CELG) Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Stake Cut by Vontobel Asset Management Inc. McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Position Maintained by LVM Capital Management Ltd. MI Hexcel Co. (HXL) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.11 on May 9th ADMA Biologics (ADMA) Receiving Very Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows AAC Holdings (AAC) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.15 AES Corp (AES) Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX PVH Corp (PVH) Shares Sold by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Sells 1,222 Shares of Torchmark Co. (TMK) CVS Health Corp (CVS) Shares Sold by Forte Capital LLC ADV Douglass Winthrop Advisors LLC Buys 27,600 Shares of Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) Stake Cut by Creative Planning American International Group (AIG) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.49 April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about American International Group (NYSE:AIG) has trended positive on Sunday, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group, a service of Accern, ranks the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. American International Group earned a daily sentiment score of 0.49 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media headlines about the insurance provider an impact score of 90 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is very likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the immediate future. These are some of the media headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Wells Fargo & Co Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for American International Group Inc (AIG) (americanbankingnews.com) AIG Nears a Selection for CEO — WSJ | Fox Business – Fox Business (foxbusiness.com) AIG Considers Greenberg Acolyte as Next CEO – Wall Street Journal (subscription) (wsj.com) [$$] AIG Considers Greenberg Acolyte as Next CEO (finance.yahoo.com) American International Group (NYSE:AIG) Is Weighing A Plan To Hire Brian Duperreault – eMarketsDaily (emarketsdaily.com) American International Group (NYSE:AIG) opened at 59.13 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $61.74 and a 200 day moving average price of $63.23. American International Group has a 52 week low of $48.41 and a 52 week high of $67.47. The firm’s market capitalization is $57.92 billion. American International Group (NYSE:AIG) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The insurance provider reported ($2.72) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.18 by $3.90. The firm earned $14.13 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.51 billion. American International Group had a net margin of 0.66% and a return on equity of 1.82%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($1.10) EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that American International Group will post $4.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were paid a $0.32 dividend. This represents a $1.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.16%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. American International Group’s payout ratio is presently 290.92%. Several research firms have recently weighed in on AIG. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $72.00 price target on American International Group and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, April 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price target on American International Group from $69.00 to $65.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Wells Fargo & Co restated a “buy” rating on shares of American International Group in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $74.00 price target on shares of American International Group in a report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG cut American International Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $6.00 to $5.00 in a report on Monday, March 13th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and two have assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. American International Group presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $65.18. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/american-international-group-aig-receives-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-49.html. In other news, insider Philip Fasano sold 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.59, for a total value of $381,540.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Company insiders own 1.04% of the company’s stock. About American International Group American International Group, Inc is a global insurance company. The Company provides a range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products and other financial services to commercial and individual customers. Its segments include Commercial Insurance, Consumer Insurance, Other Operations and Legacy Portfolio. Receive News & Ratings for American International Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Magazine Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Magazine World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Quizzes Puzzles Newsletters Authors Shop Special report: THE IDEA FACTORY Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK Analysis Edit Will Trump break up the banks? The Week Staff YAY Media AS / Alamy Stock Vector April 23, 2017 ADVERTISEMENT Sign Up for Our free email newsletters 10 things you need to know today Today's best articles Today's top cartoons The good news newsletter The week's best photojournalism Daily business briefing The smartest insight and analysis, from all perspectives, rounded up from around the web: Wall Street's "dream president" could turn out to be its biggest nightmare, said Michael Corkery and Jessica Silver-Greenberg at The New York Times. President Trump has vowed to roll back financial regulations, much to the delight of big banks. But the president's top advisers "continue to float an idea that would not only hurt the nation's largest banks, it would upend them." In a recent meeting with lawmakers, Gary Cohn, the White House's chief economic adviser, said the administration is open to resurrecting the Glass-Steagall Act. This Depression-era law forced the separation of retail banking from investment banking, splitting the industry into Wall Street trading firms and Main Street banks taking deposits. It stood for decades before being repealed during a wave of deregulation by President Bill Clinton in the late 1990s. Bringing back a version of Glass-Steagall is that Washington rarity, an idea with bipartisan support. Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren has seized on Cohn's comments and reintroduced a bill she sponsored with Republican Sen. John McCain, called the 21st-century Glass-Steagall Act. Suddenly, overhauling Wall Street is "back in vogue." "Breaking up the banks offers a lot to like," said Barry Ritholtz at Bloomberg. The repeal of Glass-Steagall probably didn't cause the 2008 financial crisis, as it's often been accused of doing, but by encouraging banks to become bigger and more intertwined, it almost certainly made the crash "significantly worse." Bringing back Glass-Steagall would restore the "firebreak" between Wall Street and Main Street by preventing large investors from risking everyday people's money on speculative bets. But there's another bonus: Restoring Glass-Steagall would also effectively end the problem of too-big-to-fail banks. After all, "when a speculative bank blows up, who really cares?" Big investors would be hurt, but consumers would largely be insulated. Bankers are worried, and they should be, said John Authers at the Financial Times. "Hatred of Wall Street is intense" on both sides of the aisle, and a revived Glass-Steagall "would inoculate politicians against the charge of being too soft" on Big Finance. At first glance, it's a shock that Cohn, the former No. 2 at Goldman Sachs, is one of those pushing Trump to shrink the banks, said Jordan Weissmann at Slate. "But maybe it shouldn't be so surprising." For most of its history, Goldman Sachs was a pure investment bank, and dominated the industry. But after Glass-Steagall was repealed, Goldman had to compete with huge financial-service conglomerates like Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase. "Maybe Cohn has considered that." Glass-Steagall "has become the shorthand for reining in bankers," said Nicholas Lemann at The New Yorker. But would it really be effective? Rebuilding the wall between investment and retail banking wouldn't do anything to address the main problems that caused the financial crisis, like overleveraged banks and insufficient capital. Dodd-Frank, however, does. "It's entirely possible" that a new Glass-Steagall would be used by Congress as a fig leaf for gutting the most important consumer protections enacted since the recession. "And that would be the first step on the road to the next crisis." Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT SHARE!   Try 4 Risk-Free Issues of The Week magazine. More business articles See All No one understands health insurance. That's a problem. Alexandra Ossola How Havana's small business boom exposes a stark racial divide Deepa Fernandes 5 great home security products The Week Staff Most popular See All 1 How America got fleeced by TurboTax Jeff Spross 2 The trouble with Emmanuel Macron James Poulos 3 Erin Moran, Joanie on Happy Days, is dead at 56 Peter Weber Around the web Powered By ZergNet More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Radius Health Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Shares Bought by Creative Planning QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Stake Increased by Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Cut by Charter Trust Co. Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC Sells 2,214 Shares of International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Shares Sold by Atlas Brown Inc. Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Stake Reduced by Rathbone Brothers plc Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) Short Interest Update Movado Group, Inc (MOV) Short Interest Up 53.9% in March Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $4.119 Million Position in China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) Macquarie Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Macquarie Group Ltd. Cuts Position in Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) Force Capital Management LLC Has $6.618 Million Position in Visa Inc (V) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $718,000 Stake in Visa Inc (V) Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Has $13.803 Million Position in TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Position Cut by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 19,411 Shares of Twitter Inc (TWTR) Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 41,279 Shares of Pandora Media Inc (P) Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Shares Bought by Creative Planning April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Creative Planning boosted its stake in Radius Health Inc (NASDAQ:RDUS) by 11.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 16,685 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 1,720 shares during the period. Creative Planning’s holdings in Radius Health were worth $645,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in RDUS. Peregrine Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Radius Health by 5.7% in the first quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC now owns 223,773 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $8,741,000 after buying an additional 12,012 shares during the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Radius Health by 20.8% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 18,987 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $722,000 after buying an additional 3,263 shares during the last quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Radius Health by 69.5% in the fourth quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 100,000 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $3,803,000 after buying an additional 41,000 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Radius Health by 3.4% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 51,735 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,967,000 after buying an additional 1,692 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Radius Health during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $13,519,000. Institutional investors own 95.84% of the company’s stock. Shares of Radius Health Inc (NASDAQ:RDUS) opened at 38.23 on Friday. Radius Health Inc has a 12-month low of $29.27 and a 12-month high of $59.88. The company’s 50 day moving average is $38.51 and its 200 day moving average is $43.93. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.65 billion. Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.22) earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.34) by $0.12. During the same period last year, the company posted ($0.77) EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Radius Health Inc will post ($4.24) earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Radius Health Inc (RDUS) Shares Bought by Creative Planning” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/radius-health-inc-rdus-shares-bought-by-creative-planning.html. Several research analysts have commented on the stock. HC Wainwright reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $66.00 target price (down from $71.00) on shares of Radius Health in a report on Friday, March 24th. Canaccord Genuity set a $85.00 target price on shares of Radius Health and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Maxim Group set a $24.00 target price on shares of Radius Health and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Saturday, March 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Radius Health in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 target price on shares of Radius Health in a report on Friday, March 10th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $58.33. In related news, major shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech acquired 50,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was bought at an average price of $35.83 per share, with a total value of $1,791,500.00. Following the acquisition, the insider now owns 4,540,399 shares in the company, valued at approximately $162,682,496.17. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech acquired 61,721 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $39.97 per share, with a total value of $2,466,988.37. Following the acquisition, the insider now owns 4,415,930 shares in the company, valued at approximately $176,504,722.10. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have acquired 180,000 shares of company stock valued at $6,910,177. Insiders own 16.80% of the company’s stock. About Radius Health Radius Health, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the developing therapeutics in the areas of osteoporosis, oncology and endocrine diseases. The Company’s lead investigational product candidate, abaloparatide for subcutaneous injection, or abaloparatide-SC, has completed Phase III development for potential use in the treatment of women with postmenopausal osteoporosis. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RDUS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Radius Health Inc (NASDAQ:RDUS). Receive News & Ratings for Radius Health Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercadolibre Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $4.119 Million Position in China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) Macquarie Group Ltd. Reduces Stake in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Macquarie Group Ltd. Cuts Position in Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) Force Capital Management LLC Has $6.618 Million Position in Visa Inc (V) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Has $718,000 Stake in Visa Inc (V) Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Has $13.803 Million Position in TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Position Cut by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 19,411 Shares of Twitter Inc (TWTR) Chesapeake Utilities Co. (CPK) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 41,279 Shares of Pandora Media Inc (P) M Holdings Securities Inc. Raises Stake in Home Depot Inc (HD) HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Increases Stake in Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 23,534 Shares of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Grp, Inc. (SMFG) Norges Bank Invests $10.913 Million in Omnicell, Inc. (OMCL) Norges Bank Purchases Shares of 549,510 Oritani Financial Corp. (ORIT) Norges Bank Takes Position in Newpark Resources Inc (NR) Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) Short Interest Update Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Class A (OSG) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its position in Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) by 53.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 26,121 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 9,052 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd.’s holdings in Mercadolibre were worth $4,078,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of MELI. Stephens Investment Management Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Mercadolibre by 7.0% in the third quarter. Stephens Investment Management Group LLC now owns 157,844 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,196,000 after buying an additional 10,314 shares during the period. California Public Employees Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of Mercadolibre by 1.0% in the third quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 70,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,022,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the period. Carmignac Gestion boosted its stake in shares of Mercadolibre by 4.1% in the third quarter. Carmignac Gestion now owns 2,323,306 shares of the company’s stock worth $429,742,000 after buying an additional 91,854 shares during the period. WCM Investment Management CA boosted its stake in shares of Mercadolibre by 0.9% in the third quarter. WCM Investment Management CA now owns 358,749 shares of the company’s stock worth $66,358,000 after buying an additional 3,184 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the fourth quarter worth $36,985,000. 76.61% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) opened at 223.82 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $214.41 and a 200-day moving average of $184.24. Mercadolibre Inc has a 12-month low of $122.30 and a 12-month high of $226.21. The firm has a market cap of $9.88 billion, a PE ratio of 72.48 and a beta of 2.17. Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $1.16 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.92 by $0.24. The firm earned $256.30 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $249.16 million. Mercadolibre had a return on equity of 38.86% and a net margin of 16.13%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 41.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.88 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Mercadolibre Inc will post $4.31 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 17th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st were issued a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.27%. Mercadolibre’s dividend payout ratio is currently 21.43%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/mercadolibre-inc-meli-shares-bought-by-macquarie-group-ltd.html. MELI has been the topic of a number of research reports. Bank of America Corp raised shares of Mercadolibre from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $210.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, January 30th. Pacific Crest initiated coverage on shares of Mercadolibre in a report on Friday, February 17th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $210.00 target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $250.00 target price on shares of Mercadolibre and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Mercadolibre from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $175.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, December 27th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $200.00 target price on shares of Mercadolibre in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $206.82. In other Mercadolibre news, VP Stelleo Tolda sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $211.00, for a total transaction of $422,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Insiders own 0.36% of the company’s stock. Mercadolibre Company Profile MercadoLibre, Inc is an e-commerce company. The Company enables commerce through its marketplace platform in Latin America, which is designed to provide users with a portfolio of services to facilitate commercial transactions. Its geographic segments are Brazil, Argentina, Mexico Venezuela and Other Countries (which includes Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Guatemala, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and the United States of America). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MELI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI). Receive News & Ratings for Mercadolibre Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Elsztain Says IDB Has At Least Two Bidders for Clal Insurance by Yaacov Benmeleh @kbenme More stories by Yaacov Benmeleh , Gabrielle Coppola @gablova More stories by Gabrielle Coppola , and Pablo Rosendo Gonzalez @Pablo_Rosendo More stories by Pablo Rosendo Gonzalez April 22, 2017, 11:00 PM EDT Public stock sale would mean 40% loss of value, Elsztain says Developer declines to specify next steps in court battle Eduardo Elsztain, the Argentine real estate developer who controls Israeli conglomerate IDB Development Corp., said he has at least two bidders for the company’s insurance unit, Clal Insurance Enterprises Holdings Ltd. Elsztain is fighting a sale of the company in the public market after facing a court order to divest. Selling equity on the stock exchange would inflict a 40 percent loss on shareholders because the company is trading below book value, he said Friday. IDB has more than two interested parties willing to pay a much higher price than Clal’s market value, he said. “For us to be forced to sell in the market is very negative,” Elsztain said in an interview at Bloomberg’s New York headquarters. “Let us sell with time and peace.” He said that under the anti-concentration law the deadline for a sale will be 2019. He didn’t elaborate on how he plans to respond to the recent court ruling. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The Argentine businessman, who wrested control of a distressed IDB from Israeli tycoon Nochi Dankner in 2014, has lobbied Israeli regulators unsuccessfully to keep his share of the insurer. On April 5, a Tel Aviv court ordered the trustee managing IDB’s holdings in Clal to sell the first of 5 percent tranches of the insurer’s shares on the stock exchange within 30 days, in line with the directions from Israel’s finance ministry. Regulators had given Elsztain until January 2016 to find a buyer for his entire stake, before he would have to begin unloading the stock. IDB owns 55 percent of Clal Insurance, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. IDB hired JPMorgan Chase & Co. to advise on the sale of Clal. The floated shares have lost 6.4 percent in trading on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange since the April court order. The regulators are concerned about keeping Clal under IDB control because it exposes the company to the conglomerate’s heavy debt load and contributes to the concentration of corporate ownership in Israel, hurting competition. On the other hand, the government has driven off bidders from China, who were willing to pay a premium to IDB but couldn’t allay concerns of finance ministry officials. Clal controls 15 percent of Israel’s long-term savings market, according to the company website. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy French Bonds Surge, Euro Climbs as Macron, Le Pen Win Elections A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Space May Be Next Frontier for Earth's Crude Oil Giants: Analyst Israel Strikes Weapons Depot in Southern Syria, Al Jazeera Says Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance People's United Financial Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $1.561 Million Stake in People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Cardinal Financial Co. (CFNL) Position Lowered by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Decreases Stake in XOMA Co. (XOMA) Fmr LLC Has $312,000 Position in Sandy Spring Bancorp Inc. (SASR) 15,200 Shares in Changyou.Com Ltd (CYOU) Acquired by Fmr LLC FY2017 EPS Estimates for BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Raised by Analyst FIG Partners Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Debt Trading 0.8% Higher Sunrun Inc (RUN) Short Interest Up 4.5% in March Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Short Interest Update Investors Purchase High Volume of Call Options on PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Fmr LLC Acquires New Position in Flagstar Bancorp Inc (FBC) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $9.315 Million Stake in Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Landec Co. (LNDC) Position Raised by State Street Corp Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $108 Million Position in Luby's, Inc. (LUB) State Street Corp Increases Stake in DSP Group, Inc. (DSPG) State Street Corp Purchases Shares of 317,641 Golfsmith International Holdings, Inc. (GOLF) State Street Corp Has $6.157 Million Position in Eros International plc (EROS) State Street Corp Has $6.339 Million Position in First Connecticut Bancorp Inc (FBNK) Research Analysts Set Expectations for W W Grainger Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (GWW) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $1.561 Million Stake in People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in shares of People's United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) by 218.7% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 80,628 shares of the bank’s stock after buying an additional 55,328 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC’s holdings in People's United Financial were worth $1,561,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the stock. OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp boosted its stake in People's United Financial by 2.2% in the third quarter. OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp now owns 538,000 shares of the bank’s stock worth $8,511,000 after buying an additional 11,500 shares during the period. Pacad Investment Ltd. raised its stake in shares of People's United Financial by 12.1% in the fourth quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. now owns 84,500 shares of the bank’s stock worth $1,636,000 after buying an additional 9,100 shares in the last quarter. M&T Bank Corp raised its stake in shares of People's United Financial by 3.4% in the third quarter. M&T Bank Corp now owns 2,279,905 shares of the bank’s stock worth $36,068,000 after buying an additional 74,322 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of People's United Financial by 4.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 9,785,005 shares of the bank’s stock worth $154,799,000 after buying an additional 391,770 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State of Tennessee Treasury Department raised its stake in shares of People's United Financial by 48.3% in the third quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 102,255 shares of the bank’s stock worth $1,618,000 after buying an additional 33,320 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.80% of the company’s stock. Shares of People's United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) opened at 17.59 on Friday. People's United Financial, Inc. has a 52 week low of $13.80 and a 52 week high of $20.13. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.43 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.16 and a beta of 0.83. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $18.21 and a 200-day moving average price of $18.25. People's United Financial (NASDAQ:PBCT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 20th. The bank reported $0.22 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.22. People's United Financial had a return on equity of 5.86% and a net margin of 19.12%. The business had revenue of $342.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $336.29 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.21 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 4.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that People's United Financial, Inc. will post $0.96 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 1st will be issued a dividend of $0.1725 per share. This is a boost from People's United Financial’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This represents a $0.69 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.92%. People's United Financial’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 73.91%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/renaissance-technologies-llc-has-1-561-million-stake-in-peoples-united-financial-inc-pbct.html. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered People's United Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Barclays PLC lifted their price target on People's United Financial from $17.00 to $18.00 and gave the stock an “underweight” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Sandler O’Neill raised People's United Financial from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $17.00 to $19.50 in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Wells Fargo & Co assumed coverage on People's United Financial in a research note on Friday, January 6th. They issued a “market perform” rating on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on People's United Financial in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $20.50 price target on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have assigned a hold rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $18.31. In other news, insider Galan G. Daukas sold 9,143 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.21, for a total transaction of $175,637.03. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, VP David K. Norton sold 149,965 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.24, for a total value of $2,885,326.60. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 276,891 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,327,382.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 292,768 shares of company stock worth $5,590,175 in the last 90 days. Insiders own 2.90% of the company’s stock. People's United Financial Company Profile People’s United Financial, Inc is a bank holding company and a financial holding company of People’s United Bank (the Bank). The Bank is engaged in providing commercial banking, retail banking and wealth management services to individual, corporate and municipal customers. The Company operates through two segments: Commercial Banking and Retail Banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PBCT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for People's United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT). Receive News & Ratings for People's United Financial Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for People's United Financial Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hanmi Financial Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hanmi Financial Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Comments on Procter & Gamble Co’s Q3 2017 Earnings (PG) W. R. Grace & Co to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.84 Per Share, Seaport Global Securities Forecasts (GRA) DA Davidson Comments on Hanmi Financial Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (HAFC) Wi-LAN Inc (WIN) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday VCA Inc (WOOF) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Brokers Issue Forecasts for Synovus Financial Corp.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SNV) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for ADTRAN, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ADTN) Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.32 Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for American Express Company Raised by DA Davidson (AXP) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Cut by Wedbush Investors Buy United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) on Weakness After Insider Selling Capella Education Company (CPLA) to Release Earnings on Tuesday Stifel Nicolaus Raises Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) Price Target to $170.00 Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Netflix, Inc. Reduced by Dougherty & Co (NFLX) Anadarko Petroleum Co. Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.41) Per Share (APC) Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.13 Per Share, Desjardins Forecasts (AEM) Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $2.66 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts Cormark Comments on Trevali Mining Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (TV) BankUnited (BKU) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Bristol-Myers Squibb Co’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BMY) DA Davidson Comments on Hanmi Financial Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (HAFC) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Hanmi Financial Corp (NASDAQ:HAFC) – Investment analysts at DA Davidson cut their Q3 2017 earnings estimates for Hanmi Financial Corp in a report issued on Wednesday. DA Davidson analyst G. Tenner now expects that the bank will post earnings of $0.47 per share for the quarter, down from their previous forecast of $0.49. DA Davidson also issued estimates for Hanmi Financial Corp’s Q4 2017 earnings at $0.50 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $1.87 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $2.12 EPS. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on HAFC. Zacks Investment Research lowered Hanmi Financial Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Piper Jaffray Companies lowered their price target on Hanmi Financial Corp from $34.00 to $32.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “hold” rating on shares of Hanmi Financial Corp in a research note on Thursday. Finally, FBR & Co boosted their price target on Hanmi Financial Corp from $38.00 to $39.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, one has given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $32.20. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/da-davidson-comments-on-hanmi-financial-corps-q3-2017-earnings-hafc.html. Shares of Hanmi Financial Corp (NASDAQ:HAFC) opened at 28.75 on Friday. Hanmi Financial Corp has a one year low of $21.73 and a one year high of $35.85. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $30.32 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.91. The stock has a market capitalization of $919.60 million, a P/E ratio of 16.43 and a beta of 0.98. Hanmi Financial Corp (NASDAQ:HAFC) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The bank reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $49.57 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $51.16 million. Hanmi Financial Corp had a net margin of 26.70% and a return on equity of 10.81%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.46 earnings per share. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Hanmi Financial Corp by 7.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,236,930 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $58,921,000 after buying an additional 155,564 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its position in shares of Hanmi Financial Corp by 5.3% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,842,584 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $64,306,000 after buying an additional 93,400 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its position in shares of Hanmi Financial Corp by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,332,499 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $46,505,000 after buying an additional 58,099 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Hanmi Financial Corp by 4.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 962,106 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $25,342,000 after buying an additional 42,176 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp raised its stake in Hanmi Financial Corp by 20.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 908,954 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $31,724,000 after buying an additional 151,820 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 86.36% of the company’s stock. Hanmi Financial Corp Company Profile Hanmi Financial Corporation is the holding company for Hanmi Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a community bank conducting general business banking, with its primary market encompassing the Korean-American community, as well as other ethnic communities across California, Colorado, Georgia, Illinois, New York, Texas, Virginia and Washington. Receive News & Ratings for Hanmi Financial Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hanmi Financial Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Wells Fargo scandal weighs on big banks The Associated Press | Saturday, April 22, 2017, 9:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. DALLAS — It's the topic the banking industry can't avoid, even when people prefer not to mention it by name: Wells Fargo. Banking executives and consultants who normally focus on checking accounts and credit cards spent a recent conference talking about “cross-selling” and “incentive compensation.” Those are code words for Wells Fargo, and the up to 2 million accounts that its employees opened without customer permission as they sought to meet unrealistic sales goals. And circulating among Wells Fargo's biggest competitors is the scathing report from the bank's board of directors that laid blame for its toxic sales practices on negligent management. Eager not to be the next Wells Fargo, some other big banks say they are examining their own practices against the board report and actively looking for ways to avoid any sales issues before becoming engulfed in a similar kind of scandal. “Any major occurrence in the industry is going to impact us all,” said Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association, the trade and lobbying group that organized the recent CBA Live gathering. Wells had by far the most aggressive sales goals among the big banks, and the board's report said the problems date back at least 15 years — but that executives had little interest in dealing with the issue until it spiraled out of control. The board also reclaimed another $75 million in pay from former CEO John Stumpf and former community bank executive Carrie Tolstedt, saying they dragged their feet for years. That report has been making its way through top executive offices at nearly every big bank, executives said. JPMorgan Chase's upper management is reviewing the report, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said last week. The same is happening at Citigroup. Both banks have looked at their own sales behavior and say they found nothing amiss. Bank of America Chief Financial Officer Paul Dino­frio declined to say whether executives reviewed the report, but stressed “we feel good about our sales practices.” For the industry, the next potential shoe to drop will likely be from federal bank regulator the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, whose bank examiners are combing through each of the big banks' sales programs. Their findings are expected this summer. And the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is doing its own investigation. In the meantime, it was clear at CBA Live that managers were actively searching for ideas on how to stop what happened at Wells from potentially occurring at their banks. “We need to do a better job in teaching our front-line employees to speak up when something doesn't smell right,” Ed Dwyer, chief risk officer for community banking at U.S. Bank, said to fellow bank executives in a panel. More Business Alcoa's homecoming a symbolic win for 'birthplace of aluminum industry' Changes coming to credit score calculations What to do with a former coal mine? Make it a solar farm When car ownership fades, this parking garage will be ready for its next life Virtual reality expected to shake up future of real estate TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Penguins-Capitals playoff series to open Thursday Hornqvist earns spot on Crosby line for Penguins After this Pittsburgh sports fan died, her grandfather wrote a letter to the Pirates Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Featured Photography Penguins vs. Blue Jackets: Series highlights from the first round of the 2017 NHL Playoffs A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AK Steel Holding Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Weighs in on PNM Resources Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNM) AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) Issued By Wedbush EuroPacific Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Gastar Exploration Inc (GST) SPDR S&P Biotech Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (XBI) Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Direxion Shares Exchange Traded Fund Trust (DUST) Seaport Global Securities Weighs in on Interface, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (TILE) Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Southern Co (SO) Analysts Expect Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $34.51 Million RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.51 Per Share New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Pretium Resources Inc (PVG) Receives C$16.79 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Analysts Anticipate WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (WETF) to Post $0.04 Earnings Per Share Trevena Inc (TRVN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set NOW Inc (DNOW) Target Price at $19.25 Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Earns Buy Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Earns “Market Perform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Shutterstock Inc (SSTK) GDS Holdings Ltd – (GDS) Receives “Buy” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Downgraded to Outperform at Evercore ISI AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday April 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet AK Steel Holding Co. (NYSE:AKS) is scheduled to issue its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. AK Steel Holding (NYSE:AKS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 24th. The basic materials company reported $0.25 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.07 by $0.18. The business had revenue of $1.42 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.42 billion. AK Steel Holding had a negative return on equity of 47.34% and a negative net margin of 0.13%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 8.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.30 EPS. On average, analysts expect AK Steel Holding to post $0.68 EPS for the current fiscal year and $0.89 EPS for the next fiscal year. AK Steel Holding Co. (NYSE:AKS) opened at 6.72 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $7.36 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.98. The firm’s market cap is $2.12 billion. AK Steel Holding Co. has a one year low of $3.31 and a one year high of $11.39. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/22/ak-steel-holding-co-aks-to-release-quarterly-earnings-on-tuesday.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on AK Steel Holding from $9.00 to $11.50 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday. Citigroup Inc upgraded AK Steel Holding from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $8.00 to $7.00 in a report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a $9.00 price objective (up previously from $8.00) on shares of AK Steel Holding in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Vetr upgraded AK Steel Holding from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $9.14 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut AK Steel Holding from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, two have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $8.22. AK Steel Holding Company Profile AK Steel Holding Corporation is a producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steels, and tubular products through its subsidiary, AK Steel Corporation (AK Steel). The Company also operates blast furnaces and electric arc furnaces. As of December 31, 2016, its operations included eight steelmaking and finishing plants, two coke plants and two tube manufacturing plants across states, including Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia, and a tube manufacturing plant in Mexico. Receive News & Ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video ANALYSIS: Macron must win big now to have a chance of fulfilling pledges Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Mon Apr 24, 2017 | 10:04am IST ANALYSIS: Macron must win big now to have a chance of fulfilling pledges Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, gestures after partial results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, at the Parc des Expositions hall in Paris, France April... REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer By Michel Rose | PARIS PARIS Emmanuel Macron's camp should perhaps keep the champagne on ice a little longer. The young independent centrist's qualification on Sunday for the runoff of France's presidential election in two weeks' time will certainly bring a sigh of relief in European capitals and financial markets; opinion polls suggest he will beat his far-right rival Marine Le Pen with ease. But to have a real chance of implementing the reform of France's economy and politics that he wants, he needs a victory big enough to enlist popular figures from established parties in the parliamentary election that follows in June. According to an almost-complete count, Macron beat Le Pen by around 24 percent to 22 percent. It may have been a huge triumph for a 39-year-old never elected to public office who was virtually unknown in France before becoming economy minister three years ago, and only founded his political movement last year. But it was also, in a packed field, the lowest score of any first-round winner since 2002. Then, it was Jacques Chirac who scored only 20 percent - but benefited from a joint effort by all mainstream parties to block his National Front challenger, Le Pen's father Jean-Marie, to secure a crushing win in the runoff by 82 percent to 18. This time, the mainstream conservatives and Socialists also quickly urged their supporters to vote to block Marine Le Pen. "He's going to adopt a rallying posture just like (former president Jacques) Chirac did in 2002," said Francois Kraus of pollsters Ifop. But in 2017, the endorsements of conservatives and Socialists combined accounted for only 26 percent of votes. Analysts say that if Macron fails to win more than 60 percent in the second round, he may find it hard to reassure a divided country that he has what it takes to reform the euro zone's second-largest economy, which is only starting to pick up speed after five years of anaemic growth. Then, in turn, he might struggle to turn his promise to transcend traditional party divides into a working majority for his En Marche! (Onwards!) movement in June's parliamentary election, six weeks later. MOMENTUM Macron addressed that head-on in his victory speech, saying that "the power of the momentum behind me will be the key to my ability to lead and govern". Two surveys conducted on Sunday put him on 64 and 62 percent respectively for the second round. But in Le Pen, the former Rothschild investment banker faces a formidable rival. "It's more complicated than it looks - a new campaign is starting," said Francois Miquet-Marty of pollster Viavoice. "Marine Le Pen is going to frame this as a face-off between Emmanuel Macron, the candidate of the globalised elite, and herself as the people's candidate," he said. "She has a line of attack that can hit the bullseye." And endorsements from mainstream parties could also work against Macron in a country where the divide between 'haves' and 'have nots' has been pushing up support year after year for Le Pen's message that only she can defend French workers' jobs and rights. On Sunday night, Le Pen and her allies dismissed Macron as the candidate of a dying establishment: "Change is obviously not going to come from the heir of (outgoing president) Francois Hollande and his disastrous mandate of failures," she told supporters. Miquet-Marty said Macron would "need a more offensive approach, and to distill the message that a Macron presidency would be more peaceful than a Le Pen one". Again, Macron hinted at this when he told supporters: "The challenge from tonight is not to go and vote against whoever it might be; the challenge is to decide to break completely with a system that has been incapable of dealing with our country's problems for more than 30 years." ECONOMIC COMPETENCE In his favour, analysts say, is the fact that 35 percent of voters thought Macron was the best candidate to put the French economy on the right track, against only 20 percent for Le Pen, according to a recent Odoxa poll. Meanwhile Le Pen's anti-euro stance, which is rejected by many of her own supporters, as well as a majority of voters, offers him a promising line of attack. Many analysts are now turning their attention beyond his expected victory in the second round to ask whether he can gather the political muscle to enact his programme. Macron says his party will field candidates in all 577 constituencies, but he has also made clear that he will welcome those from other parties who share his views. Some 50 Socialist legislators have already signed up to his movement, including some heavyweights, but the bigger his second-round score, the more attractive it will be for others to follow suit. He might have to make do with a coalition government. To many analysts and investors, the question is whether Macron's government, of whatever shape, can push through policies -- such as relaxing some labour laws -- that are likely to run into public resistance and have defeated previous, seemingly stronger admistrations. "His parliamentary majority could be extremely fragmented. We could find ourselves in a situation similar to what happened under the Fourth Republic, with an unstable majority," said political analysts Philippe Cossalter of Sarre University. Raphael Brun-Aguerre of JPMorgan Chase Bank said it would be very difficult for Macron to secure a majority in the lower house, adding: "We thus expect him to try to form a cross-party coalition around a narrow set of reforms." Macron's answer is that he has spent the last year proving the pundits wrong, and will do so again. "They're taking the French for idiots," he said at a recent rally. "The French are consistent. That's why, six weeks later, they will give us a majority to govern and legislate." (Additional reporting by Leigh Thomas; Ingrid Melander, Mathieu Rosemain and Emmanuel Jarry; Editing by Andrew Callus and Kevin Liffey) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In World News At least 35 killed in drug violence across Mexico - officials MEXICO CITY At least 35 people were killed over the weekend in Mexico, according to local officials, amid a widespread surge in drug gang violence that has driven murders to a level not seen since 2011. Afghan Taliban's brazen attack eclipses Trump's "mother of all bombs" KABUL Eight days after the U.S. military dropped its largest ever conventional bomb on suspected Islamic State fighters in eastern Afghanistan, Taliban militants breached an army base in the north of the country and killed scores of local soldiers. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick France's Macron appears set for Elysee in runoff with Le Pen Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Politics BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 France's Macron must win big now to have a chance of fulfilling pledges Michel Rose, Reuters Apr. 23, 2017, 8:33 PM 1,777 facebook linkedin twitter email print Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, attends a campaign rally in Marseille Thomson Reuters PARIS (Reuters) - Emmanuel Macron's camp should perhaps keep the champagne on ice a little longer. The young independent centrist's qualification on Sunday for the runoff of France's presidential election in two weeks' time will certainly bring a sigh of relief in European capitals and financial markets; opinion polls suggest he will beat his far-right rival Marine Le Pen with ease. But to have a real chance of implementing the reform of France's economy and politics that he wants, he needs a victory big enough to enlist popular figures from established parties in the parliamentary election that follows in June. According to an almost-complete count, Macron beat Le Pen by around 24 percent to 22 percent. It may have been a huge triumph for a 39-year-old never elected to public office who was virtually unknown in France before becoming economy minister three years ago, and only founded his political movement last year. But it was also, in a packed field, the lowest score of any first-round winner since 2002. Then, it was Jacques Chirac who scored only 20 percent - but benefited from a joint effort by all mainstream parties to block his National Front challenger, Le Pen's father Jean-Marie, to secure a crushing win in the runoff by 82 percent to 18. This time, the mainstream conservatives and Socialists also quickly urged their supporters to vote to block Marine Le Pen. "He's going to adopt a rallying posture just like (former president Jacques) Chirac did in 2002," said Francois Kraus of pollsters Ifop. But in 2017, the endorsements of conservatives and Socialists combined accounted for only 26 percent of votes. Analysts say that if Macron fails to win more than 60 percent in the second round, he may find it hard to reassure a divided country that he has what it takes to reform the euro zone's second-largest economy, which is only starting to pick up speed after five years of anemic growth. Then, in turn, he might struggle to turn his promise to transcend traditional party divides into a working majority for his En Marche! (Onwards!) movement in June's parliamentary election, six weeks later.  Momentum Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. Reuters Macron addressed that head-on in his victory speech, saying that "the power of the momentum behind me will be the key to my ability to lead and govern". Two surveys conducted on Sunday put him on 64 and 62 percent respectively for the second round. But in Le Pen, the former Rothschild investment banker faces a formidable rival. "It's more complicated than it looks - a new campaign is starting," said Francois Miquet-Marty of pollster Viavoice. "Marine Le Pen is going to frame this as a face-off between Emmanuel Macron, the candidate of the globalized elite, and herself as the people's candidate," he said. "She has a line of attack that can hit the bullseye." And endorsements from mainstream parties could also work against Macron in a country where the divide between 'haves' and 'have nots' has been pushing up support year after year for Le Pen's message that only she can defend French workers' jobs and rights. On Sunday night, Le Pen and her allies dismissed Macron as the candidate of a dying establishment: "Change is obviously not going to come from the heir of (outgoing president) Francois Hollande and his disastrous mandate of failures," she told supporters. Miquet-Marty said Macron would "need a more offensive approach, and to distill the message that a Macron presidency would be more peaceful than a Le Pen one". Again, Macron hinted at this when he told supporters: "The challenge from tonight is not to go and vote against whoever it might be; the challenge is to decide to break completely with a system that has been incapable of dealing with our country's problems for more than 30 years." Economic competence From L-R, campaign posters for candidates Marine Le Pen of the National Front (FN), Jean-Luc Melenchon of the Parti de Gauche, and Benoit Hamon of the Socialist Party who run in the 2017 French presidential election are seen in Paris, France. Reuters/Charles Platiau In his favor, analysts say, is the fact that 35 percent of voters thought Macron was the best candidate to put the French economy on the right track, against only 20 percent for Le Pen, according to a recent Odoxa poll. Meanwhile Le Pen's anti-euro stance, which is rejected by many of her own supporters, as well as a majority of voters, offers him a promising line of attack. Many analysts are now turning their attention beyond his expected victory in the second round to ask whether he can gather the political muscle to enact his program. Macron says his party will field candidates in all 577 constituencies, but he has also made clear that he will welcome those from other parties who share his views. Some 50 Socialist legislators have already signed up to his movement, including some heavyweights, but the bigger his second-round score, the more attractive it will be for others to follow suit. He might have to make do with a coalition government. To many analysts and investors, the question is whether Macron's government, of whatever shape, can push through policies -- such as relaxing some labor laws -- that are likely to run into public resistance and have defeated previous, seemingly stronger administrations. "His parliamentary majority could be extremely fragmented. We could find ourselves in a situation similar to what happened under the Fourth Republic, with an unstable majority," said political analysts Philippe Cossalter of Sarre University. Raphael Brun-Aguerre of JPMorgan Chase Bank said it would be very difficult for Macron to secure a majority in the lower house, adding: "We thus expect him to try to form a cross-party coalition around a narrow set of reforms." Macron's answer is that he has spent the last year proving the pundits wrong, and will do so again. "They're taking the French for idiots," he said at a recent rally. "The French are consistent. That's why, six weeks later, they will give us a majority to govern and legislate."   (Additional reporting by Leigh Thomas; Ingrid Melander, Mathieu Rosemain and Emmanuel Jarry; Editing by Andrew Callus and Kevin Liffey) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Germany's cabinet has approved a plan to fine social media companies up to €50 million over hate speech (FB) Prosecutor accuses Samsung chief of conspiring to hide millions of dollars in bribes (SSNLF) The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode NOW WATCH: This man spent 6 weeks working undercover in an iPhone factory in China — here's what it was like Loading video... More: France Election France Emmanuel Macron Marine Le Pen facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru France's Macron must win big now to have a chance of fulfilling pledges France's Macron must win big now to have a chance of fulfilling pledges PARIS (Reuters) - Emmanuel Macron's camp should... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Tesla bull makes his case: 'We think it's real .... it's a good car. That's not a fluke' More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Politics Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Macron must win big now to have a chance of fulfilling pledges By Reuters Published: 20:19 EDT, 23 April 2017 | Updated: 20:19 EDT, 23 April 2017 e-mail By Michel Rose PARIS, April 23 (Reuters) - Emmanuel Macron's camp should perhaps keep the champagne on ice a little longer. The young independent centrist's qualification on Sunday for the runoff of France's presidential election in two weeks' time will certainly bring a sigh of relief in European capitals and financial markets; opinion polls suggest he will beat his far-right rival Marine Le Pen with ease. But to have a real chance of implementing the reform of France's economy and politics that he wants, he needs a victory big enough to enlist popular figures from established parties in the parliamentary election that follows in June. According to an almost-complete count, Macron beat Le Pen by around 24 percent to 22 percent. It may have been a huge triumph for a 39-year-old never elected to public office who was virtually unknown in France before becoming economy minister three years ago, and only founded his political movement last year. But it was also, in a packed field, the lowest score of any first-round winner since 2002. Then, it was Jacques Chirac who scored only 20 percent - but benefited from a joint effort by all mainstream parties to block his National Front challenger, Le Pen's father Jean-Marie, to secure a crushing win in the runoff by 82 percent to 18. This time, the mainstream conservatives and Socialists also quickly urged their supporters to vote to block Marine Le Pen. "He's going to adopt a rallying posture just like (former president Jacques) Chirac did in 2002," said Francois Kraus of pollsters Ifop. But in 2017, the endorsements of conservatives and Socialists combined accounted for only 26 percent of votes. Analysts say that if Macron fails to win more than 60 percent in the second round, he may find it hard to reassure a divided country that he has what it takes to reform the euro zone's second-largest economy, which is only starting to pick up speed after five years of anaemic growth. Then, in turn, he might struggle to turn his promise to transcend traditional party divides into a working majority for his En Marche! (Onwards!) movement in June's parliamentary election, six weeks later. MOMENTUM Macron addressed that head-on in his victory speech, saying that "the power of the momentum behind me will be the key to my ability to lead and govern". Two surveys conducted on Sunday put him on 64 and 62 percent respectively for the second round. But in Le Pen, the former Rothschild investment banker faces a formidable rival. "It's more complicated than it looks - a new campaign is starting," said Francois Miquet-Marty of pollster Viavoice. "Marine Le Pen is going to frame this as a face-off between Emmanuel Macron, the candidate of the globalised elite, and herself as the people's candidate," he said. "She has a line of attack that can hit the bullseye." And endorsements from mainstream parties could also work against Macron in a country where the divide between 'haves' and 'have nots' has been pushing up support year after year for Le Pen's message that only she can defend French workers' jobs and rights. On Sunday night, Le Pen and her allies dismissed Macron as the candidate of a dying establishment: "Change is obviously not going to come from the heir of (outgoing president) Francois Hollande and his disastrous mandate of failures," she told supporters. Miquet-Marty said Macron would "need a more offensive approach, and to distill the message that a Macron presidency would be more peaceful than a Le Pen one". Again, Macron hinted at this when he told supporters: "The challenge from tonight is not to go and vote against whoever it might be; the challenge is to decide to break completely with a system that has been incapable of dealing with our country's problems for more than 30 years." ECONOMIC COMPETENCE In his favour, analysts say, is the fact that 35 percent of voters thought Macron was the best candidate to put the French economy on the right track, against only 20 percent for Le Pen, according to a recent Odoxa poll. Meanwhile Le Pen's anti-euro stance, which is rejected by many of her own supporters, as well as a majority of voters, offers him a promising line of attack. Many analysts are now turning their attention beyond his expected victory in the second round to ask whether he can gather the political muscle to enact his programme. Macron says his party will field candidates in all 577 constituencies, but he has also made clear that he will welcome those from other parties who share his views. Some 50 Socialist legislators have already signed up to his movement, including some heavyweights, but the bigger his second-round score, the more attractive it will be for others to follow suit. He might have to make do with a coalition government. To many analysts and investors, the question is whether Macron's government, of whatever shape, can push through policies -- such as relaxing some labour laws -- that are likely to run into public resistance and have defeated previous, seemingly stronger admistrations. "His parliamentary majority could be extremely fragmented. We could find ourselves in a situation similar to what happened under the Fourth Republic, with an unstable majority," said political analysts Philippe Cossalter of Sarre University. Raphael Brun-Aguerre of JPMorgan Chase Bank said it would be very difficult for Macron to secure a majority in the lower house, adding: "We thus expect him to try to form a cross-party coalition around a narrow set of reforms." Macron's answer is that he has spent the last year proving the pundits wrong, and will do so again. "They're taking the French for idiots," he said at a recent rally. "The French are consistent. That's why, six weeks later, they will give us a majority to govern and legislate." (Additional reporting by Leigh Thomas; Ingrid Melander, Mathieu Rosemain and Emmanuel Jarry; Editing by Andrew Callus and Kevin Liffey) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS EXCLUSIVE: Ferne McCann covers up in a cap and loose clothes as she returns to Britain after the father of her unborn baby is charged over acid attack Father of Ferne McCann's unborn child is tasered and arrested his UNDERPANTS before being charged with 14 counts of wounding in attack Marking her territory! Amber Heard CONFIRMS relationship with billionaire Elon Musk as she shares 'cheeky' snap with her lipstick on his face 'I haven't had ANY surgery!' Topless Chloe Goodman lashes out at implant claims as she shows off her VERY perky cleavage in racy beach snap Stephanie Davis shows off her lean post-baby body as she is pictured out with Caben Albi for the first time after insisting her baby needs contact with dad Steph Davis flashes her nipples in slinky lingerie just THREE months after giving birth as she gushes about 'best friend' Jeremy 'I'm clean': Danniella Westbrook looks fresh faced and happy as she shares snaps from Spanish rehab stint ... and insists she will 'never go backwards' Blast from the past! Eighties pop act Bananarama to head out on huge tour comeback tour alongside Siobhan Fahey 30 years after she quit the band Stephen Belafonte 'asks Mel B for money to fund his expenses'... but she denies his request after 'blocking his access to her £40million fortune' Flying high! Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik share a sweet kiss before she goes on family helicopter ride to celebrate her birthday Sofia Vergara flaunts cleavage in white swimsuit... before falling off an inflatable bull in HILARIOUS video The 44-year-old actress tried her hardest Knot again! Fashion victim David Beckham unleashes his inner samurai once more as he wears trendy manbun at PFA Awards Amber Heard and billionaire boyfriend Elon Musk pack on the PDA as they go zip-lining in Australia... as she CONFIRMS their relationship 'My mini-me!' Jennifer Lopez brings nine-year-old twins Max and Emme onto her Ellen appearance...as she admits she dresses daughter like herself Parental prom! John Legend gives Chrissy Teigen a corsage for 'high school' date night...as they leave one-year-old daughter Luna at home Armless but not harmless... Another rollercoaster ride in Line Of Duty as DCI Roz Huntley arrests her husband, writes JIM SHELLEY Animal lover Katie Price is branded a 'moron' and 'vile' as she faces a fan backlash after sharing a photo of herself wearing fox fur shoes Cheeky! Geri Horner shrieks with glee as she is lifted into the air by husband Christian... before he slaps her bottom in playful Instagram video Bake Off judge Prue Leith 'set to move in with husband of five months John Playfair'... after declaring she wanted to live alone to avoid tidying his mess Number one fan! Ecstatic Justin Bieber celebrates with little brother Jaxon as they watch Stanley Cup playoff in Toronto Nude Kesha protects her modesty by cupping her hand over her chest during beauty session in Instagram snap The 30-year-old posted snap from glam session Stroller strut! Chrissy Teigen is one hot mama in thigh high boots as she and John Legend take baby Luna for a walk Looking fab Happy Days actress Erin Moran spent final days 'broke and homeless after being kicked out of mother-in-law's trailer park house in drunken brawl' 'I always hoped she could find peace in her life': Erin Moran's Happy Days co-star Scott Baio pays tribute to the actress who died of a suspected overdose  Bloom-ing freezing! Orlando shows off his manly chest as he takes a dip in icy water to celebrate Earth Day No doubt it was a high-minded commentary  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit as she hints at romance with Instagram post 'He didn't waste any time!' TOWIE fans turn on Chris Clark as he admits ex Amber Turner 'made him happiest' as they reconnect after his split from Jesy Nelson Charlotte Dawson puts on a VERY eye-popping display in plunging swimsuit as she documents girly getaway to Majorca on Instagram 'Hope your bad boy was worth it': Ferne McCann is targeted by Twitter trolls as she reveals she is pregnant by her lover as he's held over acid attack Sheer-ly amazing! Jada Pinkett Smith bares skin in fishnet top during outing at Malibu's Soho House The gorgeous wife of Will Smith Ex On The Beach wild child Jemma Lucy 'caught inhaling hippy crack in video'... before flashing her assets in ANOTHER racy clip Snapchat video shock Caitlyn Jenner lands in New Jersey as she is seen for first time since confirming gender reassignment surgery Touched down in Newark airport  Certainly has ring to it! Keke Palmer shows off her nipple piercings as she wears skin tight dress to her single's launch party  Va va vroom! Cindy Crawford puckers up to husband Rande before hopping on his motorcycle after brunch The 51-year-old supermodel Family time! Kobe Bryant shares limelight with wife Vanessa and daughters at Tribeca Film Festival 38-year-old former LA Lakers star Pixie Lott looks every inch the Sixties sex kitten as she strips down to a tiny leopard print body while shooting new video on Los Angeles sidewalk Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson flaunts her flawless gym-honed figure as she models sexy swimwear range for fashion line Orange Is the New Black's Taryn Manning and Pretty Little Liars' Shay Mitchell glam up for Shorty Awards Both took home trophies from the ceremony 'We're good at restaurants!' Christie Brinkley shares rare video of her kids as they tease her about her cooking skills Being mum is top job Doting daddy! James Van der Beek brings wife Kimberly and his three pretty daughters to Safe Kids Day event in LA The Only Way Is Up! TOWIE's Jess Wright set to swap Brentwood for Hollywood after being 'signed by brother Mark's LA agent' Hopes to land movie role 'You make me smile!' Vanderpump's Scheana Shay posts sweet birthday message to new beau Robert Parks Valletta after partying at Coachella 'It all seemed trivial in comparison': Slimmed-down Martine McCutcheon admits the birth of her son Rafferty, 2, had put her worries about weight 'into perspective' 'He never recovered from the tragic loss of his mother': Heartbroken family of Take Me Out contestant, 22, pay tribute after he's found dead after filming  MIC's Louise Thompson flashes her legs in thigh-skimming summer dress as Steph Pratt styles floor-length gown for pregnant pal Binky's baby shower The Joker didn't kill him! Heath Ledger's sisters say late actor 'wasn't depressed' over The Dark Knight role Time of his death at the age of 28 Chris Clark seen for first time since his split from Jesy Nelson as he shoots TOWIE scenes with scantily-clad ex Amber Dowding amid claims they've 'reconnected' He's scored! Perrie Edwards sports racy leather trousers as she arrives to cheer on footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain at FA Cup semi-final 'It's a family affair': Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick treat three kids to Broadway show opening The two actors and their kids hade a blast Breaking Bad vet Bryan Cranston poses with Walter White rag doll at the Los Angeles Times Book Festival  Walter White the doll made an appearance Sexy sells! Sara Sampaio stuns in black lace bustier and tight leather pants for The Clapper premiere in NYC The Portuguese model, 25, looked sensational She's no diva! Smitten Perrie Edwards puts on an affectionate display with footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain on low-key cafe date More loved up than ever  The party goes on! Kylie Jenner embraces male friend after holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... weeks after Tyga split Having a great time Classically stylish! Mindy Kaling attends charity luncheon in powder blue mini dress and cropped jacket She splashed red shiny color across her lips That's definitely intimate: Heidi Klum rocks skimpy underwear and hold-ups surrounded by her glam squad BTS on underwear shoot Joan Crawford and Bette Davis finally get their happy ending in 'Feud' finale with the Hollywood stars apologizing and forging new friendship Having a royally good time! Claire Foy is worlds away from her regal character as she fools around with a napkin during playful dinner with Matt Smith 'He was brilliant': EastEnders' Adam Woodyatt gushes about son Sam as he runs the marathon in four hours... after being left unable to walk in horrific car accident 'Very much in my feelings': Selena Gomez posts tribute to 'big brother' David Henrie as Wizards Of Waverly Place cast reunites at wedding She gets it from her mama! Reese Witherspoon spends the day with her mother Betty They went for a car ride in Nashville The one lesson I've learned from life: Kate Garraway on how kindness will get you everywhere My mum said there was magic in kindness 'I definitely do love Chyna and want to be with her': Emotional Rob Kardashian talks troubled romance in KUTWK teaser Very touching Dark mood? Makeup free Delta Goodrem looks exhausted as she lands in Sydney wearing black following big night at the Logies 'He has traumatic injuries': Kim Zolciak's son Kash, four, is rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery after being attacked by a dog Imogen Thomas shows off her curves in a skimpy halterneck bikini as she enjoys a quick dip on holiday in Madrid The mum-of-two flaunted her phenomenal figure  Pregnant Binky Felstead is truly radiant in boho white mini dress as she cosies up to boyfriend Josh 'JP' Patterson at their lavish baby shower Kylie Jenner exhibits her hourglass figure in a skimpy striped dress at Las Vegas event... before being interrupted by angry protesters Put on a leggy display  She sure is in love! Jennifer Lopez calls beau Alex Rodriguez a 'beast' as she shares video of some of his best plays Royal seal of approval! Duchess of Cambridge presents the fastest man to run the London marathon while dressed as a STAR with his medal Penelope Ann Miller talks 'vanity-free' role in new prison-set Lifetime flick The 53-year-old Golden Globe nominee No time to blow dry! Fresh-faced Jennifer Garner steps out with wet hair... as it's claimed she 'wants to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce 'He's turned over a new leaf': Dean Gaffney, 39, gets seal of approval from the father of his 23-year-old girlfriend Rebekah Ward... as he puts cheating past behind him Ready for action! Tom Cruise back on Mission Impossible set in Paris just days after terror attack nearby The 54-year-old looked relaxed and ready 'Thank God I'm not where I used to be': Justin Bieber reminisces on progress he's made since 2014 drink driving arrest Remained arrest-free Who knew they were friends? Dakota Johnson hitches ride with Giovanni Ribisi as they leave Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash together George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz in good spirits as he heads to London mansion... as it's revealed late singer's family 'aren't on board' with tribute gig 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri displays her stomach as she grapples with her bikini on Ibiza break with Jake Hall... as fans speculate about a 'baby bump' Rod Stewart installs seven-a-side artificial pitch in the garden of his £4.65million country home Latest in a long schedule of renovations Blac Chyna is impersonated by Shea Couleé in Kardashian: The Musical on this week's RuPaul's Drag Race Sent up the first family Casual chic! Diane Kruger rocks a black leather jacket and skinny jeans at Q&A for Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story at Tribeca Film Festival I don't think you're ready! Pregnant Beyoncé displays her blossoming bump and bodacious booty in Bardot dress for an array of white-hot selfies Doing what she does best! Alessandra Ambrosio relaxes by a pool as she soaks up the desert sun at Coachella Looked stunning Going solo! Ryan Reynolds leaves his stunning wife Blake Lively at home to hoof it around NYC like a college student with backpack and iPod They could be sisters! Demi Moore, 54, resembles Courteney Cox, 52, as the friends help Jennifer Meyer celebrate her 40th birthday Baywatch newcomer Kelly Rohrbach reveals her famous red swimsuit was refitted 10 TIMES to make her legs look longer and her bum perkier A recipe for forgiveness? TOWIE's Megan McKenna gets a fit of the giggles as she heads to her restaurant launch... as ex Pete Wicks wangles an invite  Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 30, and fiancé Jason Statham, 49, 'seeking advice from baby guru' and father-of-five Sylvester Stallone, 70 'What was I wearing?!' Susanna Reid is left red-faced after a throwback picture from her short-lived acting career in the eighties is shared on Sunday Brunch Lauren Goodger displays her enviable curves in playful slogan T-shirt and leggings as she embarks on another gruelling workout in Essex 'Filming Broadchurch was like being in MI5!' Actor Mark Bazeley reveals the writers of season three were so secretive he was convinced HE was rapist Love Island's Malin Andersson flashes her lingerie in perilously short T-shirt dress as she continues to confidently parade result of £7K body overhaul Ready to pop! A heavily pregnant Ciara shares new photos of herself on Instagram The singer looked blooming marvellous as she raised a smile Curves ahead! Mariah Carey flashes her braless cleavage in lace up bodysuit and jeans for dinner date with ex Nick Cannon Keeping age at bay! Former Baywatch babes Kelly Packard, Donna D'Errico, Nancy Valen and Erika Eleniak reunite at LA marathon event... 30 years on from the original series 'Marrying my best friend': Gotham actor Chris Chalk weds Kimberly Dalton Mitchell in North Carolina Chalk plays Lucius Fox on TV series Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go low-key as they lead stars including best pal Courteney Cox at jewellery designer Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday bash 'She's back!' Michelle Keegan excitedly shares picture of Our Girl scripts as she resumes filming... after husband Mark Wright says their long-distance love is 'exciting' Miley Cyrus' sister Noah puts on a chic display in a fitted black jumpsuit as she attends animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA Taking the plunge! Bikini-clad Kate Upton shares video where she falls into a pool with Justin Verlander during Caribbean vacation Looked scorching Blondes DO have more fun! Gwyneth Paltrow and Kate Hudson look to be having a blast at Jennifer Meyer's birthday event Having fun She's a fan! Paris Jackson pays tribute to John Lennon as she steps out in tiny Daisy Dukes on Earth Day The 19-year-old was spotted out in Studio City Wisdom from the Captain! Star Trek vet William Shatner, 86, makes surprise appearance at Silicon Valley Comic Con panel Beloved for his role Letting the desert heat get to her! Model Chanel Iman strips off to her skimpy bikini top as she enjoys Coachella She sure got into the boho fashion spirit How to catch a cheat: Spying on his texts, checking his satnav and even tracking his bike rides... ANTHEA TURNER became Miss Marple to expose husband's lies  Drake 'never even met' Instagram model Layla Lace who has accused the rapper of impregnating her Drake wants nothing to do with the model  Ashley James displays her runner's physique in tight Lycra with a full face of make-up as she leads the stars in completing the 2017 London marathon They Want To Hold Your Hand! Paul McCartney, 74, greets revellers as he arrives in Tokyo with trendy wife Nancy Shevell, 57... as an overzealous fan attempts to pull him into crowd 'They weren't too friendly': Orlando Bloom and ex-girlfriend Katy Perry awkwardly cross paths at pal's party... just one month after 'grown-up' split Busty Demi Lovato puts on an eye-popping display as she showcases her enviable curves in a plunging burnt orange swimsuit April Love Geary, 22, flaunts her enviable abs in ANOTHER barely-there string bikini as she cosies up to boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, while continuing Maldives getaway Dare to bare! Makeup-free Nicole Richie shows off her chest in low-cut top as she hits pal Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party in LA Mel B steps out for lunch with daughters Madison and Phoenix...as former nanny claims in bombshell lawsuit they were 'lovers'  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her cleavage in sultry pose wearing sexy peekaboo swimsuit after Coachella parties 'Eve has grown up now': Tyra Banks, 43, says sequel to Life-Size will be an 'edgy' offering 'for young adults' . Two cute! Jessica Alba holds hands with husband of nearly 10 years as she arrives at Jennifer Meyer's 40th birthday party Among host of stars Lady Gaga wows in skimpy hot pants for a typically energetic show at Coachella week two... as she emotionally dedicates performance to cancer-stricken pal Flower power! Jamie Chung sizzles in the desert in sheer top and floral embroidered bra as she braves the heat at a pre-Coachella party Went for a sheer look 'You're a stupid little girl': Rihanna sparks huge backlash as she superimposes Queen Elizabeth's head on to her own raunchy snaps in 'disrespectful' 91st birthday tribute TOWIE's Amber Turner risks baring all as she falls victim to the elements in sizzling braless ensemble for reality-star studded night out Marnie Simpson flaunts her enviable figure in clingy crop top as she joins sexy pals Sophie Kasaei and Lateysha Grace for wild night out 'It doesn't always work that way': Rosario Dawson reveals she won't appear in Marvel series The Punisher The 37-year-old Luke Cage actress  Mel B and her nanny, 18, were lovers , had sex 'multiple times a week' - and it was Spice Girl NOT her husband who pressured the teen into making sex tapes, claims lawsuit It's a match! Jeremy Clarkson, 56, takes new blonde girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 46, to the FA Cup semi final for a sporty date... as couple's new romance continues to blossom 'She's in bits!' Sharon Osbourne left devastated AGAIN as husband Ozzy 'gets back in touch' with hairdresser ex-mistress Michelle Pugh 'She'll make the best possible life for her and the baby': Ferne McCann 'is expecting her first child' with fugitive boyfriend wanted over nightclub acid attack 'I've pulled five muscles just watching this!' Flexible Chinese couple wow with their VERY acrobatic moves on Britain's Got Talent  Demi Moore, 54, looks eternally youthful in a floaty midnight blue dress as she celebrates Jen Meyer's 40th Summertime Happiness? Lana Del Rey sparks romance rumours with hunky rapper G-Eazy as they 'makes out and look lovey-dovey' at Coachella 'I took down all the mirrors': Blondie's Debbie Harry, 71, admits once she refused to look at herself... but now she'd perform naked! Suns out, (baby) bump out! Pregnant Kayla Rae Reid shows off her growing belly during Malibu beach day with fiance Ryan Lochte 'I was a Will Young fan!' Corrie's Faye Brookes admits to SPURNING boyfriend Gareth Gates' advances when they first met... as she reveals they're in no rush to get married Burt Reynolds, 81, has to sit on a stool at the red carpet photocall at the Tribeca Film Festival... as co-stars Robert De Niro and Ariel Winter lend a helping hand Man of style! Liev Schreiber is cool customer as he rocks jeans and blazer for outing in Malibu Movie hardman Ray Winstone helps a wine maker carry out the perfect murder in chilling domestic abuse film  Helping to raise money  A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival 'I'm feeling nervous': New mother Alex Jones confirms she will return to The One Show on part time basis following birth of son Edward Returns on Monday Love triangle: Kylie Jenner is caught holding hands with Travis Scott at Coachella... after awkward run-in with former flame Tyga What will Tyga think? Kimberley Garner flaunts her washboard abs in a Bardot crop top and black skinny jeans as she enjoys night out in London Lady Gaga dubbed Princess Diana 'just another dead blonde' in shock track... as she meets with Prince William for mental health campaign Bat dad! Chris Martin channels Caped Crusader in casual shirt as he steps out in Malibu with Apple and Moses A Beast no more! Dan Stevens looks dapper in a fitted houndstooth suit as he cosies up to stunning wife at screening of new movie Permission 'That's the freakiest s*** I've seen all week!': Simon Cowell and David Walliams send fans wild with hilarious Faceswap... and the results are horrifying TOWIE's Pete Wicks and Georgia Kousoulou pictured in a heated row on the street as they film tense new scenes for the show Incredibly tense Looking al-white! Diane Keaton rocks head-to-toe coordinated ensemble as she attends star-studded animal rights gala for The Humane Society in LA 'The longer things hang in the air, the more nervous people become': Nicole Scherzinger is yet to sign up for the next series of The X Factor 'I'm daddy's job now!': Simon Cowell's son Eric, 3, takes his father's seat at the judging table as the music mogul brings him to Britain's Got Talent auditions That could be my last ever dance: Britain's Got Talent teenager Julia Carlile reveals she needs $100,000 for surgery to cure her curved spine  'I would die for them': Blake Lively describes her love for young daughters James and Ines and her desperation to protect her family Tom Brady skipped Trump's White House Super Bowl celebration to be with his sick mum and NOT because Gisele told him to, say former teammates 'Caben needs his daddy': Stephanie Davis shares sweet throwback snap of her son... as she supports Jeremy McConnell through difficult rehab  Busty Olivia Buckland sends fans wild as she flashes her cleavage in tiny bralette... after setting a date to marry Love Island beau Alex Bowen White hot! Charlotte McKinney flashes cleavage and legs in white blazer dress at premiere of Literally, Right Before Aaron Oh how we laughed! Uma Thurman and Zac Posen get the giggles as they attend the premiere of the House Of Z Family day out! Nicole Richie wears floral caftan for grocery shopping with her two kids and sister-in-law Cameron Diaz TOWIE star James Argent gets a welcome home kiss from co-star Pete Wicks... as he catches up with friends after spending 10 weeks in Thai rehab I was seduced by Mel B, says nanny: Bombshell legal claim that the singer had a seven-year sexual relationship with exchange student Sorry, Jane Park! The X Factor star Sam Callahan steps out with Chloe Paige... after branding Euromillions winner ex 'obsessive' In CBB 2017? Harry styles it just like Jagger: Same clothes, same pout and even the same taste in women.... no wonder Mick's fed up with his One Direction mini-me  'She was one of their targets': Rita Ora reportedly declined Mel B and Stephen Belafonte when they asked her to partake in a threesome 'After a dinner in LA' Jennifer Lopez's Bye Bye Birdie Live gets a release date... as NBC chairman Robert Greenblatt hints a live version of Wicked could be in the works 'Bey always says to be authentic': Kelly Rowland credits BFF Beyoncé for helping her find self-confidence... as singer hails girl power as 'f***ing incredible' Inseparable! Pop star Jennifer Lopez, 47, and Alex Rodriguez, 41, are as stylish as ever while heading into airport in Miami, US Henry Winkler and Ron Howard lead tributes to their Happy Days co-star Erin Moran after actress who played feisty teenager Joanie Cunningham dies at 56 A breath of fresh air! Elizabeth Banks is pretty as a petal in floral-print dress for Humane Society benefit Tied up in knots! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries wears bizarre corset as she DJs in a $450 T-shirt for Earth Day Man, you look good! Alanis Morissette nails androgynous chic in fitted navy and yellow panelled trouser suit as she attends TV screening 'My heart can't cope!': Viewers are overcome with emotion after young singer Reuben Gray is surprised by his father who works overseas on Britain's Got Talent Melanie Griffith looks fab in floral frock at star-studded gala for The Humane Society in LA Back to the grind! Make-up free Kellie Bright grabs a coffee as she makes her eagerly awaited EastEnders comeback following birth of son Gene Ferne McCann's lover is arrested over acid attack five days on the run: Arthur Collins is captured by armed police after TOWIE star reveals she's PREGNANT by him  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd flaunts her blossoming baby bump in a bright bikini as she packs on the PDA with fiancé Michael O'Neill on holiday with her three boys Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey, 30, confirms engagement to MMA fighter Travis Browne as she posts hilarious Instagram snap Not so golden! TOWIE's Pete Wicks suffers a tanning fail as he steps out sporting a reddish glow... while it's claimed he is 'still in love' with his ex Megan McKenna A very modern look! Ariel Winter sparkles in embellished thigh-skimming minidress as she attends the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival A dazzling appearance 'I am not going to dwell on that subject': Caitlyn Jenner CONFIRMS she has had gender reassignment surgery during 20/20 interview Written a memoir Girls night out! Lena Dunham cuddles up to her mom at the premiere of My Art at Tribeca Film Festival She teamed chunky sneakers with her dress Shore you haven't forgotten something? Marnie Simpson flaunts her enviable curves as she goes braless in sheer top Revenge body Keeping it in the family! Britney Spears shares rare photo of her brother Bryan with her two sons He may stay out of the limelight, but Bryan is still a big part of her life Svelte Vicky Pattison is named as face of new Ann Summers swimwear collection... after lashing out at claims she has 'ballooned to a size 16' Alesha Dixon moved to tears by young dancer with spinal condition... as she gives second golden buzzer of series to teen troupe Just Us on Britain's Got Talent Doctor Who star Peter Capaldi joins fans in March For Science protest... a week after show's first gay companion is showered with praise Seeing red! Chloe Sims catches the eye in vibrant scarlet culottes ... after her explosive showdown with Megan McKenna on The Only Way Is Essex 'They're always the worst': Elisabeth Moss talks about her 'awkward' sex scenes in The Handmaid's Tale Says no actor enjoys filming sex scenes Talented Yorkshire superfan, 13, plays Shape Of You for Ed Sheeran backstage at his sell-out concert... after singing Photograph at her 33-year-old mother's funeral  Did the earth move? Einstein does a Night Manager - and exposes the gravity of his depravity: Physicist has a very intimate embrace with his secretary in new TV series Genius  Just the girls! Kristen Bell spends Earth Day with her daughters as they enjoy outdoor event at LA's Griffith Park Fabulous at 59! Andie Macdowell is a timeless beauty as she flaunts her age-defying figure in chic dress at movie premiere Time treated her well Going strong! Leggy Selma Blair looks ready for summer in t-shirt and shorts as she enjoys day out with beau Ron Carlson Used her time wisely 'They are really, really close': George Lineker plants a kiss on former Made In Chelsea star Jess Woodley's cheek... as friends claim he 'treats her like a princess' Line of Duty's Vicky McClure is ordered off her own tram after being suspected of fare evasion  Found herself on the wrong side of the law  Yo-ga to be kidding me! Former TOWIE star Pascal Craymer puts on a busty display in low cut top as she shows off her incredible flexibility Looked stunning Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States General Electric, Verizon Weigh on DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick April 21, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet April 21, 2017: Markets opened mixed Friday and equities never moved very far from the break-even line all day. A terrorist attack in Paris draws attention to this weekend’s first round of voting in the French Presidential election. The utilities and industrials sectors showed some gains today, but the telecom and financial sectors kept the pressure on. WTI crude oil for June delivery settled at $49.62 a barrel, down 2.2% on the day and down about 7.4% for the week. June gold added 0.4% for the day to settle at $1,289.10, up about 60 cents for the week. Equities were headed for a lower close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.02% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.17%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.04%. Stocks traded very near the break-even line just minutes before the closing bell. The closing tally could finish with either a small gain or a small loss for any or all of the indexes. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Friday was Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) which traded down 2.32% at $47.28. The stock’s 52-week range is $46.01 to $56.95. Volume was more than 70% above the daily average of around 15.9 million shares. Analysts and investors were worried about the telecom giant’s subscriber losses in the first quarter. General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) traded down 1.88% at $29.70. The stock’s 52-week range is $28.19 to $33.00. Volume was more than double the daily average of around 29 million shares. The company reported good enough, but hardly, impressive earnings this morning. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) traded down 1.02% at $160.64. The stock’s 52-week range is $142.50 to $182.79. Volume was less than 10% above the daily average of around 3.9 million shares. The company had no specific news. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded down 0.99% at $84.71. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was less than 10% below the daily average of around 15.6 million. The big bank had no specific news Friday. Of the Dow stocks, 14 are on track to close higher Friday and 16 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Should Boeing Worry Now That Airbus Has Delivered First A321neo to Virgin America? Mattel, Valeant Stagger into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Youngest County in Every State 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time Recent Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Marijuana News Roundup: Legal Pot Could Save $1 Billion in Medicaid Expenses Alphabet, Amazon, AT&T and Other Key Earnings Coming This Week Boeing, Microsoft and Other Top Dow Earnings to Watch For This Week Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Aren’t Higher Interest Rates Helping Citigroup? How Much Social Security Will I Get? 3 Stocks to Buy and Never Sell Gold prices tumble $12.20, or 1%, to $1,277 an ounce S&P 500 futures up 18.85 points, or 0.8%, to 2,366.50 S&P 500 futures up 45 points, or 0.8%, to 5,487 ETFs for a Green Portfolio on Earth Day ETFs in Focus After Verizon's Downbeat Q1 Results Earnings Growth Accelerates in Q1 Euro jumps, shares firm on French election relief Tesla’s big Model 3 bet rides on risky assembly line strategy U.S. Chamber of Commerce chief expects basic NAFTA deal by mid-2018 Luxury Retailer Jimmy Choo Puts Itself Up For Sale France's CAC 40 Set to Lead European Stocks Higher Becton Dickinson to Acquire Bard for $24B Golf Balls In Hash Browns Prompt Food Recall Americans Would Pay $17.2 Billion To Prevent Another Deepwater Horizon Disaster American Airlines Suspends Worker After Ugly Confrontation In Which A Mom Was Allegedly Hit In The Face Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
