Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest U.S. Bank ties perks of high-end card to mobile payments Conference In|Vest Regionals’ coping strategy: Cost-cutting, innovation, a lot of patience Umpqua creates chief strategy officer role, hires Rilla Delorier How is ATM fraud still a thing? search goes here U.S. Bank ties perks of high-end card to mobile payments By Robert Barba Published April 20 2017, 5:04pm EDT More in Digital banking Mobile banking Wealth management Mobile payments Bank technology U.S. Bank Print Email Reprints Share Share on At first blush, U.S. Bank's new Altitude Reserve Visa Infinite card has all the markings of a "me too" card, coming on the heels of similar efforts by JPMorgan Chase, Citi and American Express to offer a high-end credit card for the well-heeled willing to pay a high fee for concierge services. But there are some key differences to the Minneapolis-based bank's approach that observers say make it distinct. The biggest turns on how customers earn the coveted triple points per dollar spent. Other cards in the space tie it mostly to restaurants and travel. The Altitude Reserve, which will be offered starting May 1, also pays triple points on travel purchases, but then offers triple points on mobile purchases on Apple Pay, Android Pay, Samsung Pay or Microsoft Wallet. The idea is to put the decision-making in the hands of the consumer, said John Steward, president of retail payment solutions for U.S. Bank. Rather than earn them at restaurants, a customer might choose to earn them at a bike shop they often visit, he said. "The idea is to keep 'me' in control," Steward said. "We’re not necessarily going to chase volume through huge rewards,” says Terry Dolan, chief financial officer of U.S. Bank. The adoption of mobile payments has been slower than banks and observers expected it to be. Many believe it to be the future of payments and that is why several of the largest banks are angling to snag a top-of-wallet position. Still, the industry has struggled with figuring out how to determine the best way to spark adoption. Tying rewards to it has emerged as the best way to do it and U.S. Bank’s strategy with the Altitude Reserve card is among the most ambitious. “This is one of the more aggressive attempts we’ve seen to juice mobile spending through carrots,” said Peter Wannemacher, a senior analyst at Forrester. Wannemacher said he expects the card to do well, but won’t achieve market dominance. Essentially, people who use it may love it, but others might not see the appeal. The challenge is that removing friction matters more to consumers than rewards, he said. And currently, there is not a lot of friction in using a card. “It’s the convenience quotient,” Wannemacher said. “Using a card is the way we’ve done it for the past four decades and that is really hard to overcome.” Still, Steward said the customers the bank is targeting for the card wanted the ability to earn and redeem rewards via their mobile devices. “We heard from customers that they do everything from their phone and asked for a rewards experience that capitalizes on the control consumers have from managing everything in one place,” Steward said. “So we designed a card that both allows for earning and redemption via mobile.” The other distinction for the Altitude Reserve card is who can get it: only customers with other accounts at U.S. Bank. A noncustomer interested in the offering could open a new account, but they could wait up to 35 days before becoming eligible. That difference is important and could help lower acquisition costs, observers said. JPMorgan’s fourth-quarter earnings took a hit related to the acquisition costs of Sapphire Reserve, but U.S. Bank hopes to avoid a similar fate. “We would anticipate being able to utilize this type of product to get better penetration with respect to” existing wealth and private clients, Terry Dolan, U.S. Bank's chief financial officer, in an interview. "The approach that we’ll take will be a bit different than the Sapphire card, as an example, because we’re not necessarily going to chase volume through huge rewards,” Dolan added. “I know that JPMorgan views that as the right strategy, and who knows, only time will tell.” It is essentially a cross-selling strategy and one that is going to set the card apart, says Ron Shevlin, director of research at Cornerstone Advisors. The targeting of existing customers “significantly” lowers acquisition costs. Additionally, this product is likely to appeal primarily to millennials, who are beginning to shift from using debit cards to credit cards. And lastly, interchange fees on credit cards are higher than debit cards. “At first, this reminded me of the movie 'Spinal Tap' — ‘This amp goes to 11,’ “ Shevlin said. “But it sounds like they closely studied the economics of it and it seems like a smart move on their part.” Kristin Broughton contributed to this article. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Robert Barba Robert Barba is the technology editor of American Banker. More from this Author Higher rates a mixed blessing for Wintrust in first quarter How do you make money when your job is to help people save? What Dimon had to say about fintech in his annual letter Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's How Much Higher Interest Rates Will Help JPMorgan Chase This Year The bank recently updated its interest-rate sensitivity analysis. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Apr 20, 2017 at 4:26PM Here's what could help bank stocks more than just about anything else: higher interest rates. With this in mind, JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) just updated its estimate for how much additional net interest income it will generate if the Federal Reserve continues to raise the federal funds rate, as bankers and analysts expect it to do. On the bank's first-quarter conference call, its chief financial officer, Marianne Lake, said that the nation's largest bank by assets should see its full-year net interest income, the difference between its yield on earning assets and its cost of funds, increase by $4 billion compared to 2016. And that's assuming rates don't rise any further from here. Image source: Getty Images. The $4 billion increase is a function of the Fed's decision to raise the fed funds rate in December, and then again four months later in March. All told, it boosted the principal short-term interest rate benchmark in the United States by a combined 50 basis points, or 0.50%. It's important to note that JPMorgan Chase could very well see its net interest income grow even more rapidly this year. That's because the Fed has intimated that it could boost rates two more times in 2017. Its latest dot plot, which happens to be one of the most important charts for bank investors to familiarize themselves with, shows that 14 out of 17 members of the central bank's monetary policy committee expect a total of three rate hikes this year. Once you factor these into the equation, JPMorgan Chase says that its net interest income could climb by $4.5 billion this year, or $500 million more than if rates stay where they are right now. US Target Federal Funds Rate data by YCharts. This is yet more good news for shareholders of the New York City-based bank. It bolsters JPMorgan Chase's upbeat first-quarter performance, which reflected a 17% increase in net income. "We are off to a good start for the year with all of our businesses performing well and building on their momentum from last year," said chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon in prepared remarks included in the bank's earnings release. "U.S. consumers and businesses are healthy overall and with pro-growth initiatives and improving collaboration between government and business, the U.S. economy can continue to improve." This doesn't necessarily mean that JPMorgan Chase's stock is a buy right now. It's a very well-run bank, don't get me wrong, but it's my opinion that bank stocks have been trading on an expectations-induced plateau since the presidential election, as the tax cuts and regulatory relief that Trump promised on the campaign trail would spur profitability. If these don't come to fruition, however, then bank stocks will almost certainly retrace some of their post-election gains, which doesn't seem unlikely given the recent struggle to get healthcare legislation through Congress. Thus, I believe that prospective investors in JPMorgan Chase and other bank stocks have more to gain than lose by waiting to see how things play out in Washington over the next few months before buying more shares. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Apr 20, 2017 at 4:26PM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $85.55 up $1.09 (1.29%) Read More This Bank Earned the Most Money in 2016 Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds This Massive Bank Is Even Bigger Than It Seems Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's How Much Higher Interest Rates Will Help JPMorgan Chase This Year @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Leucadia National Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Leucadia National Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Learning Tree International, Inc. (LTRE) Major Shareholder Osmium Partners, Llc Acquires 9,000 Shares of Stock LCNB Corp. (LCNB) Earns “Hold” Rating from FBR & Co Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Shares Sold by Pastel & Associes SA Healthequity Inc (HQY) Shares Sold by Anderson Hoagland & Co. Anderson Hoagland & Co. Purchases Shares of 31,594 Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Shah Capital Management Acquires Shares of 792,000 Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Shah Capital Management Decreases Position in ReneSola Ltd. (SOL) Shah Capital Management Sells 2,000 Shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Beacon Roofing Supply (BECN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Broadcom (BRCM) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.19 BlackRock (BLK) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.26 BGC Partners (BGCP) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.08 Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for HP (HPQ) Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Insider Auguste Goldman Sells 1,000 Shares Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Insider Patricia R. Kellerhals Sells 604 Shares of Stock Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) Position Held by Sabal Trust CO Horizon Bancorp (HBNC) Shares Bought by Sabal Trust CO Sabal Trust CO Sells 20,104 Shares of Sonoco Products Co (SON) NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Stake Maintained by Sabal Trust CO Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cott Co.’s FY2019 Earnings (COT) Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Shares Sold by Pastel & Associes SA April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pastel & Associes SA decreased its stake in Leucadia National Corp. (NYSE:LUK) by 18.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 541,387 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after selling 125,000 shares during the period. Leucadia National Corp. makes up approximately 19.1% of Pastel & Associes SA’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Pastel & Associes SA’s holdings in Leucadia National Corp. were worth $14,076,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Leucadia National Corp. by 47.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,467,930 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $27,949,000 after buying an additional 471,237 shares during the period. Employees Retirement System of Texas boosted its stake in Leucadia National Corp. by 13.0% in the fourth quarter. Employees Retirement System of Texas now owns 52,000 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $1,209,000 after buying an additional 6,000 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can boosted its stake in Leucadia National Corp. by 2.1% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 464,659 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $8,848,000 after buying an additional 9,586 shares during the period. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in Leucadia National Corp. by 2.2% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 917,699 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $17,473,000 after buying an additional 20,136 shares during the period. Finally, Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its stake in Leucadia National Corp. by 48.1% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 50,073 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $1,164,000 after buying an additional 16,267 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 72.47% of the company’s stock. Leucadia National Corp. (NYSE:LUK) traded up 1.38% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $25.80. 1,165,452 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $26.23 and its 200 day moving average price is $23.17. Leucadia National Corp. has a 52 week low of $15.48 and a 52 week high of $27.33. The company has a market capitalization of $9.28 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 76.56 and a beta of 1.31. Leucadia National Corp. (NYSE:LUK) last released its earnings results on Monday, February 27th. The conglomerate reported $0.37 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.14. The firm had revenue of $2.75 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.59 billion. Leucadia National Corp. had a net margin of 0.70% and a return on equity of 0.74%. Leucadia National Corp.’s quarterly revenue was up 10.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Leucadia National Corp. will post $1.69 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 20th were given a $0.0625 dividend. This represents a $0.25 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.98%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 16th. Leucadia National Corp.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 54.55%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) Shares Sold by Pastel & Associes SA” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/leucadia-national-corp-luk-shares-sold-by-pastel-associes-sa.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Leucadia National Corp. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, December 23rd. In other news, Chairman Joseph S. Steinberg sold 200,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.87, for a total value of $4,974,000.00. Following the sale, the chairman now directly owns 1,792,687 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $44,584,125.69. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 9.50% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Leucadia National Corp. Leucadia National Corporation (Leucadia) is a diversified holding company focused on return on investment and long-term value. The Company’s segments, based on requirements are Jefferies, National Beef, and Corporate and other. Jefferies is a global full-service, integrated securities and investment banking firm. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LUK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Leucadia National Corp. (NYSE:LUK). Receive News & Ratings for Leucadia National Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Leucadia National Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 4 Red-Hot Tech Stocks That JPMorgan Loves Into Earnings By Lee Jackson April 19, 2017 10:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet Some have dubbed the current bull market as the “most hated” bull market ever. Despite its longevity, having started in March of 2009 and breaking out to a secular bull in 2013, participation is very low, especially among retail investors, compared to other bull runs. There are many reasons why, but one thing is for sure, with earnings expected to show some of the best growth in years, and new technology advances coming, the run could go higher. One theme heading into earnings that the analysts at JPMorgan are excited about is Apple’s new iPhone 8 and 3D sensing and the companies exposed to the newest version of the iconic smartphone. Other areas they are bullish about is the HDD/NAND flash memory arena and broadband. The analysts are very positive on four top companies into the earnings season, and all are rated Overweight. ADTRAN The JPMorgan team is bullish on this top broadband play. ADTRAN Inc. (NASDAQ: ADTN) is a provider of networking and communications equipment. The company’s solutions enable voice, data, video and internet communications across a range of network infrastructures. Its Network Solutions segment includes software and hardware products that enable communications service providers (CSPs) and enterprise customers to realize a fully connected world. It provides a full-range of network implementation, maintenance and managed services. Its solutions include Access & Aggregation, Customer Devices, and Traditional & Other Products. Its Access & Aggregation solutions are used by CSPs to connect their network infrastructure to their subscribers. The JPMorgan analysts see the company very well-positioned as broadband trends and demand for all services related is huge, and the stock has been sold off, offering a very nice entry point. The JPMorgan price objective for the stock is $25, and the Wall Street consensus target price is $22.63. The shares closed Tuesday at $19.60 apiece. Lumentum This top company looks to benefit big-time from the Facebook Voyager project. Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: LITE) manufactures and sells optical and photonic products in the Americas, the Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. It operates in two segments The Optical Communications segment offers components, modules and subsystems that enable the transmission and transport of video, audio and text data over high-capacity fiber optic cables. The Commercial Lasers segment offers diode, direct-diode, diode-pumped solid-state, fiber and gas lasers. This segment serves customers in markets and applications, such as manufacturing, biotechnology, graphics and imaging, and remote sensing, as well as in precision machining, including drilling in printed circuit boards, wafer singulation and solar cell scribing. Its lasers products are used in various original equipment manufacturer (OEM) applications. The analysts are very bullish on the company as it is working on several handset OEMs for 3D sensing, and the CEO recently said he could see $100 million or more a quarter growing up to a $1 billion opportunity annually (last 12 month revenues were about $1 billion), which many believe could drive upside to current estimates. JPMorgan has a $54 price target for the stock, and the consensus target is set at $49.35. The stock closed most recently at $45.30 a share. Viavi Solutions This smaller capitalization company has solid upside potential. Viavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ: VIAV) is a global provider of network test, monitoring and assurance solutions to communications service providers, enterprises and their ecosystems, supported by a worldwide channel community including Viavi Velocity Solution Partners. The company delivers end-to-end visibility across physical, virtual and hybrid networks, enabling customers to optimize connectivity, quality of experience and profitability. Viavi is also a leader in high-performance thin film optical coatings, providing light management solutions to anti-counterfeiting, consumer electronics, automotive, defense and instrumentation markets. The analysts noted in a recent report: We continue to see material upside to Viavi’s earnings from 3D sensing in the new iPhone as well as ongoing restructuring. We also believe accretive consolidation deals are a possibility. The $13 JPMorgan price target compares with a consensus target listed at $10.56. The shares closed most recently at $9.84. Western Digital This long-time innovator in the storage industry is a leader in the total addressable hard disk drive (HDD) market, and it posted a very positive earnings pre-announcement earlier this week. Western Digital Corp. (NASDAQ: WDC) is an industry-leading developer and manufacturer of storage solutions that help to create, manage, experience and preserve digital content. Western Digital is responding to changing market needs by providing a full portfolio of compelling, high-quality storage products with effective technology deployment, high efficiency, flexibility and speed. Its products are marketed under the HGST and WD brands to original equipment manufacturers, distributors, resellers, cloud infrastructure providers and consumers. The most compelling news for 2017 and beyond is that the company made a stunning $19 billion purchase of SanDisk last year. This could be a strong addition to Western Digital’s current offerings, and the company could significantly benefit from SanDisk’s technology and portfolio leadership in the NAND flash semiconductor and enterprise flash systems market. The JPMorgan analysts and others around Wall Street see the secular growth in storage as a big positive, and Western Digital predicts a fourfold increase between 2016 and 2020. Three big areas should also pay off handsomely: 1) Data Center capacity is expected to increase at a 40% compounded-annual-growth rate between 2015 and 2020. 2) The company’s Data Center Solutions is expected to drive all-incremental revenue growth in the coming years. 3) Capacity HDD’s are expected to continue growing and should be four to five times more cost effective due to NAND by 2020. In addition many top analysts feel the company has a good chance at providing the winning bid for Toshiba’s NAND assets and that NAND pricing will continue to stay firm. Western Digital shareholders are paid a solid 2.38% dividend. JPMorgan has set its price target at a stunning $116, while the consensus price objective is $93.37. The stock closed Tuesday at $82.87 per share. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These four stocks are very solid picks in a market that is pretty rich. Investors may want to buy partial positions in front of earnings, just in case there is some selling on the news. By Lee Jackson « Google, Apple Race for Lead in Artificial Intelligence Top 5 Earnings to Watch on Thursday » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, featured, ADTRAN, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADTN), Western Digital Corp. (NASDAQ:WDC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons States With the Most Smokers The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent States Producing the Most Renewable Energy Visa Wins Big on Big Bottom Line Beat Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Rite Aid, Valeant Tumble into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search NCR Keeps Ringing Up Profits Chipotle Earnings Preview: What Investors Need to Look Out For in this Battleground Stock These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends Trump says he'd like health bill vote next week but doesn't give deadline Trump says he wants to keep government open next week Mattel shares fall 7% after quarterly results miss Five Stocks for the Small Cap Breakout to Highs Here's Why Ocwen Financial (OCN) and Altisource (ASPS) Stocks Tanked Today 3 Key Predictions for Apple's Q2 Earnings Report Asian stocks rise as steelmakers dismiss U.S. probe, euro fretful before French vote Trump targets cheap Chinese steel in probe, rallying U.S. steel stocks High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS Sentence Next For Volkswagen in US Diesel Emissions Scandal Wal-Mart CEO's Compensation Rises to $22.4M Trump to Order U.S. Treasury to Delve Into Taxes, Post-Crisis Reforms Trump Is Even Less Popular Than United Airlines Sarah Palin Reacts To Bill O'Reilly's Fox News Exit By Victim Blaming Trump Wants Clean Water Rule Gone. Now Comes The Hard Part. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Buy These Stocks Today! (Free Report) Home | Dr. Edward Yardeni Tags: Financial | Stocks | Investors | Shares | Banks | Sweetheart Financial Stocks Fall Out of Favor as Investors' Sweetheart (DreamsTime) By Edward Yardeni Thursday, 20 Apr 2017 01:08 PM Current | Bio | Archive Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Investors gave financial companies’ Q1 earnings the Bronx cheer as the lack of growth in commercial and industrial (C&I) loans and poor performance in fixed-income trading at Goldman Sachs amplified concerns that the industry’s outperformance over the past year could unwind. C&I loans rose just $58.1 billion y/y through the week of April 5, the weakest pace since July 2011 (Fig. 1 and Fig. 2). Confidence in the sector was already faltering, as the yield curve has flattened in recent weeks (Fig. 3). Despite the gloomy developments, there are a number of reasons for continued optimism. Banks were able to charge more for their loans in Q1, and they should be able to do so again in the current quarter thanks to the Federal Reserve’s March interest-rate increase. Capital markets are alive and well, and loan credit quality appears to be stable despite analysts’ worries about auto loans and retailers. In addition, the sector’s valuation looks more reasonable in the wake of its recent selloff, and strong capitalization levels mean banks should be able to continue returning capital to shareholders via stock repurchases and dividends. The S&P 500 Financials stock price index fell 1.4% over the week through Tuesday’s close, and it has fallen 8.3% since peaking on March 1 (Fig. 4). However, it remains the top-performing S&P 500 sector on a y/y basis: Financials (23.2%), Tech (21.1), Industrials (13.6), S&P 500 (11.8), Materials (11.4), Consumer Discretionary (9.3), Utilities (5.9), Energy (4.8), Consumer Staples (4.7), Health Care (3.9), Real Estate (1.6), and Telecom Services (-1.3) (see Tables). Here’s a look at what may drive the sector for the rest of this year: (1) Fatter NIMs. The brightest part of banks’ earnings was the increase in revenue from loan portfolios due to the quarter-point increase in the federal funds rate in December and again in March. The increase in revenue was even more impressive because it doesn’t look like banks had to pass their windfalls on to depositors. So the overall difference between what banks earned on their loans and what they paid on deposits—their net interest margin (NIM)—widened nicely and should do so again in Q2 (Fig. 5). At JPMorgan, the NIM improved to 2.33% in Q1, up 0.11ppt from Q4 and up 0.3ppt y/y. M&T Bank’s NIM was 3.34% in Q1, up 0.26ppt from Q4, and PNC’s NIM was 2.77%, up 0.08ppt from Q4. Bank of America’s net interest income improved $730 million from Q4, primarily due to higher interest rates, according to CFO Paul Donofrio’s comments in the Q1 conference call transcript. “The net interest yield increased 16 basis points to 2.39% from Q4 as loan yields improved 17%, while the rate we paid on deposits was flat at 9 basis points.” The improvement is expected to continue, but to a lesser extent, in Q2—closer to $150 million. PNC’s CEO Bill Demchak noted that corporate CFOs looking to park their cash have limited options. Institutional prime money-market funds, which invest in commercial paper and other short-term debt, are required to market-to-market their assets because of new regulations that went into effect last year, explained a 9/14/16 WSJ article. Because of the rule change, institutional investors pulled their money out of prime funds and put it into government money market funds, which aren’t subject to the new rules. Government money market funds offer extremely low yields, providing little competition to banks looking to raise deposits. (2) Deals cut into loans. Banks’ largest problem during Q1 was the lack of growth in C&I loans. At JPMorgan, C&I loans remained relatively flat versus the Q4 level, even though they were up 8% y/y. CEO Jamie Dimon remained sanguine about lending activity. He noted that companies have a choice between funding with bank loans or selling debt in the capital markets. And Q1 activity was brisk in the debt capital markets. Investment-grade bond issuance is up 5% ytd, and high-yield bond issuance is up 84%, according to Dealogic. There’s some concern that President Trump’s inability to pass health care legislation and the related delay in tax reform and infrastructure spending have led to delayed decision-making in the C-suite. Dimon referred to the new President’s first 100 days as a “sausage-making period,” when there will be wins and losses. However, the President’s pro-growth agenda—with proposed tax reduction, increased infrastructure spending, and regulatory reform—should be a good thing for Americans, he said in the Q1 conference call transcript. It has already led to clients hiring and spending more, and that should ultimately translate into loan growth, JPMorgan’s CFO Marianne Lake said. PNC’s CFO Rob Reilly said the bank continues to expect mid-single-digit loan growth, helped by its expansion into new markets including Dallas, Kansas City, and Minneapolis. “Given the March rate hike, we now expect revenue to grow in the upper end of the mid-single digit range. And we continue to expect a low single-digit increase in expenses, which will allow us to post positive operating leverage for the year,” he said according to the Q1 conference call transcript. (3) Watching autos and retailers. Bank loan credit quality may have peaked last year but seems to have stabilized at high levels. That said, during the various bank conference calls, analysts asked a number of questions about the performance of auto loans and loans to retailers. The message they received: So far … so good. Bank of America’s CFO said auto loans were up 12% y/y and the bank is focused on prime and super-prime borrowers. As a result, its net charge-offs were 0.38ppt. The Fed’s data show that auto loans rose 7.0% y/y during Q4 (Fig. 6). (4) Mostly friendly markets. With the IPO market reviving and debt issuance surging, it’s no wonder that capital markets provided a tailwind for most commercial and investment banks. At Bank of America, Q1 total investment banking fees were up 37% y/y, fixed-income trading revenue jumped 29% y/y, and equity sales and trading was up 7%. Morgan Stanley beat Wall Street Q1 earnings estimates, helped by a 30% y/y jump in sales and trading revenue and a 43% surge in investment banking revenue. Fixed-income trading nearly doubled to $1.7 billion y/y, while equity trading fell 1.9% to $2.0 billion. “Triple-digit gains in underwriting more than offset a 16% decline in M&A fees” noted a 4/19 WSJ article. It added that Morgan’s CFO Jonathan Pruzan said the firm’s merger pipeline is higher today than it was at this point in 2016. Goldman Sachs was the outlier. The firm’s fixed-income, currencies, and commodities trading revenue rose only 1% y/y. Also, revenue from the M&A business fell 2% y/y, and the firm said its backlog of M&A and underwriting business decreased from the end of 2016. “This suggests that political uncertainty may be holding back activity to some degree,” noted a 4/18 WSJ article. According to the Q1 conference call transcript, Goldman Deputy CFO Martin Chavez said: “However, during the first quarter, the market began to reconsider both the pace and strength of economic growth, particularly in light of uncertainty regarding upcoming European elections and legislative challenges in the United States. This confluence of events resulted in tempered expectations, a modest retreat in equity prices from intra-quarter highs, and a more benign market environment.” (5) Analysts’ outlook. It’s still too soon to tell whether Q1 results will send analysts scampering to slash their estimates. But it’s very possible they may not, since most earnings—with the notable exception of Goldman Sachs’—came in above expectations. Currently, analysts estimate that S&P 500 Diversified Banks will grow revenues over the next 12 months by 4.1% and earnings by 10.6% (Fig. 7). Likewise, S&P 500 Regional Banks is expected to grow forward revenues by 6.6% and earnings by 12.4% (Fig. 8). Net earnings revisions for both industries have been positive, yet their forward P/Es have come down slightly. Diversified Banks has a 12.2 forward P/E, down from 13.6 in early March, and it trades at 1.08 times forward book value (Fig. 9). Regional Banks is growing faster and is slightly more expensive, with a forward P/E of 13.8 and a forward price-to-book ratio of 1.16 (Fig. 10). The S&P 500 Investment Banking & Brokerage industry is more expensive than its banking counterparts, but it’s expected to grow more quickly. Analysts see Investment Banks and Brokers growing revenues over the next 12 months by 7.2% and earnings by 16.7% (Fig. 11). The industry sports a 13.1 forward P/E and trades at 1.31 times its forward book value (Fig. 12). (6) Returning capital. After years of bolstering their capital bases, many banks continued to share the wealth with shareholders via stock repurchases and dividends last quarter. With a little luck, the amount of capital returned should increase going forward. For example, at Citigroup about $2.2 billion was returned to common shareholders in Q1 through dividends and the repurchase of roughly 30 million shares. The repurchases reduced the bank’s average diluted shares outstanding by 6%. “Even still, our common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio has increased to 12.8%, well above the 11.5% upper range of what we believe we need to operate the firm prudently. So, we clearly have excess capital and couldn’t be more committed to returning that capital to our shareholders,” said CFO John Gerspach, according to the Q1 earnings conference call transcript. (7) Most interesting factoid. At Bank of America, mobile devices now account for one out of every five deposit transactions, approximating the deposit volume of nearly 1,000 financial centers. Dr. Ed Yardeni is the President of Yardeni Research, Inc., a provider of independent global investment strategy research. Posts by Edward Yardeni Investors Pour Cash Into Domestic ETFs Since Election Pinning the Blame on Market Stall: Bad Data or Trump Tactics? View More Posts by Edward Yardeni Newsmax Blogs: Andrew Packer: Getting Past the 'Fake News' of Investing Lance Roberts: Bonds Aren't Overvalued as Rates Will Stall for Next Decade View More Newsmax Blogs © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share EdwardYardeni Investors gave financial companies’ Q1 earnings the Bronx cheer as the lack of growth in commercial and industrial (C&I) loans and poor performance in fixed-income trading at Goldman Sachs amplified concerns that the industry’s outperformance over the past year could unwind. Financial, Stocks, Investors, Shares, Banks, Sweetheart 1631 Thursday, 20 Apr 2017 01:08 PM 2017-08-20 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Newsmax.com - Breaking news from around the globe: U.S. news, politics, world, health, finance, video, science, technology, live news stream Sunday, 16 Apr 2017 | 52 comments So you believe that patriotic American citizens who love their country are... Retail Stores Devastated, Suffer Massive Job Losses Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 | 45 comments And the leftist dummies brag about how obama fixed the economy. What a... Why the Tide Finally Turned Against Bill O'Reilly Thursday, 20 Apr 2017 | 18 comments WOW..... but i'm sorry to say, that what applies to one group does not... Newsmax.com - Breaking news from around the globe: U.S. news, politics, world, health, finance, video, science, technology, live news stream Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 16 comments More comedic rhetoric from the left...... Retailers Going Bankrupt at Staggering Rate on Flood of Store Closures Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 31 comments So cutting into Thanksgiving Day with early 'Black Friday' wasn't the... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dun & Bradstreet Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dun & Bradstreet Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Very Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact SYNNEX (SNX) Stock Price Washington Trust Bank Has $237,000 Position in Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) 7,246 Shares in Allergan plc (AGN) Acquired by National Investment Services Inc. WI Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Stake Held by First United Bank Trust Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Position Cut by OLD Second National Bank of Aurora Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Stake Increased by Washington Trust Bank Washington Trust Bank Cuts Position in Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB) Washington Trust Bank Has $302,000 Position in Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) OLD Second National Bank of Aurora Has $3.061 Million Stake in Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) AvalonBay Communities’ (AVB) Equal Weight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Downgraded to “Market Perform” at JMP Securities John Patrick Et Al Guerin Sells 500 Shares of Daily Journal Co. (DJCO) Stock Insider Selling: Nuveen Global High Income Fund of Beneficial Interest (JGH) Insider Sells $106,836.21 in Stock Equity Lifestyle Properties, Inc. (ELS) Shares Bought by Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Neil Bodick Sells 5,000 Shares of Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Stock Martin Wiwen-Nilsson Buys 7,287 Shares of Chaarat Gold Holdings Ltd (CGH) Stock Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Downgraded to Market Perform at William Blair Peabody Energy’s (BTU) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Santa Cruz County (SCZC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Sonoco Products Co (SON) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Washington Trust Bank Cuts Position in Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Washington Trust Bank decreased its position in shares of Dun & Bradstreet Corp (NYSE:DNB) by 0.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 1,700 shares of the business services provider’s stock after selling 5 shares during the period. Washington Trust Bank’s holdings in Dun & Bradstreet Corp were worth $183,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in DNB. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corp by 97.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 70,448 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $9,625,000 after buying an additional 34,720 shares during the last quarter. US Bancorp DE increased its stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corp by 0.4% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 9,529 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $1,302,000 after buying an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corp by 1,279.7% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 6,388 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $873,000 after buying an additional 5,925 shares during the last quarter. Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. increased its stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corp by 1.1% in the third quarter. Deroy & Devereaux Private Investment Counsel Inc. now owns 15,620 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $2,134,000 after buying an additional 170 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Dun & Bradstreet Corp by 6.4% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 16,860 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $2,303,000 after buying an additional 1,010 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 91.79% of the company’s stock. Dun & Bradstreet Corp (NYSE:DNB) traded down 0.42% on Thursday, hitting $108.07. The stock had a trading volume of 28,382 shares. The firm has a market cap of $3.98 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 40.80 and a beta of 1.39. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $106.66 and its 200 day moving average price is $117.20. Dun & Bradstreet Corp has a 52-week low of $100.46 and a 52-week high of $141.57. Dun & Bradstreet Corp (NYSE:DNB) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 8th. The business services provider reported $2.99 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.04 by $0.05. Dun & Bradstreet Corp had a net margin of 5.72% and a negative return on equity of 25.04%. The business had revenue of $517.10 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $513.94 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $2.87 earnings per share. Dun & Bradstreet Corp’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Dun & Bradstreet Corp will post $7.01 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Washington Trust Bank Cuts Position in Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/washington-trust-bank-cuts-position-in-dun-bradstreet-corp-dnb.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on DNB. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Dun & Bradstreet Corp from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their price target for the company from $112.00 to $120.00 in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Dun & Bradstreet Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday. Finally, Barclays PLC decreased their price objective on Dun & Bradstreet Corp from $125.00 to $105.00 and set an “underweight” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, February 10th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have given a hold rating to the company’s stock. Dun & Bradstreet Corp currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $120.75. Dun & Bradstreet Corp Company Profile The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation is the source of commercial data, analytics and insight on businesses. The Company operates through two segments: Americas, which consists of its operations in the United States and Canada, and Non-Americas, which consists of its operations in the United Kingdom, Greater China, India, and its European and Asia Pacific Worldwide Networks. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DNB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Dun & Bradstreet Corp (NYSE:DNB). Receive News & Ratings for Dun & Bradstreet Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dun & Bradstreet Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CLOSE Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Tenders/Bids Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos Early morning bank robbery shootout Pedestrian safety education needed Poll tips NDZ to lead ANC Hospitals stable Sama nominees revealed Friday, April 21, 2017 Careers Tenders/ Bids /Notice Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Tenders/Bids Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos Cosatu marches to Absa April 20, 2017 0 41 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet FINED: Employees pass the headquarters of Absa in Johannesburg, which has been fined R10m for weaknesses in its money-laundering controls. Picture: Getty Images Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) in Gauteng will on Thursday march to Absa headquarters in Johannesburg over the bank’s “involvement in activities that are detrimental to the country’s economy.” The march is set to begin at the Johannesburg city hall late on Thursday afternoon. In February the Competition Commission announced that it had evidence of collusion and price fixing among major banks. The banks included Absa, Barclays Capital, Barclays Bank plc, Standard Bank, Standard New York Securities, Investec, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, BNP Paribas, JP Morgan Chase, JP Morgan Chase Bank N.A, HSBC, Standard Chartered Bank, Credit Suisse, Commerzbank, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Nomura International and Macquarie Bank. Meanwhile a recently leaked “preliminary” report of public protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane found that the apartheid government had breached the country’s constitution by providing Bankorp, which was acquired by Absa in 1992, with a series of bailouts from 1985 to 1995. Absa, which is owned by Barclays, has been called on to repay R2.25bn to the national fiscus. “COSATU is worried that every strategic sector of our economy does not belong to us. The financial sector (banking and insurance) is a monopoly industry dominated by 4 large privately owned banks (ABSA, Nedbank, FNB and Standard Bank), two of which have significant foreign ownership. “Every day we live with the excruciating pain of looking at the economy of our country being squandered by both foreign and domestic capital when the country is engulfed by racial inequality, poverty and unemployment,” Cosatu said. The union also called on the government to establish a commission of inquiry which will look into the matter. “There is need for a commission of inquiry to get to the bottom of this matter, and to investigate other illegal transactions that may have occurred prior to the 1994 elections and during the government of national unity. The allegations that the government might have overlooked recovering the monies from Absa are troubling,” Cosatu said in a statement. The alliance also questioned South African Reserve Bank (SARB) independence on such matters. “This report raises the role of SARB in facilitating the siphoning of money by the private sector and thereby prejudicing the public purse. This matter raises the question of the independence of the Reserve Bank. We need to nationalise Reserve Bank, because it seems like it is hiding the rot and insulating banks from scrutiny,” the statement read. Cosatu said the country is governed by law, and that all the money stolen from the public purse should be recovered. -Sipho Jack jack RELATED ARTICLES Mpumalanga Early morning bank robbery shootout Gauteng Pedestrian safety education needed Gauteng Poll tips NDZ to lead ANC NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Early morning bank robbery shootout Chiefs, United shooting for silverware RTMC now in driver’s seat Pedestrian safety education needed Rebecca Malope pays tribute to Ontlametse Phalatse Sundowns coach heaps praise on title rivals Chiefs Back in investors’ good books Ontlametse Phalatse’s funeral service gets underway The New Age covers news from all nine provinces, along with national events, Op-Ed columns, politics, Africa and International news, sports, business, entertainment, lifestyle, science and technology. Popular Item On #ZumaMustFall, ZCC says don’t include us Full statement issued... Multiple cars stolen at Mall of Africa Multiple vehicles have... Right of Reply: Oakbay CEO responds to Floyd Shivambu South Africa has... Recent News Early morning bank robbery shootout Police have confirmed... Chiefs, United shooting for silverware Their respective destinies... RTMC now in driver’s seat The Road Transport... About Us Oakbay Investments Vision & Mission Terms & Conditions Designed by FutureTeQ © Copyright 2016 - The New Age
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gem Diamonds Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gem Diamonds Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Bank Financial Comments on Brookfield Renewable Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BEP) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for DiamondRock Hospitality Company Issued By SunTrust Banks (DRH) Kepler Capital Markets Boosts Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Price Target to GBX 2,900 Gem Diamonds Limited’s (GEMD) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Short Interest in Liberty Interactive Group (QVCA) Rises By 9.8% Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd (YGE) Expected to Post Earnings of -$2.27 Per Share Zacks: Essendant Inc (ESND) Given $15.00 Average Price Target by Analysts BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.13 Per Share Hallador Energy (HNRG) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Insmed (INSM) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Supreme Industries (STS) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.24 Zacks: Brokerages Expect Aqua America Inc (WTR) to Post $0.29 EPS Very Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect IXYS (IXYS) Share Price Danaher Co. (DHR) Shares Sold by Heritage Investors Management Corp Doyle Wealth Management Buys New Position in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Cribstone Capital Management LLC Buys 1,480 Shares of General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Ternium SA (TX) Stake Raised by Fox Run Management L.L.C. Fox Run Management L.L.C. Buys 1,600 Shares of Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Shares Sold by Skylands Capital LLC Tallgrass Energy GP’s (TEGP) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Gem Diamonds Limited’s (GEMD) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their neutral rating on shares of Gem Diamonds Limited (LON:GEMD) in a report issued on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a GBX 112 ($1.41) target price on the stock. GEMD has been the topic of several other reports. Panmure Gordon reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 156 ($1.96) price objective on shares of Gem Diamonds Limited in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Barclays PLC reduced their price objective on Gem Diamonds Limited from GBX 110 ($1.38) to GBX 100 ($1.26) and set an underweight rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 9th. FinnCap reduced their price objective on Gem Diamonds Limited from GBX 185 ($2.33) to GBX 150 ($1.89) and set a buy rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 115 ($1.45) target price on shares of Gem Diamonds Limited in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Liberum Capital reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 160 ($2.01) target price on shares of Gem Diamonds Limited in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 125.38 ($1.58). Gem Diamonds Limited (LON:GEMD) traded down 1.12% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching GBX 88.00. 196,979 shares of the company were exchanged. Gem Diamonds Limited has a 52-week low of GBX 86.25 and a 52-week high of GBX 148.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 121.71 million. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 104.73 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 111.47. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Gem Diamonds Limited’s (GEMD) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/gem-diamonds-limiteds-gemd-neutral-rating-reaffirmed-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Gem Diamonds Limited Company Profile Gem Diamonds Limited is a United Kingdom-based diamond producer, which is engaged in the exploration and development of diamond mines. The Company operates diamond mining operations in Lesotho and Botswana. The Company’s geographical segments include Lesotho, which is involved in diamond mining activities; Botswana, which is engaged in diamond mining activities; Belgium, which is involved in the sales, marketing and manufacturing of diamonds, and British Virgin Islands (BVI), Republic of South Africa (RSA) and the United Kingdom, which provides technical and administrative services. Receive News & Ratings for Gem Diamonds Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gem Diamonds Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ameren Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ameren Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Sells 1,278 Shares of McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Sells 668 Shares of Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Masco Corp (MAS) Position Raised by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Stake Raised by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Cintas Co. (CTAS) Stake Increased by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Shares Bought by National Pension Service National Pension Service Increases Position in Ameren Corp (AEE) National Pension Service Has $11.835 Million Position in Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (OMED) Cut to Hold at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Incyte Co. (INCY) IDEX Co. (IEX) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Lithia Motors Inc (LAD) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.27 Ocean Bio-Chem, Inc. (OBCI) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 25th Silgan Holdings Inc. (SLGN) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Pinnacle Financial Partners Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.14 (PNFP) BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Price Target Raised to $9.00 Cohen & Steers, Inc. (CNS) Releases Earnings Results, Hits Estimates Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Earns Outperform Rating from Cowen and Company Hexcel Co. (HXL) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 National Pension Service Increases Position in Ameren Corp (AEE) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet National Pension Service boosted its stake in shares of Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE) by 3.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 217,024 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after buying an additional 7,972 shares during the period. National Pension Service owned approximately 0.09% of Ameren Corp worth $11,869,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of AEE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Ameren Corp by 40.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 557,355 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $27,411,000 after buying an additional 161,866 shares during the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in shares of Ameren Corp by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 533,158 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $26,221,000 after buying an additional 4,600 shares during the last quarter. Baillie Gifford & Co. raised its stake in shares of Ameren Corp by 2.3% in the fourth quarter. Baillie Gifford & Co. now owns 322,460 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $16,917,000 after buying an additional 7,374 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Ameren Corp by 19.2% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,640,982 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $129,884,000 after buying an additional 424,742 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Ameren Corp by 11.0% in the third quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. now owns 443,601 shares of the utilities provider’s stock valued at $21,816,000 after buying an additional 43,884 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 69.75% of the company’s stock. Shares of Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE) opened at 54.89 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $13.32 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.48 and a beta of 0.36. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $54.92 and its 200-day moving average price is $51.83. Ameren Corp has a 1-year low of $46.29 and a 1-year high of $56.57. Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The utilities provider reported $0.13 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.02. Ameren Corp had a net margin of 10.78% and a return on equity of 9.14%. The firm earned $1.36 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.57 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.12 earnings per share. Ameren Corp’s revenue was up 3.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Ameren Corp will post $2.77 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, March 14th were issued a $0.44 dividend. This represents a $1.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.21%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, March 10th. Ameren Corp’s payout ratio is 65.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “National Pension Service Increases Position in Ameren Corp (AEE)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/national-pension-service-increases-position-in-ameren-corp-aee.html. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Ameren Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Barclays PLC boosted their price objective on Ameren Corp to $56.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. In other Ameren Corp news, SVP Mark C. Lindgren sold 1,024 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.24, for a total value of $55,541.76. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 21,748 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,179,611.52. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Martin J. Lyons sold 1,320 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.32, for a total transaction of $71,702.40. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 103,303 shares in the company, valued at $5,611,418.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.38% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Ameren Corp Company Profile Ameren Corporation is a utility holding company. The Company’s subsidiaries include Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois and Ameren Transmission Company (ATXI). It operates through four segments. The Ameren Missouri segment includes all of the operations of Ameren Missouri. The Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution segment consists of the electric distribution business of Ameren Illinois. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AEE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ameren Corp (NYSE:AEE). Receive News & Ratings for Ameren Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ameren Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pioneer Natural Resources - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pioneer Natural Resources with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Raymond James Trust N.A. Invests $222,000 in Canadian National Railway (CNI) Raymond James Trust N.A. Takes Position in Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC Raises Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) CENTRAL TRUST Co Acquires 80,857 Shares of Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Brokers Set Expectations for Sealed Air Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SEE) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Cut by KeyCorp (SWN) $0.16 Earnings Per Share Expected for Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) This Quarter Cormark Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Trevali Mining Corp (TV) WPP plc – American Depositary Shares each representing five (WPPGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Atico Mining Corp (ATY) Raised to Buy at M Partners Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Tosoh Corp (TOSCF) to Hold Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Brady Corp (BRC) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.31 Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) PT Lowered to $77.00 at Guggenheim CorMedix (CRMD) Given News Impact Rating of 0.44 Bruce Pool Sells 1,969 Shares of Aggreko plc (AGK) Stock Admiral Group plc (ADM) Insider Sells £95,128 in Stock Insider Selling: Hiscox Ltd (HSX) Insider Sells 100,000 Shares of Stock Winmark Co. (WINA) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Universal Display Co. (OLED) Short Interest Down 2.8% in March Raymond James Trust N.A. Takes Position in Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Raymond James Trust N.A. acquired a new stake in Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 1,216 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock, valued at approximately $226,000. Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PXD. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Pioneer Natural Resources by 6.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11,104,321 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock valued at $1,999,544,000 after buying an additional 664,476 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Pioneer Natural Resources by 1.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,158,677 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock valued at $1,700,759,000 after buying an additional 166,270 shares during the period. Capital Research Global Investors boosted its stake in Pioneer Natural Resources by 41.6% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 7,367,002 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock valued at $1,367,684,000 after buying an additional 2,165,002 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Pioneer Natural Resources by 7.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,120,219 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock valued at $1,282,138,000 after buying an additional 521,539 shares during the period. Finally, Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in Pioneer Natural Resources by 3.7% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,893,723 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock valued at $351,569,000 after buying an additional 66,827 shares during the period. 93.86% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD) opened at 175.06 on Thursday. The stock’s market cap is $29.72 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is $185.81 and its 200-day moving average is $184.48. Pioneer Natural Resources has a 12-month low of $146.08 and a 12-month high of $199.83. Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The oil and gas development company reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.33 by $0.16. The company had revenue of $1.17 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.07 billion. Pioneer Natural Resources had a negative net margin of 14.56% and a negative return on equity of 0.33%. The business’s revenue was up 8.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.18) EPS. On average, analysts expect that Pioneer Natural Resources will post $1.89 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 12th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st were paid a $0.04 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.16 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.09%. Pioneer Natural Resources’s dividend payout ratio is currently -2.35%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Raymond James Trust N.A. Takes Position in Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/raymond-james-trust-n-a-takes-position-in-pioneer-natural-resources-pxd.html. PXD has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $190.00 price objective (up from $188.00) on shares of Pioneer Natural Resources in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Scotiabank set a $225.00 price objective on shares of Pioneer Natural Resources and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group raised shares of Pioneer Natural Resources from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $212.00 to $250.00 in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Pioneer Natural Resources from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $204.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $215.00 price objective on shares of Pioneer Natural Resources in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirty have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $207.51. In other news, SVP Mark H. Kleinman sold 1,758 shares of Pioneer Natural Resources stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $186.24, for a total value of $327,409.92. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 17,201 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,203,514.24. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CEO Timothy L. Dove sold 1,200 shares of Pioneer Natural Resources stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $193.21, for a total transaction of $231,852.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 255,498 shares in the company, valued at approximately $49,364,768.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 8,358 shares of company stock worth $1,614,482 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 0.92% of the company’s stock. Pioneer Natural Resources Company Profile Pioneer Natural Resources Company is an oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company explores for, develops and produces oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and gas within the United States, with operations primarily in the Permian Basin in West Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale play in South Texas, the Raton field in southeast Colorado and the West Panhandle field in the Texas Panhandle. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PXD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD). Receive News & Ratings for Pioneer Natural Resources Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pioneer Natural Resources and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pembina Pipeline Corp (PPL) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.17 on May 15th MarineMax Inc (HZO) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.20 Per Share Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Sanofi SA (SNY) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Arbutus Biopharma Corp (ABUS) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports AllianceBernsteinome Fund (ACG) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Alcoa Corp (AA) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.17 Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.19 Roper Technologies’ (ROP) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc (ALDR) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Piper Jaffray Companies Trims Bank of Marin Bancorp (BMRC) Target Price to $69.00 Piper Jaffray Companies Boosts CA, Inc. (CA) Price Target to $45.00 ProAssurance’s (PRA) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Boenning Scattergood Opus Bank’s (OPB) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Macquarie Group Ltd. Decreases Stake in Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) 24,851 Shares in Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Acquired by Highbridge Capital Management LLC 21,451 Shares in Control4 Corp (CTRL) Acquired by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Citi Trends, Inc. (CTRN) Sanofi SA (SNY) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Sanofi SA (NYSE: SNY): 4/20/2017 – Sanofi SA had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 4/11/2017 – Sanofi SA was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating. 4/11/2017 – Sanofi SA was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $50.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, “Sanofi’s focus on streamlining its business and pursuing business development deals is encouraging. Meanwhile, Sanofi has several new products in its portfolio and candidates in its pipeline that can contribute to long-term growth. Products like Toujeo, Aubagio and Lemtrada are likely to continue doing well. Moreover, Sanofi’s shares surpassed that of large-cap pharma industry this year so far. Estimates have risen slightly ahead of the company’s Q1 earnings release. The company has a positive record of earnings surprises in the recent quarters. However, headwinds include a bleak outlook for the Diabetes franchise, generic competition for many drugs and slower-than-expected uptake of new products like Praluent.” 4/7/2017 – Sanofi SA was downgraded by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating. 4/6/2017 – Sanofi SA is now covered by analysts at Argus. They set a “buy” rating and a $50.00 price target on the stock. 4/5/2017 – Sanofi SA had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 3/30/2017 – Sanofi SA had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 3/9/2017 – Sanofi SA is now covered by analysts at Liberum Capital. They set a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/7/2017 – Sanofi SA is now covered by analysts at Barclays PLC. They set an “underweight” rating on the stock. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) opened at 44.31 on Thursday. Sanofi SA has a 52 week low of $36.81 and a 52 week high of $45.95. The company has a market capitalization of $111.90 billion, a PE ratio of 22.92 and a beta of 0.98. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $44.55 and a 200-day moving average of $41.27. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.67 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.01. Sanofi SA had a net margin of 13.66% and a return on equity of 26.37%. The company had revenue of $8.88 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.87 billion. Sanofi SA’s quarterly revenue was down 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Sanofi SA will post $3.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a dividend of $1.5771 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. This represents a yield of 3.65%. Sanofi SA’s dividend payout ratio is currently 54.90%. Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan Chase Commits $8.6 Million to Fill Well-Paying, High-Demand Healthcare Jobs WASHINGTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–JPMorgan Chase & Co. today announced a more than $8.6 million commitment to help fill well-paying U.S. healthcare jobs by providing job seekers with critical skills that are in high demand but currently hard to find. As part of the firm’s $325 million global investment in skills development, this nationwide effort will provide lower-income Americans with the economic mobility to move into the middle class while helping healthcare organizations to better serve the increasing number of Americans seeking healthcare services. “Through conversations with clients and partners, JPMorgan Chase has a unique vantage point for understanding how to address challenges healthcare organizations are facing when trying to find skilled workers and better serve patients,” said Chauncy Lennon, Head of Workforce Initiatives, JPMorgan Chase. “By investing in skills training solutions to fill well-paying, high-demand healthcare jobs, we’re not just providing individuals with economic opportunity, but helping to improve entire communities and the U.S. economy.” Health care is the fastest-growing industry, nationally, with employment estimated to grow by 19 percent from 2014 to 2024, adding 2.3 million new jobs. But many of these jobs are expected to go unfilled unless job seekers have certain skills. The increased need for skills-driven healthcare jobs can be attributed to various factors including an aging population, including over 44 million Baby Boomers that will rely more heavily on health care services as well as a shift in how healthcare is provided from curative to preventative care. Rapidly changing technology has also required job seekers to secure necessary training to help them secure middle skill jobs—those that require more education and training than a high school diploma but less than a four-year college degree. JPMorgan Chase aims to giving more workers, including lower-income people who are underemployed, a chance at good, well-paying careers by providing the necessary capital and technical support to local community colleges, training partners and research organizations that are doing innovative work to fill these vital middle skill jobs. Specifically, JPMorgan Chase’s grants will include three areas of focus: Collaborative Partnerships in Training and Workforce Alignment: Training workers for advancement is one way health care employers create middle skill pipelines so the firm has partnered with innovative organizations to build career pathways for in-demand jobs to better prepare the workforce through comprehensive training programs. Apprenticeships: Combining paid on-the-job training with classroom-based learning leads to better employment outcomes for individuals and helps employers build a pipeline of skilled talent. JPMorgan Chase is supporting innovative partnerships that are developing promising new apprenticeship models in some of the highest demand healthcare occupations. Data-Driven Hiring Solutions: Using accurate and timely data-driven research can help the private sector, academic, and philanthropic communities to better understand the barriers that employers and job seekers face. Better data will lead to better long-term outcomes for individuals and the widespread economy. For example, recent JPMorgan Chase reports found that Chicago and Detroit have about 14,500 and 2,600 annual middle skill healthcare jobs, respectively that need to be filled. Each city has expressed concern about finding qualified, trained workers for these well-paying positions. Middle skill jobs provide higher wages and can set workers on a career pathway while improving job security and satisfaction. The increased demand for health care services, changes to the structure of health care delivery, and efforts to control costs affect employment in the health care workforce at all skill levels. These trends suggest healthcare is a promising sector for initiatives focused on developing a strong pipeline to move lower-skilled workers into middle skill jobs. JPMorgan Chase’s new multimillion dollar commitment to strengthening the healthcare workforce will support the following organizations and efforts: Multiple Chicago area workforce grants (Chicago, Illinois) – $1,050,000. Four area healthcare organizations received new funding from JPMorgan Chase including Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s Hospital of Chicago ($300,000), Rush University Medical Center ($100,000), Instituto Del Progreso Latino ($250,000), and One Million Degrees ($400,000). These investments focus on addressing the middle-skills employment gap in Chicago’s healthcare sector by partnering with various groups to recruit and train individuals interested in high-demand healthcare careers. This builds on the work already being done by the Advocate Charitable Foundation to provide access for under-employed workers to clinical, work-based learning, and paid internships at Advocate sites across the Chicago metro area, positioning graduates into higher-paying jobs with longer term career paths within the healthcare industry. The Advocate’s second class graduates on April 20 of this year. “We partner with middle and high schools from low and middle-income neighborhoods in order to prepare students from those neighborhoods for jobs in medicine, nursing, Medical Assistant and Medical Coding,” said Maria Rivera, Director of Workforce Programs, Lurie Children’s. “This year we forged a new partnership with Malcolm X College as well to provide clinical experience to nursing students. As the healthcare industry grows in Chicago, programs like this one help us make sure jobs are filled and staff is properly trained to deliver high quality care. Thanks to JPMorgan Chase for helping make this possible.” H-CAP (Washington, DC) – $1,000,000. H-CAP is a national labor/management organization of SEIU union locals and healthcare employers who are partnering to develop national standards and guidelines for Registered Apprenticeships (RA) by coordinating across regions with key groups to convene a national conversation and opening the door to this model in licensed healthcare occupations. Working with union and employer partners, the group works to meet the needs in current and emerging healthcare occupations by sharing best practices in workforce development and planning, aligning healthcare professional education with industry needs, addressing changes in healthcare technology, and developing programs that combine career advancement with quality outcomes. Specifically, the group aims to implement RA programs in at least five states (CA, CT, MA, NY, and PA) for Advanced Homecare Workers, Behavioral, Health Workers/Technicians, Community Health Workers, and Medical Coding. “With help from JPMorgan Chase we are working to transform healthcare workforce education policies to better assist in providing quality care, developing talent solutions for employers, and creating pathways for employees to learn the critical thinking skills they need in a dynamic and changing industry,” said Daniel Bustillo, Director, H-CAP. “We will promote innovation and quality in the healthcare workforce by fostering the development of national industry standards for healthcare apprenticeships.” Northwell Health (New York City, NY) $750,000. Northwell Health is the largest clinically-integrated healthcare network in New York State, with 21 hospitals, a patient base of eight million and has made a commitment to providing continuous learning opportunities for staff to acquire the knowledge and skills they need to support their strategic and patient care goals. To address the need for middle skill employees and the related necessity for residents of lower-income communities to find pathways to economic security, Northwell developed a pilot program to train and teach community healthcare workers, outreach associates and health coaches. The program provides community members with entry-level job opportunities with clear pathways for upward mobility. This pilot tests a new model for job training, one that is ultimately sustainable and a model for healthcare worker training and advancement on a larger scale. “Our collaboration with JPMorgan Chase helps us fulfill our mission of improving the health of the communities by building a stronger economic future for individuals and their families through long-term employment in New York’s healthcare industry,” said Michael J. Dowling, President and CEO, Northwell Health. “Through this new training and teaching model, we will be able to prepare the health care workforce of tomorrow, offering solid career opportunities in one of the country’s most rapidly evolving industries.” Seton Healthcare Family (Seton) (Austin, Texas) – $730,000. Seton is part of Ascension, the largest nonprofit health system in the U.S. and the world’s largest Catholic health system. The largest private healthcare employer in Central Texas with approximately 12,500 employees, Seton is working to support the development of an employment pipeline for lower-income Greater Austin community residents, to build a pilot initiative to create career pathways within Seton for current frontline healthcare workers, and to create the internal and external capacity for developing a long-term strategic focus on workforce development. “Seton will use this generous funding from JPMorgan Chase to develop creative ways to prepare people for high-demand health care careers specific to our community,” said Jesus Garza, President and CEO, Seton. “Rapid population growth makes it imperative to build the local health care workforce, and create pathways for career advancement to ensure we’re able to retain workers locally.” National Employment Law Project (New York City, New York) – $250,000. NELP is partnering with the Safer Foundation on a pilot project in the Bay Area, Cleveland and Dallas Fort-Worth to engage healthcare employers and workforce development organizations to explore hiring practices, share best practices, and build a foundation for advancing employment opportunities for people with criminal records in pilot communities. Due to limited information available on the experiences of employers that have employed individuals with criminal records, related hiring policies haven’t progressed. This program, which resulted in the production of “A Healthcare Employer Guide to Hiring People with Arrest and Conviction Records,” will lay the groundwork for educating employers on the cost and benefits associated with hiring and employing people with criminal records as compared to other workers. “One in three adults in the U.S. have an arrest or conviction record and current hiring practices in the healthcare industry create significant employment barriers for those people,” said Christine L. Owens, Executive Director, National Employment Law Project. “With employment in the healthcare industry expanding every day, it’s time to update our human resources policies using new data to not only ensure those individuals have a chance to get back on their feet but address the ever-growing healthcare workforce shortage.” Foundation for the Seattle Colleges (Seattle, Washington) – $240,000. The Seattle Colleges District (SCD) comprises the largest community college system in Washington, serving more than 45,000 nontraditional students with programs in workforce education and training, career-focused bachelor’s degrees, and academic transfer degrees. In order to help meet the demand for middle skill workforce, this program aims to place well-trained students who previously been un/underemployed into high-demand healthcare jobs as medical assistants, medical informatics specialists, and medical cyber security technicians by launching three degree programs that incorporate alternative instruction modalities to accommodate the demands of today’s students, including online, hybrid, evening and weekend courses. In addition to placing students, this will assist employers in filling thousands of jobs due a shortage of qualified workers. “Our ongoing partnership with JPMorgan Chase has allowed us to make tremendous strides,” said Malcolm Grothe, PhD, Associate Vice Chancellor, Workforce and Economic Development, Seattle Colleges. “Medical assistants and cyber security techs serve very important roles in our healthcare facilities and building a pathway to make sure their roles are filled is not only good news for their futures, it improves the overall quality of health care in our region.” Employ Milwaukee (Milwaukee, Wisconsin) – $150,000. Employ Milwaukee is the largest workforce investment board in Wisconsin, and has collaborated with the state’s five health systems that collectively employ 50,000 to collaborate on an industry-wide employment strategy. The program aims to deepen the connection between employers and community-based organizations, and has worked with the founding partners to commit to hiring 500 community residents from underserved zip codes, to increase diversity in their healthcare system writ large, and to build collective impact and greater collaboration among community-based organization engaged in workforce efforts. “JPMorgan Chase was the first non-health system to provide funding for our demand-driven healthcare initiative in Milwaukee,” said Earl Buford, CEO of Employ Milwaukee. “Together we are working to make sure there is a steady and diverse pipeline of candidates to fill jobs in this high-growth industry.” The Urban Institute (Washington, DC). The Urban Institute is a nonprofit group that conducts research and offers evidence-based solutions to improve lives and strengthen communities across the world. Urban conducted a study to better understand what innovative practices healthcare employers are using to meet their need for middle skill healthcare workers while also preparing lower-skill employees to fill these jobs. They examined the strategies of up to 10 large healthcare employers seeking to improve access to skills training in the healthcare industry. The public-available research will be used to inform new initiatives and replicate successful existing efforts to help meet the employer need to boost the middle skill healthcare workforce. “JPMorgan Chase has dedicated funding to research that helps workforce organizations better understand the problems facing employers in the healthcare industry,” said Pamela Loprest, Senior Fellow, Urban Institute. “Our research partnership is helping to highlight the key roles some employers already play in building worker skills and how to better allocate resources to prepare job seekers with the training they need to enter well-paying healthcare careers.” Other recipients include: (Idaho) College of Western Idaho Foundation – $45,000 (California) Jewish Vocational Service Los Angeles – $75,000 (California) Los Angeles Area Chamber of Commerce Foundation – $155,000 (California) Telacu Education Foundation – $50,000 (California) Bay Area Council Foundation – $200,000 (California) Valley Vision – $150,000 (California) Center for Employment Training – $100,000 (California) Unity Council – $100,000 (Louisiana) Monroe Chamber of Commerce – $200,000 (New York) East Harlem Employment Service, Inc./Strive International, Inc. – $400,000 (New York) New York Alliance for Careers in Healthcare – $235,000 (New York) Phipps Neighborhoods, Inc. – $1,000,000 (Washington) Spokane Area Workforce Development Council – $200,000 (Washington) The Seattle Foundation/SkillUp – $500,000 Through several targeted philanthropic initiatives, the firm is investing over $325 million in skills development around the world. In addition to a $75 million New Skills for Youth initiative, these investments include a separate five-year, $250 million global initiative called New Skills at Work to help fill vital positions for employers and provide adult workers with a real and tangible pathway to economic opportunity, as well as a $5.8 million effort to support summer youth employment programs for youth around the country. About JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Teddy Shake Gel Pens Receive Four New Five-Star Reviews From Verified Purchasers Next PostNext Fraser Institute News Release: Canada’s air cleanest it’s been in 40 years, stricter environmental regulation may unnecessarily harm economy Search Recent Posts Lantronix Expands Sales Partnerships in Asia Pacific Japan Region The First in World History End Times Degree Program Only Through Luder Wycliffe Theological Seminary ProteanDRIVE® In-Wheel Motors on show at Auto Shanghai 2017 Cambodia Radio Live 3.0 App Customized For iOS Paris’ Champs-Elysees Shooting – Travel Insurance Coverage Pending Terrorism Declaration, says Squaremouth Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arconic Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Upgrades IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) to Buy Arconic Inc (ARNC) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Forest City Realty Trust Inc (FCE.A) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Bank of America Corp NetEase Inc (NTES) Coverage Initiated at Benchmark Co. ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Hovde Group Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Sets New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Regency Centers Corp (REG) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Bunzl plc (BNZL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. AVEVA Group plc (AVV) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,950 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Sprint Corp (S) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Vetr Inc. Upgrades Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) to “Strong-Buy” Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CommerceHub Inc (CHUBA) to Hold Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (RPT) William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for SEI Investments Company (SEIC) OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Short Interest Update Internap Corp (INAP) Short Interest Up 59.2% in March Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €125.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein Arconic Inc (ARNC) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Arconic Inc (NASDAQ:ARNC) in a report released on Tuesday. The brokerage set a “neutral” rating and a $29.00 price target on the basic materials company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 11.67% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Longbow Research began coverage on shares of Arconic in a research report on Friday, March 31st. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. Cowen and Company reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $25.00 price objective on shares of Arconic in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on shares of Arconic from $28.00 to $32.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Arconic from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Arconic from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $24.75. Shares of Arconic (NASDAQ:ARNC) opened at 25.97 on Tuesday. The company’s market cap is $11.44 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $26.80 and its 200 day moving average price is $23.16. Arconic has a 1-year low of $16.75 and a 1-year high of $30.69. Arconic (NASDAQ:ARNC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The basic materials company reported $0.12 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $2.97 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.04 earnings per share. Arconic’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Arconic will post $1.11 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be given a dividend of $0.06 per share. This represents a $0.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.92%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Arconic Inc (ARNC) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/arconic-inc-arnc-now-covered-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, major shareholder International L.P. Elliott bought 544,000 shares of Arconic stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 24th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $21.61 per share, with a total value of $11,755,840.00. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Associates L.P. Elliott bought 224,001 shares of Arconic stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 24th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $29.29 per share, for a total transaction of $6,560,989.29. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have bought 2,941,001 shares of company stock worth $79,150,049. About Arconic Arconic Inc, formerly Alcoa Inc, is engaged in lightweight metals engineering and manufacturing. The Company operates through three segments: Global Rolled Products, Engineered Products and Solutions, and Transportation and Construction Solutions. Its multi-material products, which include aluminum, titanium and nickel, are used around the world in markets, such as aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation and packaging. Receive News & Ratings for Arconic Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Burberry Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Burberry Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bunzl plc (BNZL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. AVEVA Group plc (AVV) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,950 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Sprint Corp (S) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Vetr Inc. Upgrades Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) to “Strong-Buy” Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CommerceHub Inc (CHUBA) to Hold Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (RPT) William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for SEI Investments Company (SEIC) OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Short Interest Update Internap Corp (INAP) Short Interest Up 59.2% in March Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €125.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein BHP Billiton plc (BLT) PT Lowered to GBX 1,700 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Cairn Energy PLC (CNE) Barclays PLC Downgrades Esure Group PLC (ESUR) to Equal Weight Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Dollar General Corp. (DG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Buckingham Research Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Burberry Group plc (LON:BRBY)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 1,600 ($20.14) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 2.17% from the stock’s current price. A number of other research firms have also recently issued reports on BRBY. BNP Paribas reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 1,590 ($20.01) target price on shares of Burberry Group plc in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Liberum Capital lifted their target price on Burberry Group plc from GBX 1,200 ($15.10) to GBX 1,350 ($16.99) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 1,900 ($23.91) target price on shares of Burberry Group plc in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on Burberry Group plc from GBX 1,525 ($19.19) to GBX 1,650 ($20.77) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Bryan, Garnier & Co reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a GBX 1,350 ($16.99) target price on shares of Burberry Group plc in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Burberry Group plc presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 1,590.39 ($20.02). Shares of Burberry Group plc (LON:BRBY) opened at 1546.00 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,755.00 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,575.39. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 6.79 billion. Burberry Group plc has a 52-week low of GBX 1,039.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,838.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-neutral-rating-for-burberry-group-plc-brby.html. About Burberry Group plc Burberry Group plc is a manufacturer, wholesaler and retailer of luxury goods. The Company also licenses third parties to manufacture and distribute products using the Burberry trademarks. The Company’s segments include retail/wholesale and licensing. The Retail/wholesale segment is engaged in the sale of luxury goods through Burberry mainline stores, concessions, outlets and digital commerce, as well as Burberry franchisees, prestige department stores globally and multi-brand specialty accounts. Receive News & Ratings for Burberry Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Burberry Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AVEVA Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AVEVA Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bunzl plc (BNZL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. AVEVA Group plc (AVV) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,950 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Sprint Corp (S) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Vetr Inc. Upgrades Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) to “Strong-Buy” Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CommerceHub Inc (CHUBA) to Hold Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (RPT) William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for SEI Investments Company (SEIC) OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Short Interest Update Internap Corp (INAP) Short Interest Up 59.2% in March Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €125.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein BHP Billiton plc (BLT) PT Lowered to GBX 1,700 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Cairn Energy PLC (CNE) Barclays PLC Downgrades Esure Group PLC (ESUR) to Equal Weight Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Dollar General Corp. (DG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Buckingham Research Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research AVEVA Group plc (AVV) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,950 April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet AVEVA Group plc (LON:AVV) had its target price increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,750 ($22.03) to GBX 1,950 ($24.54) in a report issued on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price suggests a potential downside of 0.61% from the stock’s previous close. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on AVV. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 1,900 ($23.91) target price on shares of AVEVA Group plc in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Barclays PLC reissued an “equal weight” rating and issued a GBX 1,450 ($18.25) target price on shares of AVEVA Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 2,050 ($25.80) target price on shares of AVEVA Group plc in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lifted their target price on shares of AVEVA Group plc from GBX 1,560 ($19.63) to GBX 1,850 ($23.29) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Berenberg Bank reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 1,800 ($22.66) target price on shares of AVEVA Group plc in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 1,848.33 ($23.26). Shares of AVEVA Group plc (LON:AVV) opened at 1990.00 on Thursday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.27 billion. AVEVA Group plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,481.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 2,149.00. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 1,949.61 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 1,889.19. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “AVEVA Group plc (AVV) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,950” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/aveva-group-plc-avv-price-target-raised-to-gbx-1950.html. In related news, insider Christopher Humphrey acquired 1,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 20th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 1,933 ($24.33) per share, with a total value of £28,995 ($36,494.65). AVEVA Group plc Company Profile AVEVA Group plc is a holding company. The Company provides engineering, design and information management software. It operates in three segments: Asia Pacific, Americas, and Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Its engineer products include AVEVA Diagrams, AVEVA Electrical, AVEVA Engineering and AVEVA Instrumentation. Receive News & Ratings for AVEVA Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AVEVA Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunzl plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunzl plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bunzl plc (BNZL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. AVEVA Group plc (AVV) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,950 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Neutral Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Sprint Corp (S) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Vetr Inc. Upgrades Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) to “Strong-Buy” Hain Celestial Group Inc (HAIN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CommerceHub Inc (CHUBA) to Hold Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (RPT) William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for SEI Investments Company (SEIC) OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Short Interest Update Internap Corp (INAP) Short Interest Up 59.2% in March Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €125.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein BHP Billiton plc (BLT) PT Lowered to GBX 1,700 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Cairn Energy PLC (CNE) Barclays PLC Downgrades Esure Group PLC (ESUR) to Equal Weight Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Dollar General Corp. (DG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Buckingham Research Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Bunzl plc (BNZL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Bunzl plc (LON:BNZL)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 2,505 ($31.53) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 8.30% from the stock’s current price. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on BNZL. Shore Capital reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Bunzl plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 2,450 ($30.84) price target on shares of Bunzl plc in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. BNP Paribas reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 2,150 ($27.06) price target on shares of Bunzl plc in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Beaufort Securities reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Bunzl plc in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity raised Bunzl plc to a “buy” rating and boosted their price target for the company from GBX 2,250 ($28.32) to GBX 2,450 ($30.84) in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 2,318.17 ($29.18). Shares of Bunzl plc (LON:BNZL) opened at 2302.00 on Thursday. The company’s market cap is GBX 7.58 billion. Bunzl plc has a one year low of GBX 1,949.50 and a one year high of GBX 2,587.89. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 2,324.61 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 2,181.48. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be given a dividend of GBX 29 ($0.37) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.29%. This is a positive change from Bunzl plc’s previous dividend of $13.00. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 25th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/bunzl-plc-bnzl-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider Charles Paul Budge sold 15,300 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 2,375 ($29.89), for a total transaction of £363,375 ($457,363.12). Also, insider Patrick Larmon bought 160 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 2,250 ($28.32) per share, for a total transaction of £3,600 ($4,531.15). Insiders have sold 35,451 shares of company stock worth $83,261,775 over the last ninety days. Bunzl plc Company Profile Bunzl plc is engaged in the distribution and outsourcing service. The Company supplies a range of sourced non-food products to a range of market sectors in approximately 30 countries. The Company’s segments include North America, Continental Europe, the United Kingdom & Ireland, and Rest of the World. Receive News & Ratings for Bunzl plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunzl plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Banking finance Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. By: Reuters | Published: April 20, 2017 12:54 PM HSBC is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China’s “One Belt, One Road” project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focused more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. You may also like to watch: “Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking,” Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. “They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve,” he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks’ revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. “We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business,” said Lisa Robins, Asia-Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. “I won’t say (it) doesn’t use capital, because we do use capital, but it’s a relatively efficient business.” Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff addition for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks’ headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. “We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you,” said Aurangzeb. “We don’t want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half’s time.” They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China’s “One Belt, One Road” project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. “Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050,” said Ajay Sharma, HSBC’s regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. “That’s the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint.” (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) No Comments. Trending Now BEST claims Rs 4.85 crore dues from restaurant for power theft India wins elections to two United Nations subsidiary bodies IMF 'pleased' to see 'rebalancing' in China's economy: Christine Lagarde Congress leader Jyotiraditya Scindia welcomes government's decision to remove red beacons Indian-Americans launch White House petition to save Kulbhushan Jadhav Telangana CM Chandrasekhar Rao re-elected TRS President In wake of tense Trump call, Pence aims to soothe Australia Lack of political will to contribute funds hampers UN peacebuilding: India US Vice President Mike Pence announces $10 bn in deals on Indonesia trip Winds halt NASA's balloon launch attempt yet again US state carries out first execution in 12 years Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News घटिया साबित हुईं डी कोल्ड टोटल, कॉम्बीफ्लाम जैसी 60 दवाईयां, ड्रग्स रेगुलेटर ने किया था टेस्ट राम मंदिर बनाने के लिए ट्रक में ईंट भरकर अयोध्या पहुंचे मुस्लिम कारसेवक, बोले- 'मंदिर वहीं बनाएंगे' सरकार ने रोकी 6 पूर्व जजों की नियुक्ति, कहा- आईबी ने दी है खराब रिपोर्ट Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axa SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €42.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates “C$1.35” Price Target for Integra Gold Corp (ICG) Axa SA (CS) PT Set at €27.80 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Zacks Investment Research Lowers Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) to Sell Research Analysts Set Expectations for Xcel Energy Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (XEL) Analysts Offer Predictions for WEC Energy Group Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (WEC) Waste Connections Inc (WCN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Morgan Stanley (MS) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Investors Buy Shares of Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) on Weakness After Analyst Downgrade Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Short Interest Down 9.0% in March Symantec Co. (SYMC) Short Interest Update Real Industry (RELY) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Party City Holdco (PRTY) Given Media Impact Score of 0.05 Provident Bancorp (PVBC) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows NV5 Global (NVEE) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.21 NVE Corp (NVEC) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.22 Brokerages Set UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Price Target at $74.75 Culp, Inc. (CFI) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc (SNDX) Receives $27.00 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Axa SA (CS) PT Set at €27.80 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Axa SA (EPA:CS) has been assigned a €27.80 ($29.57) target price by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €24.00 ($25.53) price objective on Axa SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Baader Bank set a €26.50 ($28.19) price objective on Axa SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €26.00 ($27.66) price objective on Axa SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Morgan Stanley set a €26.30 ($27.98) price objective on Axa SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, DZ Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Axa SA in a research note on Monday, February 27th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €24.93 ($26.52). Shares of Axa SA (EPA:CS) opened at 23.29 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of €56.34 billion and a P/E ratio of 10.13. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €23.65 and its 200 day moving average price is €22.74. Axa SA has a 12-month low of €16.11 and a 12-month high of €25.05. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Axa SA (CS) PT Set at €27.80 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/axa-sa-cs-pt-set-at-27-80-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Axa SA Company Profile AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company’s segments include Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management, Banking and Holding companies. The Life & Savings segment’s products include a range of investment and savings products, as well as Protection and Health products. Receive News & Ratings for Axa SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/shift-to-fees-paying-off-for-brokerages-1492716538 Things to Know Shift to Fees Paying Off for Brokerages Brokerages like Merrill Lynch and J.P. Morgan Chase are racking up advisory fees amid a shift to fee-based accounts, The Wall Street Journal reports. April 20, 2017 3:28 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto Brokerages like Merrill Lynch and J.P. Morgan Chase are racking up advisory fees amid a shift to fee-based accounts, The Wall Street Journal reports. Get the best of Barron's Advisor Center every weekday. By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. I'd like to receive updates and special offers from Dow Jones and affiliates. Email address is not valid. Agree to the policies to sign up. Subscribe Congratulations! You have been subscribed to our daily Barron’s Advisor Center newsletter Newsletters will start being sent to you within 48 hours. Review our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Bank of America Corp.’s global wealth unit, which includes the Merrill, gained a record $29.2 billion in new fee-based assets in the first quarter. At J.P. Morgan, $8 billion of new assets flowed into long-term products, including those that charge a recurring fee. “The developments are the latest sign that advice for a recurring fee is Wall Street’s go-to compensation model for the future, as firms like Merrill and J.P. Morgan use the fiduciary rule as a way to phase out commissions as a payment option in retirement accounts,” the Journal says. “The industry shift is coming even as the Trump administration seeks to eliminate or revise the rule.” A fee-based model allows brokerages to better compete with independent rivals. In addition, fees for advice and services are more lucrative over time than commissions. Fee-based accounts can yield as much as 50% more revenue than commission accounts, Morningstar has found. Today in Advisor Center Focus Deal Underlines Market Shift How to Score the Best Marijuana Stocks Robo-Advisor Wealthfront to Offer Loans Survey: 9 of 10 Investors Want Fiduciary Rule Text Size Regular Medium Large Most Popular iPhone 8 Delays? Why Investors Need Not Worry Trump Rally 2.0 Could Be Around the Corner Why It Might Be Time to Sell Time Warner Shares Latest In Things to Know Latest In Things to Know Things to Know sdfsdf sdfsdf sdfsdfs Things to Know AC Boomtrain test AC Boomtrain test AC Boomtrain test Things to Know Most Advisors Still Prepping for DOL Rule Most Advisors Still Prepping for DOL Rule Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer JPMorgan's Matthew Boss says 2 key factors are fueling brick-and-mortar strength Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters JPMorgan's Boss: 2 key factors fueling brick-and-mortar strength    8 Hours Ago | 00:58 JPMorgan retail analyst Matthew Boss sees the rare winners of brick-and-mortar retail pursuing two aspects that he believes are key to staying afloat during the rise of e-commerce. "Convenience is Amazon, convenience is e-commerce. It's value and convenience. That's what the off-price sector has today," Boss told "Mad Money" host Jim Cramer on Thursday. Over 4,000 store closures have been announced in the past 18 months, many of them department stores. Boss said that while the department stores' biggest obstacles are a lack of convenience and value perception, the closings could signal a turn in the embattled sector. "It's a big step in the right direction," Boss said. "I think this is still multi-year, but the companies know what they're up against, they know about the brick and mortar versus the e-commerce." Watch the full segment here: show chapters JPMorgan's Matthew Boss says 2 key factors are fueling brick-and-mortar strength    8 Hours Ago | 06:58 In the meantime, retailers that seize on Boss' ideal trifecta — convenience, value, and innovation — have emerged as winners, namely the off-price, dollar store, and athletic sectors. "I think there's real opportunity to own retail here, you just still need to be selective," Boss said. "You look at the off-price sector. The world is coming to them." Boss' top picks in the off-price category are TJX Companies, Burlington, and smaller-cap name Ollie's Bargain Outlet. "I think Burlington has the opportunity to double their margins [and] double their store count, so we really like Burlington," the analyst said. And although Boss has routinely been one of the most negative on Wall Street about The Gap and its subsidiaries, his Thursday note suggested otherwise. "We're seeing Old Navy solidify. That's half of the story here. So last quarter you saw Old Navy really outpace the retail sector. I think you're going to see the same thing this quarter," Boss said. Boss added that weather analytics company Weather Trends International is forecasting a "perfect back-to-school setup" in the fall and a colder November, which could mean better holiday sales. "The Gap Stores is not going to be a name that I'd want on the short side heading into a setup like that," Boss told Cramer. At the end of the day, analysts cannot deny that retailers are struggling. But when the self-admitted "most negative guy" in the space sees the negativity plateauing, it could be time to seek buying opportunities as a trough approaches. "I think we're just at the tip of the iceberg of people starting to focus on that, where you think about the market share opportunity for the long term survivors," Boss said. "I think if we've hit that peak, these closures will continue, but the real key is, how many year-over-year?" Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change TJX --- GPS --- OLLI --- AMZN --- BURL --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Today: April 21, 2017, 9:05 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business Murphy USA Announces Pricing of Notes Offering PR-Inside.com: 2017-04-21 00:01:02 EL DORADO, Arkansas, April 20, 2017 - Murphy USA (NYSE: MUSA) announced today that it has priced its previously announced offering of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior notes due 2027 (the "Notes") by its wholly owned subsidiary, Murphy Oil USA, Inc. ("Murphy Oil USA"). The Notes will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Murphy USA and by certain of Murphy USA's domestic subsidiaries. The Notes will be issued at an issue price of 100.000%. The offering is expected to close on April 25, 2017. Murphy USA intends to use the first $250 million of net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. The remainder of the net proceeds will be used to pay down amounts outstanding under Murphy USA's senior credit facilities. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Stephens Inc. are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering is being made under an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-213416) filed by Murphy USA with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. Before investing, you should read the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus and other documents Murphy USA has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Murphy Oil USA and this offering. An investor may obtain free copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website, www.sec.gov, or by contacting: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 1-866-803-9204; or Stephens Inc., 111 Center Street, Little Rock, AR 72201, attn: Fixed Income Syndicate, toll-free: 1-800-643-9691. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. About Murphy USA Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) is a leading retailer of gasoline and convenience merchandise with more than 1,400 stations located primarily in the Southwest, Southeast and Midwest United States. The company and its team of over 9,000 employees serve an estimated 1.6 million customers each day through its network of retail gasoline stations in 26 states. The majority of Murphy USA's sites are located in close proximity to Walmart stores. The company also markets gasoline and other products at standalone stores under the Murphy Express brand.  Murphy USA ranks 258 among Fortune 500 companies. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this news release contain or may suggest "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements express management's current views concerning future events or results, including without limitation our anticipated growth strategy, particularly  with respect to our Walmart relationship and plans to build additional sites, and our ability to generate revenues, including through the sale of Renewable Identification Numbers, which are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause one or more of these forecasted events not to occur include, but are not limited to, a  deterioration in the business or prospects of the U.S. retail marketing business, adverse developments in the U.S. retail marketing business's markets or adverse developments in the U.S. or global capital markets, credit markets or economies generally, the volatility and level of crude oil, corn and other commodity prices, the volatility and level of  gasoline  prices, customer demand for our products, disruptions in our relationship with Walmart, political and regulatory developments that may be adverse to us, and uncontrollable  natural hazards or any of the other factors set forth under the caption "Risk Factors" in the prospectus supplement and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 incorporated by reference therein. As a result you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.  If any of the forecasted events does not occur for any reason, our business, results of operation, cash flows and/or financial condition may be materially adversely affected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events, new information or future circumstances.  Investor Contact: Christian Pikul - Director of Investor Relations Christian.Pikul@murphyusa.com Office - 870-875-7683 Joe Van Cavage - Investor Relations Analyst Joe.VanCavage@murphyusa.com Office - 870-875-7522 This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Murphy USA Inc. via Globenewswire # 944 Words Related Articles More From The Author Tech Mahindra Expands Relationship with Covisint to [..] Global Partnership Drives Digital Business Transformation by Securely Connecting Complete Ecosystems of People, Systems and [..] Heineken Holding N.V. Annual General Meeting of [..] Amsterdam, 20 April 2017 - Heineken Holding N.V. announced today that its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) has adopted [..] Heineken N.V. Annual General Meeting adopts all [..] Amsterdam, 20 April 2017 - Heineken N.V. announced today that its Annual General Meeting (AGM) has adopted all proposals on [..] Head to Iceland on the Land Rover [..] Customers of Mytyres.co.uk : This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here. During the six-day Experience [..] Stolt-Nielsen Limited : Stolt-Nielsen Limited Holds Annual [..] LONDON, April 20, 2017 - Stolt-Nielsen Limited (Oslo Børs: SNI) announced today that all agenda items were approved and all [..]   More From Business China Skinny Free Email Course Offers Insights [..] China Skinny has created a five-day email course for brands and individuals looking to learn more about the Chinese market [..] Asia's Largest Spring Electronics Fair and ICT [..] New Startup Zone & Tech Hall Showcase Cutting-edge, Smart Products HONG KONG, Apr 13, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - The [..] Modern Land Maintains "B+" by Fitch Ratings, [..] HONG KONG, Apr 13, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - A leading real estate developer of green technological properties - Modern [..] Blue Harbour Property Management Introduces A Client [..] Blue Harbour Property Management introduces a client referral program for realtors. Do you have clients who have tried selling their [..] Legend Holdings' net profit increased 4.3% to [..] Strategic Focus on Three Sectors and Overseas, coupled with efficient "Post-investment Management + Services", Boosting [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Hedge fund assets reach new high of $3.1 trillion on positive returns Morning Top 10 Thursday Here are 4 ‘high conviction’ stock ideas from Morgan Stanley for earnings season Bet on AMD, this other hot stock into earnings: Options trader Buy Coca-Cola for its return to earnings growth next year, Credit Suisse says Morning Top 10 Wednesday Goldman's fintech revolution can’t come fast enough The strongest earnings growth in 5 years will fail to boost the market: JPMorgan Netflix bulls on Wall Street unfazed by mixed results — research wrap Buy McDonald's because of its new menu offerings, digital ordering, Bernstein says Apple's services business will double in 3 years, Credit Suisse predicts Morning Top 10 Tuesday Goldman makes this beer importer one of its favorite stocks Buy Imax because of its improving China box office, analyst says Morning Top 10 Monday U.S. banks all dressed up no where to grow Spring housing sales off to 'robust' start, analyst says; recommends Toll, Lennar Here are Leon Cooperman's favorite stocks right now Morning Top 10 Thursday Buy PayPal because credit card competition fears ‘overblown’: Analyst Lululemon shares, down 20% so far in 2017, are poised for a comeback: Analyst This chart shows a key part of the 'Trump trade' may still have some life left Buy Netflix because subscriber numbers will top Street next week, Goldman says Hess shares to rally 60% in the next year, Bank of America predicts Western Digital to surge more than 30% on chip shortage, JPMorgan says Goldman makes Hilton a favorite pick, sees shares jumping more than 30% Goldman: Market going lower, so buy stocks with rising profitability Morning Top 10 Monday Apple will launch a new high-end iPhone model this year, analyst says JPMorgan recommends Facebook and Netflix into earnings, but is 'cautious' on Amazon Wal-Mart to rally 15% as it shows 'new prowess' online, Telsey Advisory predicts Morning Top 10 Friday Bezos’ deep pockets give him the edge over Musk in space These are the 5 favorite tech stocks from Wall Street's top analysts Be wary of bank stocks into earnings season, strategist warns Deutsche Bank downgrades T-Mobile because of wireless service pricing pressure AMD to plunge because it is ‘priced for perfection,’ Goldman says Morning Top 10 Thursday These 9 stocks will thrive from even modest tax reform, Jefferies says Trump is not going to like what's behind this winning trade since the election Sell Shake Shack on saturation risk from opening new restaurants, Goldman says Buy Under Armour because social media sentiment is improving, Jefferies says Citigroup and Wells Fargo upgraded by KBW before earnings on rising rates Morning Top 10 Wednesday This chart could hold the clue to the next big interest rate move Buy Apple because suppliers are seeing rising demand, analyst says Caterpillar to rally 30% on construction equipment turnaround, Goldman says Citi downgrades Bank of America on valuation after near 40% rally since election Sell Nvidia because card demand going ‘from bad to worse,’ analyst says Apple proves once again it can be cold-blooded with suppliers 9 ‘most crowded’ stocks investors may want to avoid, Credit Suisse says Buy Live Nation because millennials driving rising concert ticket sales: Goldman April is the Dow's best month and these stocks do particularly well Netflix will miss its US subscriber guidance, analyst says Sell Under Armour because of a price war with Nike, analyst says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: After a smooth 5% climb in the 1st quarter, rally still looks healthy Stephen Weiss: Your investment setup for the week ahead Buy McDonald's because the new fresh beef Quarter Pounder will increase sales, Credit Suisse says These are the 5 favorite commodity stocks from Wall Street's top analysts Strategist Lee: Junk bond disturbance usually means bad things for stocks Citi downgrades this high-flying Apple supplier because iPhone upside priced in Morning Top 10 Friday Breakingviews: Sears may leave an even bigger finance legacy S&P 500 gains for the year are in, BMO says, so bet on growth stocks from here Analysts' pie-in-the-sky earnings estimates for 2017 to come crashing down, strategist says Buy energy stocks on the dip because oil prices will rise, Jefferies says This Apple chip supplier will surge because of the next iPhone, JPMorgan says Goldman downgrades Goodyear shares because of heavy tire discounting by dealers Morning Top 10 Thursday Karma. BlackRock brings Wall Street some automation payback Buy Morgan Stanley due to its improving trading business, Deutsche Bank says These construction materials stocks will rally on infrastructure plan, Citi says Amazon will be worth $1 trillion one day, Barclays predicts Sell Victoria's Secret parent shares on Aerie competition, Jefferies says Mexican peso, stocks are strong performers in March How to invest in Trump’s tax reform, infrastructure plans Morning Top 10 Tuesday Here's why the most bullish Snap analyst on Wall Street loves the stock Best Buy upgraded on potential Sears, Hhgregg store closures, analyst says Goldman: Expect a delay in tax reform and watch the market fall Buy Apple because new iPhone will spark ‘high pent-up replacement' demand, JPMorgan says Morning Top 10 Monday Santoli: Fewer stock pickers doesn't necessarily make it easier to outperform Breakingviews: Eton Park Buy financials on the dip because of rising interest rates, strategist says TipRanks: Insiders with great track records are buying these 3 health-care stocks Buy Under Armour because survey points to ‘compelling growth,’ Jefferies says Buy Apple on 'significantly larger' new iPhone cycle, analyst says Alibaba to rally 25 percent-plus on surging cloud business, analyst says Sell this tobacco stock because rising gas prices will hurt sales: RBC Buy Apple on excitement for the next iPhone, higher pricing, analyst says Sell Whole Foods shares because store is 'victim of its own success,' UBS says This stock will surge more than 30% on its new cloud-based security offering, Goldman says The bond market is no longer convinced Trump can spark an economic boom This chip stock will surge this year on better profitability, Credit Suisse says Electric autos overhyped, bet on cleaner burning engine suppliers: Deutsche Bank Morgan Stanley downgrades airline stocks on too much added capacity Market is trading on Trump’s fiscal policy chances, Barclays says Buy Monster Beverage on international growth, JPMorgan says › Pro Analysis Breakingviews: JPMorgan believes a $100 billion deal may happen Jeffrey Goldfarb 10 Hours AgoBreakingviews SHARES Stan Honda | AFP | Getty Images JPMorgan Chase headquarters, New York. There just might be $100 billion of cash looking for a deal. JPMorgan's global mergers chairman, Kurt Simon, recently dangled the audacious notion that the capital markets could fully finance a 12-figure acquisition. He didn't suggest such a transaction was in the works, though, and there aren't many plausible targets. Simon's exuberance is understandable. A record $6.6 trillion of debt was raised globally last year, about half of it the investment-grade corporate variety, according to Thomson Reuters data. JPMorgan helped arrange more of these dollars than any other bank. And just over six months ago, Bayer clinched its takeover of U.S. seeds producer Monsanto in the largest-ever all-cash deal at $66 billion. It's nevertheless a big leap to the sum Simon suggested among his "2017 predictions," even if he hedged it with a question mark. A scan of S&P 500 Index constituents turns up a few dozen companies in the $60 billion to $90 billion range, leaving room for a premium. Some, including DuPont and Time Warner, are already spoken for in deals. Others, such as Goldman Sachs and Starbucks, would be challenging takeover targets. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- JPM --- Pro Analysis Hedge fund assets reach new high of $3.1 trillion as positive returns trump outflows Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Thursday morning Here are 4 ‘high conviction’ stock ideas from Morgan Stanley for earnings season Bet on AMD, this other hot stock into earnings: Options trader Credit Suisse sees Coca-Cola returning to profit growth next year after long dry stretch To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Finance April 19, 2017 6:08 p.m. Updated 04/19/2017 JPMorgan to triple size of New York technology hub Lender is stepping up as competition for coders in the financial industry mounts Bloomberg News Comments Email Print × Photo: Bloomberg News To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Daily Alert Sign up for our FREE daily email newsletter. A summary of the day's top business and political headlines from the newsroom of Crain's New York Business. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Trump and Kushner must stop the... No place to live Opposition to Crown Heights armory plan is... Apple plans to remove its Fifth Avenue... To counter Trump's travel ban, make hostels... Most Popular For-profit meditation centers are the new... Is this the store of the future? Second Avenue subway rent boost proves... Tax break for builders might be irrelevant The real purpose of Cuomo's free-college-... Related News BlackRock pays Fink $25.5 million as assets top $5 trillion Wall Street banks thrive, lending stalls as Trump era begins Wells Fargo is the perfect example for the need to break up big banks Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Insperity Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insperity Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. (BKEP) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Armstrong Henry H Associates Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Coastline Trust Co Has $5.148 Million Position in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) 28,696 Shares in HubSpot Inc (HUBS) Acquired by Capital Impact Advisors LLC Coastline Trust Co Decreases Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Position Cut by Coastline Trust Co Capital Impact Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Insperity Inc (NSP) Capital Impact Advisors LLC Takes Position in Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Capital Impact Advisors LLC Has $1.818 Million Stake in Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC Reduces Position in National Research Co. (NRCIB) Equity Residential Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $3.12 Per Share (EQR) Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC Has $21.489 Million Stake in Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Strong-Buy Triumph Bancorp Inc (TBK) Posts Earnings Results Pinnacle Financial Partners’ (PNFP) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Stephens Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.08 EPS Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact ReneSola (SOL) Share Price Eyegate Pharmaceuticals (EYEG) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Universal Security Instruments (UUU) Stock Price Green Brick Partners (GRBK) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Capital Impact Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Insperity Inc (NSP) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Impact Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Insperity Inc (NYSE:NSP) by 9.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 19,924 shares of the business services provider’s stock after buying an additional 1,774 shares during the period. Capital Impact Advisors LLC’s holdings in Insperity were worth $1,766,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in NSP. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Insperity by 18.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 143,541 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $10,427,000 after buying an additional 22,230 shares during the period. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd boosted its position in shares of Insperity by 14.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Japan Co. Ltd now owns 2,372 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $172,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. Ifrah Financial Services Inc. bought a new position in shares of Insperity during the third quarter worth about $218,000. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Insperity by 325.7% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 204,321 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $14,842,000 after buying an additional 156,330 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Insperity by 66.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 383,106 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $27,829,000 after buying an additional 153,003 shares during the period. 83.11% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Insperity Inc (NYSE:NSP) traded up 2.59% on Thursday, hitting $89.10. The stock had a trading volume of 36,386 shares. Insperity Inc has a 12 month low of $51.39 and a 12 month high of $90.55. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $86.97 and a 200-day moving average price of $76.71. The stock has a market cap of $1.87 billion, a PE ratio of 28.83 and a beta of 0.83. Insperity (NYSE:NSP) last announced its earnings results on Monday, February 13th. The business services provider reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.54 by $0.04. The company earned $729.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $732 million. Insperity had a net margin of 2.22% and a return on equity of 100.38%. Insperity’s revenue was up 12.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.33 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Insperity Inc will post $4.30 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/capital-impact-advisors-llc-raises-stake-in-insperity-inc-nsp.html. A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Robert W. Baird reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $92.00 price objective (up from $74.00) on shares of Insperity in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Zacks Investment Research raised Insperity from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Roth Capital cut Insperity from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, First Analysis raised Insperity from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $84.00 to $98.00 in a research note on Monday, February 13th. In other Insperity news, President Richard G. Rawson sold 48,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $77.19, for a total value of $3,743,715.00. Following the completion of the sale, the president now directly owns 131,844 shares in the company, valued at $10,177,038.36. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Chairman Paul J. Sarvadi sold 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.88, for a total transaction of $2,516,400.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now owns 261,138 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $21,904,255.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 162,263 shares of company stock valued at $13,261,001. 27.47% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Insperity Insperity, Inc provides a range of human resources (HR) and business solutions. The Company’s HR services offerings are provided through its Workforce Optimization and Workforce Synchronization solutions (together, its professional employer organization (PEO) HR Outsourcing solutions), which encompass a range of human resources functions, including payroll and employment administration, employee benefits, workers’ compensation, performance management and training and development services, along with its cloud-based human capital management platform, the Employee Service Center (ESC). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Insperity Inc (NYSE:NSP). Receive News & Ratings for Insperity Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insperity Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Banks Much More Biotech Markets Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All J.P Morgan Gives Madison Square Garden Stock An 'Overweight' Rating TheStreet Staff Apr 20, 2017 12:51 PM EDT Analysts at JPMorgan started Madison Square Garden Co. ( MSG) with an "overweight" rating and a price target of $245 on Thursday. The stock was trading in the green, up by 0.98% to $200.84 early this afternoon.   Read The Full Story Here: Madison Square Garden Stock Started with 'Overweight' Rating at JPMorgan This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Madison Square Garden Stock Started with 'Overweight' Rating at JPMorgan JPMorgan is bullish on MSG. Amanda Schiavo Apr 20, 2017 12:51 PM EDT American Companies, Even Those Critical of Trump, Gave Big Bucks to Inauguration Corporate America shelled out big bucks for President Trump's inauguration. Emily Stewart Apr 19, 2017 5:16 PM EDT 5 Companies That Announced Share Buybacks This Week These five companies announced this week that they will repurchase shares. TheStreet Staff Feb 3, 2017 1:47 PM EST Trending Ford Makes This Super Fancy Pickup Truck You Never Heard of Before -- Here's What It's Like A Tirade by a Starbucks Barista Over the Unicorn Frappuccino Reminds Everyone of One Big Challenge 20 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal Top 10 Markets to Own Rental Homes Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How Wells Fargo & Company Makes Most of Its Money Wells Fargo doesn't rely on investment banking and trading like many other big banks do. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Apr 20, 2017 at 11:48AM Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) is one of the "big four" financial institutions in the United States, along with Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase, and Bank of America, but it makes its money somewhat differently from the others. Specifically, while the others rely on investment banking and trading activities for large percentages of their revenue, Wells Fargo's revenue mix looks more like what you'd expect from a traditional savings & loan. Wells Fargo's revenue sources In 2016, Wells Fargo generated approximately $94.2 billion in revenue, $53.7 billion of which came from interest income and $40.5 billion of which came from other sources, such as fees. Image source: Getty Images. Here's a breakdown of the sources of Wells Fargo's interest income: Source Amount ($billions) Loans $39.5 Investment securities $9.2 Trading assets $2.5 Other interest income $1.6 Mortgages held for sale $0.8 Total $53.7 Source: Wells Fargo 2016 Income Statement. Numbers may not add up perfectly, due to rounding. As you might expect, the lion's share of Wells Fargo's interest income comes from its lending activities. The noninterest income, on the other hand, is a bit more complicated: Source Amount ($billions) Trust and investment fees $14.2 Mortgage banking $6.1 Service charges on deposit accounts $5.4 Card fees $3.9 Other fees $3.7 Lease income $1.9 Insurance $1.3 Other income $1.3 Net gains on debt securities $0.9 Net gains from equity investments $0.9 Net gains from trading activities $0.8 Total $40.5 Source: Wells Fargo 2016 Income Statement. Numbers may not add up perfectly, due to rounding. The main point to notice in these charts is that most of Wells Fargo's money is made from traditional consumer and business banking activities -- not investment banking and trading, which makes up a much larger portion of most other banks' revenue streams. For example, about $12.1 billion of Bank of America's $42.6 billion in noninterest income in 2016 came from investment banking and trading profits. Wells Fargo's revenue by business division Wells Fargo operates its business in three divisions -- community banking, wholesale banking, and wealth and investment management. The community banking division is the one that provides banking products for consumers and small businesses, such as checking and savings accounts, credit and debit cards, auto loans, mortgages, and other lending products. It also offers investment services and insurance in 39 states and D.C. Community banking is Wells Fargo's largest division, and accounted for about 53% of the bank's revenue in the most recent quarter. Wholesale banking provides many of the same services as the community banking division, but to businesses, governments, and other institutions. In addition, wholesale banking offers treasury management, corporate trust, and equipment financing services, just to name a few. The wholesale banking division made up about 33% of the bank's total revenue in the latest quarter. Finally, the wealth and investment management division provides investment and retirement products to individuals and businesses through Wells Fargo Advisors, Wells Fargo Asset Management, and others. This includes Wells Fargo's brokerage services, as well as financial planning services provided to high-net-worth individuals. This is Wells Fargo's smallest division, at about 19% of revenue, but it has grown considerably over the past several years. The bottom line The main thing to notice here is that while some of Wells Fargo's revenue comes from trading and investing, most of Wells Fargo's money is made from traditional consumer banking activities such as lending, credit cards, and account fees. This makes the bank different than the other big U.S. banks, as the business model looks more like a traditional savings and loan than what we've become accustomed to from our massive financial institutions. From an investing standpoint, Wells Fargo's more narrow focus on its core business has resulted in stronger and more consistent growth than most of its peers. Wells Fargo is a financial institution that does a better job of running an efficient and safe consumer banking operation than most, and the bank sticks with what it's good at. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Apr 20, 2017 at 11:48AM Financials Stocks Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $53.50 up $1.35 (2.59%) Read More This Chart Sums Up Wells Fargo's Fall From Grace The Fallen Angel of the Bank Industry The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds Wells Fargo’s Latest Retail Banking Update Remains Dismal Why Did Wells Fargo Shares Tumble on Thursday? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How Wells Fargo & Company Makes Most of Its Money @themotleyfool #stocks $WFC
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} How JPMorgan Chase Supports Young Men Of Color On Path To College {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice Grads of Life ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe Navigating the path to college can be overwhelming for youth and their families.  Between researching and narrowing down a list of colleges to apply to, preparing applications, and piecing together financial aid materials, youth can benefit from the support and guidance of mentors throughout the college and career planning process. This is evidenced by the work of JPMorgan Chase employee mentors that support young men of color in The Fellowship Initiative (TFI), a comprehensive academic, socio-emotional, college access and career readiness support program currently operating in Los Angeles, Chicago and New York City with 120 Fellows. 100% of the participants in the program pilot graduated from high school on time and were accepted into college. Research shows that boys and young men of color face even greater obstacles on the path to college and career. “As early as kindergarten, nearly a quarter of African American boys, three times more than their white counterparts, are already convinced that they lack the innate ability to succeed in school,” according to researcher David Kirp. A literature review of promising practices from the John W. Gardner Center for Youth and Their Communities concludes that a combination of individual and institutional approaches are needed to improve both college access and completion among boys and young men of color. An individual approach necessitates culturally relevant and responsive, research-supported interventions to address academics, college knowledge, and social and emotional skills and mindsets among students and their families. An institutional approach involves a longstanding commitment among leaders, administrators, teachers and faculty, community stakeholders, and students themselves within and across relevant entities to work in a highly collaborative environment. The TFI mentors are playing an active role in preparing the Fellows for college by sharing their own college experiences, equipping the Fellows with key questions to ask while visiting colleges, coaching the Fellows through the writing of their personal statements, and forecasting the expenses associated with college.  As a result, the Fellows are demonstrating more confidence in their ability to go to college, meeting application and scholarship deadlines, and integrating new perspectives into their decision-making process. Mentor Michigan highlights five key behaviors that mentors should practice with youth planning for college: Listen: Be receptive and listen when youth want to discuss college and/or career plans. Actively listen to what is not being said and empathize with their concerns and fears. Explore: Help youth explore college and career options. Collect as much information as possible. Encourage: Encourage youth by helping them see the connection between college and careers. Speak positively about college and share your own college experiences. Be Aware: Be aware of various deadlines for applications and financial aid, and continually raise awareness of key steps on their college planning pathway. Be Supportive: Be supportive without judging and encourage youth to remain focused on college planning milestones. Celebrate accomplishments along the way. To support mentors who are working with youth on their path to college, JPMorgan Chase has collaborated with MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership to publish Finding the Greatness Within: Supporting College and Career Success for Young Men of Color. Here are a few of the college planning recommendations: Help Youth Develop a College Planning Checklist Review the Department of Education’s College Preparation Checklist with youth and their parents/guardians. An alternative resource is College View’s Pathway to College HS Plan. In the fall of a young person’s senior year, mentors should remind youth to stay academically focused while engaging in other school, community and leadership opportunities. It’s also best for students to complete the FAFSA and college admissions tests such as SAT and/or ACT in the fall. Youth should be encouraged to complete and submit college and scholarship applications well ahead of deadlines. Visiting colleges where acceptance is secured and finalizing all financial aid offerings is also recommended. Guide Youth in Selecting Colleges to Apply To Coach youth on what to consider when visiting colleges, utilizing this college visit checklist. Guide youth in selecting their “best fit” colleges: Seek out personal recommendations. Focus on academic goals. Explore extracurricular and social opportunities. Investigate housing options. Attend college fairs and speak to diverse individuals (admissions, students, faculty). Compare financial aid offerings and consider all college expenses. Remember, no decision is truly final. Coach Youth in Writing College Essays Help youth think through the outline of their essay by asking them questions to surface the key information and prioritize stories that they want to communicate in the essay. Coach youth on how to write their college essays using the following recommendations from the National Association of College Admission Counseling and US. News & World Report: Be yourself – differentiate yourself. Be honest. Take a risk. Keep in focus – avoid over communicating. Write and re-write – focus on storytelling. Get a second opinion. Represent the best of you (be professional). Look at the essay in the context of the whole application package / process. Review at least 3 drafts of each college essay and provide youth with feedback on what is strong and what could be enhanced. Explore Financial Aid Opportunities with Youth Brainstorm a list of potential sources of financial aid for college (i.e. FAFSA, scholarships, grants, loans, work study, personal savings, etc.). Review the FAFSA: How to Guide for HS Students with youth and their parents/guardians. Work with youth on developing a college budget including expenses outside of tuition, room, and board, such as transportation, books, and class supplies. Research tips on saving money leading up to and throughout college as well as minimizing college expenses. JPMorgan Chase created the Your Path to Savings worksheet to help individuals develop a personal budget, and Mint.com offers a college budget template that mentors can use with youth. Leverage Strengths and Build Skills Work with youth on developing and practicing skills that the National Association of Colleges and Employers’ Job Outlook 2016 survey reports that employers are seeking, such as leadership skills and a strong work ethic, the ability to work in a team, communication skills (written and verbal), problem-solving skills, and initiative. This will help youth differentiate themselves in the college admissions process. In 2012, the U.S. Department of Labor developed Skills to Pay the Bills: Mastering Soft Skills for Workplace Success, which mentors can leverage for skill-building activities. Encourage engagement and celebrate achievements in extra-curricular activities that help strengthen young people’s self-esteem and self-confidence. Help youth to reflect on their strengths and identify opportunities to leverage and further evolve these strengths both in school and in the community. There is no shortage of opportunities for mentors to support youth as they prepare for college. Despite the process feeling overwhelming at times and daunting, mentors can help youth and their families manage their stress, break down the process into achievable tasks, and celebrate progress and achievements along the way. For many young men of color, engaging in mentoring relationships focused on college readiness is very much a journey in self-discovery and an opportunity to define their identity and pursue their goals with the support of a caring adult. Dan Horgan is the CEO of D.G. Horgan Group and is the Corporate Partnerships Consultant for MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership. About MENTOR MENTOR: The National Mentoring Partnership is the unifying champion for quality youth mentoring in the United States. MENTOR’s mission is to close the “mentoring gap” and ensure our nation’s young people have the support they need through quality mentoring relationships to succeed at home, school, and ultimately, work. To achieve this, MENTOR collaborates with its network of affiliate Mentoring Partnerships and works to drive the investment of time and money into high impact mentoring programs and advance quality mentoring through the development and delivery of standards, cutting-edge research and state-of-the-art tools. Connect with MENTOR on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Homeowners with Adjustable-Rate Mortgages Increased Their Spending in Anticipation of Lower Mortgage Payments Despite a Drop in Home Values WASHINGTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Today the JPMorgan Chase Institute released data showing that homeowners with adjustable rate mortgages (ARMs) significantly increased their spending both before and after anticipated mortgage payment decreases, despite a substantial drop in their home values. As a result of the Federal Reserve’s low interest rate policy, the mortgage rates of ARMs that reset between 2010 and 2012 dropped substantially, leading to lower mortgage payments for ARM borrowers. These homeowners increased their credit card spending by 9 percent in the year before the anticipated drop in their mortgage payments and by 15 percent in the year after reset, despite a 25 percent drop in their home values over the 5 years before reset. Homeowners used the savings from lower ARM payments to make more purchases across all spending categories. Notably, spending on home improvements increased the most in both the pre-reset and post-reset periods, by 20 percent and 26 percent respectively. Homeowners increased their investment in their homes despite the fact that home values had dropped by 25 percent since origination. The Consumer Spending Response to Mortgage Resets: Microdata on Monetary Policy report was constructed using de-identified data of 4,321 homeowners who had 30-year 5/1 ARMs that reset between April 2010 and December 2012 and a credit card through Chase. The report includes an analysis of changes in credit card spending and revolving balance in the two-year period surrounding ARM reset. Note that the median income of the sample was approximately $120,000, which is considerably higher than the Survey of Consumer Finances median before-tax family income for homeowners in the time period analyzed. “These data underscore the impact of easy monetary policy on the spending of ARM borrowers despite declining home values, and highlight a segment of borrowers that should be carefully watched as rates begin to go back up,” said Diana Farrell, President and CEO, JPMorgan Chase Institute. “As housing policy reforms are deliberated, consideration should also be given to how those policies impact which type of mortgage borrowers choose and the influence those choices have on the ability of monetary policy to impact personal consumption.” Following are the key findings from this new report. Finding One: 44 percent of the homeowners in the sample experienced a large drop in their hybrid ARM payment at reset, which on average represented over 5 percent of their monthly income. The 44 percent of homeowners in the sample that had a stable amortization schedule – one which was consistent before and after the mortgage rate reset – realized an average of $747 in monthly savings upon reset; these savings were equivalent to over 5 percent of their monthly income. In the five years between origination and reset, the median home value for this group dropped by nearly $84,000 (25 percent), which pushed loan-to-value (LTV) ratios considerably higher. Finding Two: Homeowners increased their spending by 9 percent in advance of the anticipated drop in their mortgage payments and by 15 percent after reset, despite the considerable drop in housing wealth. Average credit card spending increased by 9 percent relative to baseline, or $289 per month, in the year preceding the ARM reset; in the year after reset, average spending increased by 15 percent relative to baseline, or $488 per month. Homeowners increased their spending despite the fact that their home values had depreciated by nearly $84,000 (25 percent) since origination. Finding Three: Homeowners used credit card borrowing to finance 21 percent of their pre-reset anticipatory spending increase, and post–reset they further increased their revolving balances. Over the full two year period, their total spending increases exceeded their mortgage-related savings by 4 percent. Average credit card revolving balance increased by $741 over the 12 month pre-reset period, suggesting that these homeowners used their credit card to finance 21 percent of their pre-reset spending increase and funded the remaining 79 percent out of savings. Finding Four: Homeowners used the savings from lower hybrid ARM payments to make more purchases across all spending categories, notably home improvements and healthcare. Spending on home improvements increased the most in both the pre-reset and post-reset periods, by 20 percent and 26 percent respectively; homeowners increased their investment in their homes despite the 25 percent decline in their home values. Spending on healthcare increased 16 percent relative to the baseline in the post-reset period, suggesting that homeowners may have postponed attending to their health until after they received a boost in income. About the JPMorgan Chase Institute The JPMorgan Chase Institute is a global think tank dedicated to delivering data-rich analyses and expert insights for the public good. Its aim is to help decision makers – policymakers, businesses, and nonprofit leaders – appreciate the scale, granularity, diversity, and interconnectedness of the global economic system and use better facts, timely data, and thoughtful analysis to make smarter decisions to advance global prosperity. Drawing on JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s unique proprietary data, expertise, and market access, the Institute develops analyses and insights on the inner workings of the global economy, frames critical problems, and convenes stakeholders and leading thinkers. For more information visit: jpmorganchaseinstitute.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Employee Training and Applicant Tracking Software (ATS) Market to Grow at a CAGR of 7.37% by 2021 – Key Vendors are EtQ, Halogen Software, MasterControl & WCAS-QuickBase – Research and Markets Next PostNext High Purity Alumina Market on Track to Reach US$ 3.6 Billion by the end of 2021 Search Recent Posts FlipHTML5 – Top Flipping Book Publishing Service for Presenting PDF Content This Earth Day, naked Hub partners with RESET to raise health and wellbeing standards for coworking spaces in Asia continuing naked’s commitment to sustainability and the environment Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Net Income of $5.6 Million Merus Announces Data from a Phase 1/2 Study of MCLA-128 to be Presented at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting Proofpoint Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BGC Partners Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BGC Partners Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest BankFinancial Co. (BFIN) Short Interest Update Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Holds Position in Target Co. (TGT) Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Position Lowered by Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA 33,748 Shares in Franklin Financial Network Inc (FSB) Acquired by Skylands Capital LLC Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Ford Motor Company (F) Position Increased by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC FedEx Co. (FDX) Shares Bought by Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA Holds Stake in NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Stake Cut by First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Dollarama Inc (DOL) Receives “Hold” Rating from TD Securities Canfor Co. (CFP) Downgraded to Underperform at Royal Bank of Canada Stryker Co. (SYK) Shares Sold by BLB&B Advisors LLC Lee Kirkpatrick Sells 10,000 Shares of Twilio Inc (TWLO) Stock Asanko Gold Inc (AKG) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Scotiabank Essential Energy Services Ltd (ESN) Downgraded to Sector Perform at AltaCorp Capital INSCAPE’s (INQ) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Core Laboratories (CLB) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Sse Plc’s (SSE) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Morgan Stanley Shanta Gold Limited (SHG) Given Buy Rating at FinnCap BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet BGC Partners, Inc. (NASDAQ:BGCP) saw a large increase in short interest in the month of March. As of March 31st, there was short interest totalling 2,337,364 shares, an increase of 12.1% from the March 15th total of 2,084,709 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 1,276,759 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 1.8 days. Shares of BGC Partners (NASDAQ:BGCP) opened at 11.03 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $3.12 billion, a PE ratio of 30.30 and a beta of 1.40. BGC Partners has a 12-month low of $8.18 and a 12-month high of $11.85. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $11.14 and its 200-day moving average is $10.35. BGC Partners (NASDAQ:BGCP) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.25 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.01. The business earned $673.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $658.80 million. BGC Partners had a net margin of 4.08% and a return on equity of 29.70%. BGC Partners’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.20 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that BGC Partners will post $0.98 EPS for the current fiscal year. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in BGCP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of BGC Partners by 11.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,939,224 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $25,717,000 after buying an additional 310,853 shares during the last quarter. Silver Capital Management LLC increased its stake in BGC Partners by 27.0% in the third quarter. Silver Capital Management LLC now owns 131,390 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,150,000 after buying an additional 27,900 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in BGC Partners by 9.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 5,724,139 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $58,558,000 after buying an additional 471,162 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in BGC Partners by 10.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,526,329 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $13,355,000 after buying an additional 146,707 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in BGC Partners during the fourth quarter worth about $15,775,000. 39.12% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of BGC Partners from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $13.00 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, April 3rd. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/bgc-partners-inc-bgcp-sees-significant-increase-in-short-interest.html. About BGC Partners BGC Partners, Inc (BGC) is a global brokerage company servicing the financial and real estate markets. The Company operates through two segments: Financial Services and Real Estate Services. It provides a range of services, including trade execution, broker-dealer services clearing, trade compression, post trade, information, and other back-office services to a range of financial and non-financial institutions. Receive News & Ratings for BGC Partners Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BGC Partners Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wpp Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wpp Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) PT Raised to $150.00 Wpp Plc (WPP) Price Target Lowered to GBX 1,969 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Atria Investments LLC Has $2.751 Million Stake in Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Sells 388 Shares of Welltower Inc (HCN) Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Has $135,000 Position in Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Atria Investments LLC Raises Stake in Sanofi SA (SNY) Integrated Wealth Management Takes Position in Medtronic plc. (MDT) Capella Education Company (CPLA) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.57 AutoNation (AN) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Cabot Microelectronics (CCMP) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.70 Galectin Therapeutics (GALT) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Fifth Street Asset Management (FSAM) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.69 Mannatech (MTEX) Receiving Very Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Keith Block Sells 10,000 Shares of salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Stock James Bozzini Sells 10,678 Shares of Workday Inc (WDAY) Stock Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Buys 18,313 Shares of America's Car-Mart, Inc. (CRMT) Stock Admiral Group plc (ADM) Receives “Underperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG ASOS plc (ASC) Given New GBX 6,400 Price Target at Liberum Capital SAP SE (SAP) Given a €110.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Short Interest in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Declines By 19.8% Wpp Plc (WPP) Price Target Lowered to GBX 1,969 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Wpp Plc (LON:WPP) had its price objective reduced by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,997 ($25.14) to GBX 1,969 ($24.78) in a report issued on Wednesday. They currently have an overweight rating on the stock. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on WPP. Liberum Capital restated a buy rating and set a GBX 2,100 ($26.43) price objective on shares of Wpp Plc in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Numis Securities Ltd restated an add rating and set a GBX 1,975 ($24.86) price objective on shares of Wpp Plc in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. BNP Paribas restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 2,230 ($28.07) price objective on shares of Wpp Plc in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Berenberg Bank raised their price objective on Wpp Plc from GBX 1,620 ($20.39) to GBX 1,760 ($22.15) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Shore Capital restated a buy rating on shares of Wpp Plc in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and sixteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wpp Plc currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 1,973.11 ($24.83). Wpp Plc (LON:WPP) opened at 1694.00 on Wednesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 21.54 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,729.28 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,775.63. Wpp Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,204.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,928.07. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Wpp Plc (WPP) Price Target Lowered to GBX 1,969 at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/wpp-plc-wpp-price-target-lowered-to-gbx-1969-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a GBX 37.05 ($0.47) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 8th. This is a positive change from Wpp Plc’s previous dividend of $19.55. This represents a dividend yield of 2.11%. In other Wpp Plc news, insider Sir Martin Sorrell sold 57,522 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,720 ($21.65), for a total value of £989,378.40 ($1,245,284.33). About Wpp Plc WPP plc (WPP) operates in four segments: Advertising and Media Investment Management; Consumer Insight; Public Relations & Public Affairs, and Branding & Identity, Healthcare and Specialist Communications. Advertising and Media Investment Management, where it operates advertising networks Ogilvy & Mather Advertising, JWT, Y&R, Grey, bates and the United Network. Receive News & Ratings for Wpp Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wpp Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cowen and Company Increases Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Price Target to $75.00 Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. United Financial Bancorp Inc (UBNK) Rating Increased to Outperform at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Initiates Coverage on RMR Real Estate Income Fund (RIF) Fenner plc (FENR) Announces Dividend of GBX 1.40 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Announces $0.08 Quarterly Dividend Raymond James Trust N.A. Invests $222,000 in Canadian National Railway (CNI) Raymond James Trust N.A. Takes Position in Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC Raises Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) CENTRAL TRUST Co Acquires 80,857 Shares of Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Brokers Set Expectations for Sealed Air Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SEE) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Cut by KeyCorp (SWN) $0.16 Earnings Per Share Expected for Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) This Quarter Cormark Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Trevali Mining Corp (TV) WPP plc – American Depositary Shares each representing five (WPPGY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Atico Mining Corp (ATY) Raised to Buy at M Partners Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Tosoh Corp (TOSCF) to Hold Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Brady Corp (BRC) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.31 Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) PT Lowered to $77.00 at Guggenheim Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (NYSE:SERV) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday, The Fly reports. The firm set an “overweight” rating on the business services provider’s stock. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on SERV. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 price objective on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies restated an “overweight” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $42.83. Shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) opened at 40.88 on Thursday. Servicemaster Global Holdings has a 12-month low of $32.41 and a 12-month high of $42.09. The company’s 50-day moving average is $40.35 and its 200-day moving average is $37.95. The stock has a market cap of $5.48 billion, a P/E ratio of 36.40 and a beta of 1.02. Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The business services provider reported $0.44 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.04. Servicemaster Global Holdings had a net margin of 5.23% and a return on equity of 44.95%. The company earned $633 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $635.13 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.33 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Servicemaster Global Holdings will post $2.19 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/servicemaster-global-holdings-inc-serv-now-covered-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other Servicemaster Global Holdings news, CFO Alan Haughie sold 127,571 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.87, for a total value of $5,086,255.77. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 169,571 shares in the company, valued at $6,760,795.77. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Mary Kay Wegner sold 1,358 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.88, for a total transaction of $54,157.04. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 7,465 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $297,704.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 172,860 shares of company stock valued at $6,900,476. Corporate insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $169,000. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings by 5.8% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 5,597 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $211,000 after buying an additional 309 shares during the last quarter. Engineers Gate Manager LP purchased a new position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings during the third quarter valued at approximately $269,000. Argent Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings by 9.3% in the third quarter. Argent Capital Management LLC now owns 9,240 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $311,000 after buying an additional 790 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BOKF NA boosted its position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings by 29.3% in the third quarter. BOKF NA now owns 11,710 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $395,000 after buying an additional 2,654 shares during the last quarter. About Servicemaster Global Holdings ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc is a provider of essential residential and commercial services. The Company operates through three segments: Terminix, American Home Shield and the Franchise Services Group. Its portfolio of brands includes Terminix, American Home Shield, ServiceMaster Restore, ServiceMaster Clean, Merry Maids, Furniture Medic and AmeriSpec. Receive News & Ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Corporate Social Responsibility Editors April 20, 2017 07:08 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire’s Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- UnitedHealthcare Donates Hasbro’s NERF ENERGY Game Kits to Boys & Girls Clubs of Providence and Pawtucket to Encourage Physical Activity Source: UnitedHealthcare BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- Citizens Bank will “Fund Your Dreams” with Giveaway Source: Citizens Financial Group, Inc. BOSTON -- Boston Properties Announces Early Achievement of Energy, Emissions and Water Intensity Reduction Goals in 2016 GRI-Aligned Sustainability Report Source: Boston Properties, Inc. LOME, Togo -- Togo Becomes First Country in Africa to Validate the Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis as a Public Health Problem Source: GSK, Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD), and the MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) PLANO, Texas -- This Earth Day #ServetheEarth to Win a Vacation from Service Experts Heating & Air Conditioning Source: Service Experts Heating & Air Conditioning PITTSBURGH -- PPG Highlights 2016 Community Engagement Efforts, Nearly $10 Million in Giving Source: PPG NEW YORK -- AXA Achievement℠ Announces Scholarship Winners Source: AXA NEW YORK -- JPMorgan Chase appoints Jill Biden to Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council Source: JPMorgan Chase & Co. MENOMONEE FALLS, Wis. -- Kohl’s Showcases Commitment to All Families with 2016 CSR Report Source: Kohl’s BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Walmart’s “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” Campaign Calls on the Public to Join the Fight Against Hunger and Make a Difference in their Local Communities Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. HARTFORD, Conn. -- Greater Hartford Arts Council Awards $10,000 in Grants to Support Arts Programs for Citizens With Disabilities Source: UnitedHealthcare BALTIMORE -- UnitedHealthcare Donates Hasbro's NERF ENERGY Game Kits to Boys & Girls Clubs of Metropolitan Baltimore to Encourage Physical Activity Source: UnitedHealthcare Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Release Summary Recap of CSR stories on Business Wire #Hashtags #CSR Social Media Profiles Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Financial Institutions Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Financial Institutions Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canadian National Railway (CNI) Position Raised by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 83,304 Shares of SM Energy Co (SM) Financial Institutions, Inc. (FISI) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Boenning Scattergood PTC Inc (PTC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Guggenheim Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) to “Hold” Humana Inc (HUM) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Blue Buffalo Pet Products Inc (BUFF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Citigroup Inc Crocs, Inc. (CROX) Position Reduced by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Continues to Hold Stake in TeleTech Holdings, Inc. (TTEC) First Republic Investment Management Inc. Sells 34,269 Shares of Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Eco-Stim Energy Solutions Inc (ESES) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) Stake Raised by Renaissance Technologies LLC Apple Inc. (AAPL) Position Increased by Integre Asset Management LLC Avangrid Inc (AGR) Stake Cut by Renaissance Technologies LLC VMware, Inc. (VMW) Research Coverage Started at BTIG Research Sanofi SA (SNY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. State Street Corp (STT) PT Lowered to $81.00 Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Earns “Underperform” Rating from Mizuho Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Financial Institutions, Inc. (FISI) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY reduced its stake in shares of Financial Institutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISI) by 4.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 9,668 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 453 shares during the period. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s holdings in Financial Institutions were worth $331,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL increased its position in shares of Financial Institutions by 0.8% in the third quarter. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL now owns 9,222 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $250,000 after buying an additional 72 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Financial Institutions by 28.1% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 4,886 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 1,072 shares during the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Financial Institutions by 0.4% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 33,530 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $909,000 after buying an additional 130 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Financial Institutions by 3.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 216,793 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $5,877,000 after buying an additional 6,371 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Financial Institutions by 13.2% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 120,202 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $3,259,000 after buying an additional 14,038 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 61.49% of the company’s stock. Financial Institutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISI) opened at 32.00 on Thursday. Financial Institutions, Inc. has a 12 month low of $24.56 and a 12 month high of $35.40. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $32.76 and a 200 day moving average price of $31.58. The company has a market cap of $461.54 million, a P/E ratio of 15.24 and a beta of 1.04. Financial Institutions (NASDAQ:FISI) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The bank reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.06. The business earned $35.81 million during the quarter. Financial Institutions had a return on equity of 10.52% and a net margin of 21.15%. On average, equities analysts expect that Financial Institutions, Inc. will post $2.14 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Tuesday, March 14th were given a dividend of $0.21 per share. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.63%. The ex-dividend date was Friday, March 10th. Financial Institutions’s dividend payout ratio is currently 40.00%. WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/financial-institutions-inc-fisi-shares-sold-by-metropolitan-life-insurance-co-ny.html. Separately, Hovde Group initiated coverage on Financial Institutions in a research report on Monday, March 20th. They issued an “outperform” rating for the company. In related news, Director John E. Benjamin sold 1,700 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $33.84, for a total transaction of $57,528.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 21,555 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $729,421.20. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 6.23% of the stock is owned by company insiders. About Financial Institutions Financial Institutions, Inc is a financial holding company. The Company conducts its business through its subsidiaries: Five Star Bank (the Bank), a New York chartered bank; Scott Danahy Naylon, LLC (SDN), a full service insurance agency, and Courier Capital, LLC (Courier Capital), an investment advisory and wealth management company. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FISI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Financial Institutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISI). Receive News & Ratings for Financial Institutions Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Financial Institutions Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 20 April 2017 | MYT 3:00 PM JPMorgan said to plan tripling size of New York technology hub JPMorgan has a US$9.6bil (RM42.24bil) annual technology budget and has recently set up hubs across the US for teams specialising in big data, robotics and cloud infrastructure to find new sources of revenue and reduce expenses and risks. — Reuters JPMorgan Chase & Co, the biggest US lender, is planning to more than triple the size of its technology hub in New York City to increase space for the bank’s coders and data engineers, a person with knowledge of the matter said.  The firm is in discussions with Brookfield Property Partners LP to lease an additional 300,000 square feet on the upper levels of 5 Manhattan West near Hudson Yards, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the plans aren’t public. The bank currently occupies about 125,000 square feet in the building. The talks are ongoing and could still fall apart, the person said.  Banks are competing fiercely for technologists as the industry enters a new era of automation, fuelled by cheap computing power and fears of losing customers to startups. JPMorgan has a US$9.6bil (RM42.24bil) annual technology budget and has recently set up hubs across the US for teams specialising in big data, robotics and cloud infrastructure to find new sources of revenue and reduce expenses and risks.  The firm’s West Side hub, which opened in late 2015, caters to millennials by mimicking startup culture, with foosball tables, a game room, industrial décor and fridges stocked with sodas and snacks. Last year, about 700 workers who were previously scattered across Manhattan and Jersey City worked at the office. The workspace is divided into five neighbourhoods, named after areas of New York, housing designers working on the user interface, coders developing new features and data analytics experts who study customer use.  Manhattan West is a 7 million square foot mixed-use project just west of Penn Station and the Farley Post Office Building. Brookfield announced in 2014 a US$200mil (RM880.20mil) redevelopment of the 1.7 million square-foot building that became known as 5 Manhattan West, including replacing its relatively narrow windows with floor-to-ceiling glass on every floor.  Andrew Brent, a Brookfield spokesman, declined to comment. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Olympic Council welcomes eSports at Asian Games, ‘FIFA 2017’ named China's Bitauto unit raises US$1bil from Internet giants Tencent, Baidu Facebook out to read minds Lufthansa, Air France departures briefly hit by computer outage How to own your first home with zero down payment Pedalling to save the planet Others Also Read Inaugural football course a big hit India opener Rahul set to miss Champions Trophy Discovering Asia’s Las Vegas advertisement Latest News Messaging app said to be used in White House does not work: lawsuit Spotify ensures independent artistes are on board with fresh deal Robots, chefs hope to bring invasive lion fish to restaurants near you Uber extends sexual harassment probe; expects report by end-May German chancellery investigated in probe into WikiLeaks sources Most Viewed in Tech Uber extends sexual harassment probe; expects report by end-May Robots, chefs hope to bring invasive lion fish to restaurants near you Uber could face higher licence fees in London under new proposals German chancellery investigated in probe into WikiLeaks sources Lufthansa, Air France departures briefly hit by computer outage Xiaomi’s preparing to make a comeback with latest marquee phone Alibaba backs decision to add videogames to ‘Asia Olympics’ Tinder survey unveils naked truths about Millennial dating The biggest time suck at the office might be your computer Experts say automated accounts sharing fake news ahead of French election Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News VMware, Inc. (VMW) Research Coverage Started at BTIG Research Sanofi SA (SNY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. State Street Corp (STT) PT Lowered to $81.00 Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Earns “Underperform” Rating from Mizuho Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG Vipshop Holdings Ltd – (VIPS) Coverage Initiated at Benchmark Co. General Dynamics’ (GD) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research First Horizon National Corp’s (FHN) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stephens Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) Price Target Raised to $28.50 Entergy Co. (ETR) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research EnLink Midstream LLC (ENLC) Research Coverage Started at Guggenheim Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) PT Lowered to $250.00 FS Investment Co. (FSIC) Raised to “B” at TheStreet Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Stake in Century Communities, Inc (CCS) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $12.625 Million Stake in MutualFirst Financial, Inc. (MFSF) Fmr LLC Has $1,365,000 Stake in Universal Stainless & Alloy Products (USAP) Fmr LLC Has $1,385,000 Position in Zosano Pharma Corp (ZSAN) Horizon Bancorp (HBNC) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Sanofi SA (SNY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. Several other research firms have also weighed in on SNY. HSBC Holdings plc lowered shares of Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Argus began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. They set a “buy” rating and a $50.00 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Barclays PLC began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. They set an “underweight” rating for the company. Finally, Liberum Capital began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Sanofi SA has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $62.75. Shares of Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) opened at 44.31 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $44.55 and a 200 day moving average of $41.27. The stock has a market cap of $111.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.92 and a beta of 0.98. Sanofi SA has a one year low of $36.81 and a one year high of $45.95. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.67 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.01. Sanofi SA had a net margin of 13.66% and a return on equity of 26.37%. The company earned $8.88 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.87 billion. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Sanofi SA will post $3.08 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be issued a $1.5771 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 3.65%. This is a boost from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. Sanofi SA’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 54.90%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/sanofi-sa-sny-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. purchased a new position in shares of Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $109,000. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 1.9% in the third quarter. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 4,035 shares of the company’s stock valued at $154,000 after buying an additional 74 shares during the last quarter. FNY Partners Fund LP purchased a new position in shares of Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $162,000. Jacobi Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 31.9% in the third quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC now owns 4,271 shares of the company’s stock valued at $164,000 after buying an additional 1,034 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BLB&B Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Sanofi SA during the first quarter valued at approximately $202,000. Institutional investors own 9.63% of the company’s stock. About Sanofi SA Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Expert View LATEST NEWS Sensex rises: Sun Pharma, Yes bank, DLF among most active stocks in terms of traded value Bond market bubble heading for a burst in 6-12 months: Saurabh Mukherjea, Ambit Capital Sensex up; DLF, Vedanta among most active stocks in terms of volume Sovereign gold bonds subscription to open next week; 10 things you must know Sovereign gold bonds subscription to open next week; 10 things you must know Moving into premium tea category: Ajoy Misra, Tata Global IMD forecasts 38% chance of 'near-normal' monsoon: How it impacts your stock returns Debt is Asia's weak tail; Watch it grow No over the top offers from Fino Paytech in client race Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Expert View 12:29 PM | 21 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,45129.00 NIFTY 50 9,1447.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,235-60.00 USD/INR 64.570.01 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Bullish on three themes to invest in next 1 year: Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan By ET Now | Updated: Apr 20, 2017, 06.50 PM IST Post a Comment On a one-year view, we still like the financials. We think there is a lot of liquidity sloshing around in the system. Company Summary NSE BSE Sun TV Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Financial sector three ways, infra and urban consumption are the themes to invest in, says Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan. In an interview with ET Now, Iyer says the midcaps on account of being traded at a premium over largecaps are vulnerable to corrections. Edited excerpts: What is going on with the broader markets? Some of the midcaps like D-Mart or Sun TV or India Cements are refusing to fade away. Do you sense that there is a bigger bubble waiting in the near term when it comes to broader markets? Broadly I would agree with you that since the midcaps are trading at a meaningful premium to the largecaps, in the event of a correction the midcaps are perhaps more vulnerable to the largecaps. But that said, it is very difficult to paint them all with the same brush because midcaps tends to be very unique stories and in some cases the valuations were very beaten down or very compelling. You have to take a very specific approach to these. But yes, in the event of a correction, they are more vulnerable. Sectorally, what are your biggest overweight, underweight positions right now sectorally? If I take a one-year view, we like three themes in particular. On a one-year view, we still like the financials. We think there is a lot of liquidity sloshing around in the system. What within financials? I would say the private sector retail banks. Again within private sector, we have to start segregating. The retail banks still have a great compounding story which will continue to unfold. On the corporate lenders or the larger lenders, a couple of banks look interesting because they seem to be ahead of the curve in terms of sorting out their credit cycle issues and the markets are going to appreciate them for being more honest in terms of their disclosures. So I would not rule that pack out completely. The other area within financials which looks very interesting is the mortgage companies, the housing finance companies. Because what has happened with demonetisation is on the one hand real estate prices have corrected, on the other hand rates have fallen. So affordability levels are at six-seven-year highs. If you take off pockets in Mumbai and NCR, markets look like they are reviving. This is what we buy in financials. The second theme that we like is select infrastructure plays because I think the government is doing a very good job of investing in a few areas which are priority for them – areas like highways, power transmission, rural housing and sanitation, irrigation. The segments catering to these like cement, construction equipment, tractors, the power transmission companies, all of them look very good to us and they are two-three years plays. Utilisation levels are still 70-75%. So there is a lot of leverage on the way up. These are core holdings for us at least over the next two years or so. The third theme that looks interesting is urban consumption because you had the government push through the pay commission recommendations. The state governments and the state owned companies will follow suit. You had a meaningful 200 bps cut in lending rates over the last two years, 100 bps happened in January itself courtesy demonetisation. Urban consumption looks good. These are the three themes which we really want to play over the next two years. You talked about your rationale behind liking HFCs. Is that the reason why you are seeing this excitement within the real estate pack and do you think the best of it is already in the price? As far as real estate is concerned, the reason the stock prices have gone up have got only partially to do with the fact that you may see a pickup in sales. I guess it has also got to do with very specific restructuring initiatives that some companies have announced in terms of spinning of the commercial portfolio and ensuring that values attributable to that. So I guess those are more unique stories. I do not think there is an across the board positive sentiment for all the companies, though a rising tide does tend to lift all boats over the near term… And especially such beaten down ones… Exactly that is right but when I talk to my clients I do not see any overwhelming desire to come and invest in these areas but yes I guess it is more due to the unique initiatives by specific managements. Where would you profit take right now? Profit take, as I said the metals and mining space is definitely one space that we are taking profits on and select financials particularly over the immediate term we would be taking some money off the table. Comments(0)Add Comments Bullish on three themes to invest in next 1 year: Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Sebi settles proceedings against JP Morgan Mutual Fund JP Morgan tops Asia Pacific investment bank revenue We are neutral on India with a cyclical bias: Adrian Mowat, JP Morgan JP Morgan-backed Leap Green set to buy Inox Windfarms JP Morgan-backed Leap Green set to buy Inox Windfarms READ MORE ONSun TVstocksreal estateportfoliomarketsliquidityJP Morgan Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear. Reviewed! The Style Guide | Mack Weldon Earn Degree In One Year, 100% Online. Search Here Earn Degree Online - Sponsored Ads Ready for Sunshine, a Cold Drink and a Bucket of Shrimp? Visit Virginia BeachMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times The Most Epic Animal Photobombs Ever Captured OMG LANE 32 Insane NFL Player Mansions HistoryGarage One Woman Lives Bold And Overcomes Psoriasis HealthCentral.com Microsoft Office 365 Education - Free For Teachers & Stude.. Microsoft Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Why FD? Look at this! For 20 years, this asset delivered 20% return a year Contra play, anyone? IT is already buzzing; where else you can bet Yogi crackdown on illegal abattoirs has sent this stock soaring on Dalal Street S Chand IPO: Five things you need to know before taking a call on it Up to 900% in 3 years! What's driving these 5 MF-favoured midcap stocks? More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBahubali 2|BSE Sensex KXIP vs MI|Gold rate today Sensex|IPL 2017 GST Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Expert View LATEST NEWS Debt is Asia's weak tail; Watch it grow No over the top offers from Fino Paytech in client race Aspire Home Fin in talks with PEs to raise Rs 500 crore Digital licence for Arasu in TN fires up digitisation hopes, Sun TV stock Gold rate today: Track Gold price in India and market outlook Glut leads to red chilli prices crashing 60%, exports to surge Mindtree surges 4% post Q4 results, but analysts see potential downside Max Financial Services plunges over 5% on 2 block deals Only buyers in Dollar Industries as it debuts on NSE Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Expert View 12:13 PM | 21 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,45532.59 NIFTY 50 9,1469.90 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,236-59.00 USD/INR 64.570.01 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Next 3-4 months, prepare for a time-wise correction and some choppiness: Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan By ET Now | Updated: Apr 20, 2017, 01.56 PM IST Post a Comment RELATED VIDEO Next 3-4 months, prepare for a time-wise correction and some choppiness: Bharat Iyer In a chat with ET Now, Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan, says while in the medium term JP Morgan remains constructive for Indian market, it is time for a breather now. Edited excerpts: The Street still seems a little divided on whether or not metal stocks can be pushed at least 8% to 10% higher from here.What is your take? Just last week we downgraded the metal sector from an over to neutral. Basically the sector has had a great run over the last 18 to 24 months and we see near term headwinds building up for a couple of reasons. One is the global reflation trade that was expected has been put forward both in terms of timing and the pace of recovery. That is one headwind that is building up and it is reflected in commodity prices correcting. The second issue was while commodity prices and commodity stocks were correcting through February and March, the Indian stocks held out and that was because of India specific reasons. So there was a catch-up trade where the Indian stocks had to catch up with their global counterparts. We thought we had a very good trade there and we decided to take some money. The view is that over the medium term, Indian stocks will make money for you because there is significant restructuring potential. A lot of them have a very solid volume growth story coming forward because a lot of them had issues in terms of utilisation levels for regulatory reasons. There is a very compelling restructuring and volume argument coming but we will wait for both these period of seasonal weakness. . Is that the case with the rest of the market as well? Outperformance, seasonal weakness and maybe need to get a little cautious? Yes. That was one of the themes of our monthly strategy last week. We believe the markets have had a great run beginning December all the way through March and while medium term we remain constructive, we think it is time for a breather. And why is that? Globally as well things are not supportive. Is it just a valuation thing and can we not be better than 9200? It is a combination of reasons. When we turned positive in December, it was really on the back of three factors. One, we thought that the demonetisation scare was overdone. Two, we thought that January to March will be a very supportive period for the market in terms of policy and third, we are buyers of the argument that there will be a meaningful earnings recovery in FY18.. We then set a target of 9300 for the Nifty base case and a bull case target of 9600. The issue for us is that the first two triggers have played out and the Nifty is at 9200. The third trigger we are talking about is the earnings recovery. The recovery is going to be there but it is going to be patchy and back ended, perhaps into the second half of fiscal 18. All we are saying is that we had a great trade, the market is going to pause for a breather and then pick up perhaps some time into the second half. Are we stepping into time-wise correction or price-wise correction? I would say more time-wise correction. I do not see a meaningful price correction, i.e., something which is beyond say plus or minus 5% for local reasons alone because there is a great deal of macro and political stability. So I do not see the market selling off for local reasons alone. But we are a consensus overweight market. For local reasons alone, it is more a time-wise correction rather than a price correction. With geopolitical issues emerging, do things seem to be getting a little bit wobbly? I would agree with that. Globally, in medium term, we as a house remain constructive on equities and in our global multi-asset portfolios we are running an overweight position on equities with a particular focus on emerging markets. Having said that, you could have three or four choppy months. You have a packed political calendar – the French election, the German election, now the British election, how policy pans out in the US given the high level of expectations and which may not necessarily be met over the near term. Politically the next three-four months could be choppy for markets. So it will only be choppy, there is no steep correction that we could see globally…? Not that I can see. I am not an expert on the global markets so I defer to my global colleagues on that but I think there is a case to be made for a time-wise correction and some choppiness. Comments(0)Add Comments Next 3-4 months, prepare for a time-wise correction and some choppiness: Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Sebi settles proceedings against JP Morgan Mutual Fund JP Morgan tops Asia Pacific investment bank revenue We are neutral on India with a cyclical bias: Adrian Mowat, JP Morgan JP Morgan-backed Leap Green set to buy Inox Windfarms JP Morgan-backed Leap Green set to buy Inox Windfarms READ MORE ONUSstocksniftymarketsJP MorganIndiaglobal markets Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Watch: A Doctor Explains The Different Types Of Asthma Med.. HealthiNation Saving Energy, Energy Alerts and 3 Other Ways Alarm.com Pr.. Alarm.com Why You Should Attend the Patriotic Festival in Virginia B.. Visit Virginia BeachMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Play the game that is taking 2017 by storm Vikings: Free Online Game The Tallest Women in Hollywood Livingly One Woman Lives Bold And Overcomes Psoriasis HealthCentral.com Windows 10 Laptops Start At $189. Microsoft Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Why FD? Look at this! For 20 years, this asset delivered 20% return a year Yogi crackdown on illegal abattoirs has sent this stock soaring on Dalal Street S Chand IPO: Five things you need to know before taking a call on it Up to 900% in 3 years! What's driving these 5 MF-favoured midcap stocks? Fourteen stocks in focus on Friday, 21 April 2017 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBahubali 2|BSE Sensex KXIP vs MI|Gold rate today Sensex|IPL 2017 GST Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roche Holding Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Potash Co. of Saskatchewan Inc (POT) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Quebecor, Inc. (QBR.B) Earns Action List Buy Rating from TD Securities Analysts Anticipate CU Bancorp (CUNB) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $28.83 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc (NGVC) Will Post Earnings of $0.17 Per Share TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald $34.16 Billion in Sales Expected for Chevron Co. (CVX) This Quarter Brokerages Expect Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) to Announce -$0.09 EPS $1.31 Earnings Per Share Expected for Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) This Quarter $206.73 Million in Sales Expected for SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) This Quarter Vertex Energy Inc (VTNR) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.07 Per Share Vertex Energy Inc (VTNR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $29.3 Million Analysts Anticipate Synacor Inc (SYNC) to Post -$0.12 EPS Vetr Inc. Lowers Morgan Stanley (MS) to Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Upgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Brokerages Expect Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) to Post $0.05 Earnings Per Share Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.01 Per Share Brokerages Expect Independent Bank Group Inc (IBTX) Will Post Earnings of $0.81 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Ryder System, Inc. (R) Will Announce Earnings of $0.84 Per Share Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Roche Holding Ltd. (VTX:ROG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Tuesday. Separately, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Roche Holding in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Roche Holding (VTX:ROG) opened at 254.50 on Tuesday. Roche Holding has a 52 week low of CHK 218.30 and a 52 week high of CHK 265.20. The firm has a market cap of CHK 216.82 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.98. The company has a 50-day moving average of CHK 255.98 and a 200-day moving average of CHK 239.28. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/roche-holding-ltd-rog-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-2.html. Roche Holding Company Profile Roche Holding AG (Roche) is a research-based healthcare company. The Company’s operating businesses are organized into two divisions: Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics. The Pharmaceuticals Division consists of two business segments: Roche Pharmaceuticals and Chugai. The Diagnostics Division consists of four business areas: Diabetes Care, Molecular Diagnostics, Professional Diagnostics and Tissue Diagnostics. Receive News & Ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Andy Jacobsohn/Staff Photographer D-FW leads country in suburban office leasing Filed under Real Estate at Yesterday Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now With companies like State Farm Insurance, Toyota and JPMorgan Chase bringing thousands of new jobs, it shouldn't be a surprise that Dallas' suburban office markets are seeing huge growth. The D-FW area had the largest volume of suburban office leasing in the country at the start of 2017, according to a new report by commercial property firm CBRE. The D-FW area accounted for 13 percent of net office leasing nationwide. New York, Texas top the nation in commercial property development Los Angeles and Phoenix were second with about 8 percent of leasing. "What the primary Dallas suburban submarkets have experienced over the last three to five years is unprecedented in the history of the D-FW office market," CBRE's Baron Aldrine said in the new report. "The increasing demand, activity, absorption rates, huge corporate relocations and rental rates in the D-FW suburban office market have not come close to these levels in years." With almost 10 million square feet of office space being built in the Dallas area, the great majority of the construction is in the northern suburbs. D-FW has more than 10 percent of nationwide suburban office development — second only to San Jose. Seattle, Tampa, D-FW lead in March home price gains "The drivers in the D-FW suburban office market are not any different than they were 20 years ago," Aldrine said. "One of the biggest differences we are seeing now is the key corporate relocations or large regional offices moving to the suburbs which is creating a lot of momentum in the market. "Another key differentiator in this cycle is the top notch, live-work-play office developments like Cypress Waters and Legacy West that are attracting these companies to the area." Out of the almost 60 U.S. metro markets CBRE tracks, 50 of them had positive net office leasing in 2016. Nationwide, suburban office vacancy at the end of last year was 14.1 percent — down from 18.6 percent in 2010. Subscribe to our new weekly real estate newsletter. View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Economy Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia Source : Last Updated: Thu, Apr 20, 2017 04:43 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focussed more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank , are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. [nL5N18M1X1] BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28420.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.7%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28420.00 (0%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Smith & Nephew plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tesla Inc (TSLA) Shares Sold by Beech Hill Advisors Inc. Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI) Shares Bought by Bollard Group LLC Bollard Group LLC Continues to Hold Position in Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) Bollard Group LLC Has $4.551 Million Stake in Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) Bollard Group LLC Has $3,830,000 Position in AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Bollard Group LLC Purchases 41,433 Shares of Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) BCE Inc. (BCE) Shares Bought by Bollard Group LLC Bollard Group LLC Has $11.998 Million Position in Southern Copper Corp (SCCO) Bollard Group LLC Boosts Stake in Gartner Inc (IT) Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Insider Selling: FibroGen Inc (FGEN) Director Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Atara Biotherapeutics Inc (ATRA) EVP Sells $103,680.00 in Stock GrubHub Inc (GRUB) CFO Adam Dewitt Sells 2,000 Shares Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Insider Sells $84,300.00 in Stock Alan M. Silberstein Sells 600 Shares of Global Payments Inc (GPN) Stock Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Insider Cdm Hostess Class C, Llc Sells 600,000 Shares Paycom Software Inc (PAYC) Insider Sells $2,320,400.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Independence Contract Drilling Inc (ICD) Price Target at $7.33 Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Cidara Therapeutics (CDTX) Hostess Brands Inc (GRSHU) Stake Owned by Apollo Management Holdings Gp, LLC Bollard Group LLC Continues to Hold Position in Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bollard Group LLC held its stake in Smith & Nephew plc (NYSE:SNN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 60,025 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Bollard Group LLC’s holdings in Smith & Nephew plc were worth $1,857,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in SNN. Highbridge Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Smith & Nephew plc by 213.2% in the third quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 882,912 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $28,942,000 after buying an additional 600,988 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP increased its stake in Smith & Nephew plc by 388.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 557,696 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $16,775,000 after buying an additional 443,407 shares in the last quarter. Blue Jay Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in Smith & Nephew plc during the third quarter valued at $10,654,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Smith & Nephew plc by 98.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 268,937 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $8,815,000 after buying an additional 133,578 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. bought a new stake in Smith & Nephew plc during the fourth quarter valued at $1,660,000. 6.14% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Smith & Nephew plc (NYSE:SNN) traded down 0.59% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $31.79. 356,053 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $13.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.10 and a beta of 0.80. The company’s 50-day moving average is $31.11 and its 200 day moving average is $30.15. Smith & Nephew plc has a 52-week low of $26.97 and a 52-week high of $35.38. The firm also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 10th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be issued a $0.37 dividend. This represents a yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/bollard-group-llc-continues-to-hold-position-in-smith-nephew-plc-snn.html. Several analysts have weighed in on SNN shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Smith & Nephew plc from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of Smith & Nephew plc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. HSBC Holdings plc initiated coverage on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Finally, Berenberg Bank restated a “hold” rating on shares of Smith & Nephew plc in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $37.00. Smith & Nephew plc Company Profile Smith & Nephew plc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling medical devices and services. Its products and services include Sports Medicine Joint Repair, Arthroscopic Enabling Technologies (AET), Trauma & Extremities, Other Surgical Businesses, Knee Implants, Hip Implants, Advanced Wound Care, Advanced Wound Bioactives and Advanced Wound Devices. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Smith & Nephew plc (NYSE:SNN). Receive News & Ratings for Smith & Nephew plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Smith & Nephew plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Banks Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital European banks need more than simple business restructuring, IMF warns Silvia Amaro | @Silvia_Amaro Wednesday, 19 Apr 2017 | 9:53 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Ben Stansall | AFP | Getty Images The financial offices of banks, including JPMorgan Chase, Citi, HSBC, and other institutions in the financial district of Canary Wharf, are pictured from Greenwich Park in London on January 17, 2017. The International Monetary Fund warned Wednesday that European banks cannot solely rely on a cyclical recovery to shrug off their problems. A combination of weak profits, lack of access to private capital and large debt burdens could spark further concerns over the stability of the financial industry, the Fund said in its latest Global Financial Stability report. "A cyclical recovery will likely be insufficient on its own to restore the profitability of persistently weak banks," the Fund said. Domestic banks are under particular stress given that nearly 75 percent of them had weak returns in 2016. According to the IMF, one of the main problems in Europe is overbanking - which means that there are too many banks for the number of customer available. "These features can result in limited lending opportunities or a high number of branches relative to the assets in the banking system, adding to costs and reducing operational efficiencies. Although measures are being taken to address profitability concerns, more progress needs to be made in reducing overbanking in the countries with the biggest challenges," the Fund said. The Washington-based institution noted that in Denmark, the Netherlands and Spain, institutions reduced their branches significantly. Such steps could represent savings of about $23 billion overall, the Fund estimated. Another key problem among European banks is the high level of non-performing loans. In his field, the IMF said that Portugal and Italy have done very little to address this issue. "The lack of progress on resolving nonperforming loans also reflects weak earnings and insufficient generation of capital and provisioning buffers," the IMF noted. As the U.K. prepares to leave the European Union, there could be risks to European banks although by spreading financial institutions over a wider geographic area could help with stability. "The challenges stemming from Brexit could undermine financial stability in ways that are difficult to estimate or predict at this juncture. However, it is also important to note that financial stability benefits could arise from a less concentrated banking system throughout Europe," the Fund noted. With U.K-based banks planning to move some operations to European soil, the IMF pointed out that this will raise uncertainty over their internal risk models. "Because uncertainty and operating costs will likely increase during the transition period, many banks may opt to exit or scale back the primary dealer business, leading to costlier and less efficient markets until new players enter," the IMF said. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Silvia AmaroDigital Reporter, CNBC.com
English En Français My Account AllAfrica By AllAfrica News Sources Media Kit Countries All Countries AlgeriaAngolaBeninBotswanaBurkina FasoBurundiCameroonCape VerdeCentral African RepublicChadComorosCongo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaCote d'Ivoire DjiboutiEgyptEquatorial GuineaEritreaEthiopiaGabonGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea BissauKenyaLesothoLiberiaLibya MadagascarMalawiMaliMauritaniaMauritiusMoroccoMozambiqueNamibiaNigerNigeriaRwandaSenegalSeychellesSierra Leone SomaliaSouth AfricaSouth SudanSudanSwazilandSão Tomé and PríncipeTanzaniaTogoTunisiaUgandaWestern SaharaZambiaZimbabwe Africa-Wide Central Africa Central Africa HomeAngolaBurundiCameroonCentral African RepublicChad Congo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaEquatorial GuineaGabonRwandaSão Tomé and Príncipe East Africa East Africa HomeBurundiComorosDjiboutiEritreaEthiopiaKenyaMadagascar MauritiusRwandaSeychellesSomaliaSouth SudanSudanTanzaniaUganda North Africa North Africa HomeAlgeriaEgyptLibyaMoroccoTunisiaWestern Sahara Southern Africa Southern Africa HomeAngolaBotswanaLesothoMalawiMozambique NamibiaSouth AfricaSwazilandZambiaZimbabwe West Africa West Africa HomeBeninBurkina FasoCameroonCape VerdeCote d'IvoireGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea Bissau LiberiaMaliMauritaniaNigerNigeriaSenegalSierra LeoneSão Tomé and PríncipeTogo Topics All Topics AIDSAfrica on the MoveAgribusinessAid and AssistanceArms and ArmiesAsia, Australia, and AfricaAthleticsBankingBook ReviewsBooksBusinessCapital FlowsChildrenClimateCommoditiesCompanyConflictConstructionCorruptionCurrenciesDebtEbolaEcotourismEducationEnergyEntertainment EnvironmentEurope and AfricaExternal RelationsFood and AgricultureGame ParksGovernanceHealthHuman RightsICTInfrastructureInnovationInternational OrganisationsInvestmentLabourLand and Rural IssuesLatin America and AfricaLegal AffairsMalariaManufacturingMediaMiddle East and AfricaMigrationMiningMusicMusic ReviewsNGO NutritionOceansOlympicsPeacekeepingPetroleumPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthPrivatizationRefugeesReligionScienceSoccerSportStock MarketsSustainable DevelopmentTerrorismTradeTransportTravelTuberculosisU.S., Canada and AfricaUrban IssuesWaterWildlifeWomenWorld Cup Entertainment Entertainment HomeBook ReviewsBooksMusicMusic Reviews Business Business HomeAgribusinessBankingCapital FlowsCommoditiesCompanyConstruction CurrenciesDebtEnergyICTInfrastructureInvestmentLabour ManufacturingMiningPetroleumPrivatizationStock MarketsTradeTransport Conflict Conflict HomeArms and ArmiesPeacekeepingRefugeesTerrorism Environment Environment HomeClimateOceansWaterWildlife Health Health HomeAIDSEbolaMalariaNutritionPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthTuberculosis Sport Sport HomeAthleticsOlympicsSoccerWorld Cup Travel Travel HomeEcotourismGame Parks Development Aid and Assistance Education Environment Food and Agriculture Health Women BizTech Business Home Agribusiness Banking Capital Flows Commodities Company Construction Currencies Debt Energy ICT Infrastructure Investment Labour Manufacturing Mining Petroleum Privatization Stock Markets Trade Transport Entertainment Entertainment Home Book Reviews Books Music Music Reviews Sport Sport Home Athletics Olympics Soccer World Cup Africa/World Asia, Australia, and Africa Europe and Africa International Organisations Latin America and Africa Middle East and Africa U.S., Canada and Africa Governance Corruption Governance Human Rights Land and Rural Issues Legal Affairs Media NGO Multimedia Video Audio Document Web Site InFocus Pages PhotoEssays Innovation Sustainability   20 April 2017 Premium Times (Abuja) Nigeria: Malabu Scandal - Group Wants Nigerian Govt Involved in Italian Trial Tagged: Business Nigeria Petroleum West Africa tweet share Google+ comment email more Related Topics Business Africa: Two Oil Giants Could Face Trial in Italy Over Nigerian Deal Nigeria: What Hope for Kaduna Airport After Abuja's Upgrade? Ghana: Govt to Bring Ghana to the Point Beyond Aid - Finance Minister Tanzania: Minister Offers to Meet Investor Who is About to Lose His Hotel Nigeria Nigeria: Boko Haram Strikes Again, Kills Soldiers Nigeria: Meningitis Outbreak - State Needs Divine Intervention, Official Says Nigeria: Why Police Raided Senator Goje's Home Nigeria: I Won't Let Nigeria Down, Buhari Vows Petroleum Malawi: MPs Concerned With 'Shortcuts' On Lake Malawi Oil Exploration Nigeria: World Oil Demand to Rise - OPEC Tanzania: Tanzania Tycoons Buy Stake in Kenyan Oil Marketing Firm Uganda: National Dialogue to Impact On Governance of the Extractives Sector West Africa Africa: Analysts, Activists Explore Dividends from Empowering Women Niger: Victory for Students After Protests Liberia: Vice President Boakai Pitches Economy to U.S. Investors Nigeria: Violence in Benue As Youth Protest Alleged Killing By Herdsmen Photo: Premium Times Shell oil. The Human and Environmental Development Agenda, HEDA Resource Centre, has petitioned Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, requesting the representation of Nigeria as an aggrieved party in the hearing of the Milan Court's prosecution of Shell and ENI with respect to the scandalous Malabu deal. In a petition addressed to Mr. Osinbajo, who also doubles as the Chairman Asset Recovery Committee, HEDA in the petition signed by its chairman, Olanrewaju Suraju, urged the federal government to request that the Italian court judge should recognize Nigeria as a civil party to the criminal proceeding in order to request adequate compensation for the damages received by the corruption scheme. "The media was awash about six years ago with information on how one of Nigeria's richest oil field, OPL 245 was sold in shady circumstances and more than half of the $1.1 Billion paid to Malabu Oil and Gas for the procurement was used to bribe Nigerian politicians and intermediaries who helped to secure the controversial deal for both Shell and ENI. "Media reports on the issue indicted former President Goodluck Jonathan, some public officials in his administration, some Italian nationals, including the Nigerian Agip Exploration, Shell and Eni. "Despite overwhelming evidences showing that Shell and Eni are aware that a specified chunk of the money would be paid to a character with a shady background, officials of the companies have denied any wrong doing in the affair, even when it was revealed that on the 29th of April, 2011 Eni transferred $1.092 Billion dollars into an escrow account of the Nigerian government at the bank, JP Morgan Chase in London which is not the usual account of the state but a parallel one. "Shell has now admitted that it knew that former oil minister Dan Etete, a convicted money-launderer, was involved in Malabu and that the proceeds of the 2011 deal went to Malabu. It is a matter of record that Etete awarded OPL 245 to Malabu when he was himself the oil minister." Stating further issues, HEDA said the reports of the Public Prosecution Office at the Ordinary Court of Milan, in its notification of completion of preliminary investigations, highlighted the role of Eni's former Chief Executive Officer, Paola Scaroni and his successor Claudio Descalzi and indicted them for alleged international corruption over the scandal. The NGO said its petition in respect of the stated prosecution is buoyed by facts at its disposal. "Evidence abound via leaked emails that senior executives of the companies were aware that payments made in 2011 for oil block OPL 245, one of Africa's most valuable oil blocks would go to convicted money launderer and ex-Nigerian oil minister, Dan Etete, and certain government officials rather than to the suffering people of Nigeria but still selfishly and corruptly went through with the deal that deprived the Nigerian people of billions of dollars. "This goes to prove that the companies who are purportedly most powerful and profitable oil companies have only masqueraded as leaders of responsible businesses, while robbing countries of their natural resources. As noted, Shell has officially admitted that it had knowledge of Dan Etete's potential benefit from the deal. "Currently two countries have opened investigations into the deal and there is a strong chance that Shell and ENI would lose the oil block following the trial on international corruption charges. "Shell and Eni's corrupt deal had huge consequences for ordinary Nigerians as right now, according to Global Witness, about five million people across Nigeria face starvation and one in ten children do not live to see their fifth birthday, while the money paid for the block equates to one and a half times what the United Nations says is needed to respond to the country's current famine crisis. Also, the payment for the deal is worth more than Nigeria's entire health budget for 2016." Nigeria What Hope for Kaduna Airport After Abuja's Upgrade? On Wednesday, the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport resumed operation, six weeks after it was shut down for the… Read more »   Copyright © 2017 Premium Times. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 700 reports a day from more than 140 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us. More From: Premium Times Nigeria: Malabu Scandal - Group Wants Nigerian Govt Involved in Italian Trial Nigeria: Boko Haram Strikes Again, Kills Soldiers Nigeria: Meningitis Outbreak - State Needs Divine Intervention, Official Says Nigeria: Why Police Raided Senator Goje's Home Nigeria: Violence in Benue As Youth Protest Alleged Killing By Herdsmen Nigeria: World Oil Demand to Rise - OPEC Nigeria: Governor Orders Arrest of Contractor for Poor Construction of N200 Million Road Nigeria: Supreme Court Judge Charged for False Asset Declaration Nigeria: Sex Scandal - Stephanie Otobo Slams Apostle Suleman With $5 Million Lawsuit in Canada Nigeria: Factionalisation of Boko Haram Boosted Counter-Insurgency Operations - Nigerian General Nigeria: Again, APC Postpones National Caucus, NEC Meetings Nigeria: Lagos Airport Records Second Accident in 48 Hours Nigeria: Violence in Benue As Local Youth Clash With Herdsmen Nigeria: EFCC Raids Senator's House Nigeria: NHIs Expels 23,000 Fake Enrolees in Three Months - Executive Secretary Nigeria: Cyber Security System Now World Class - DHQ Nigeria: Air Force Provides Free Medical Services to Mark 53rd Anniversary Nigeria: Nigeria Customs Rejigs Management - Redeploys 48 Comptrollers Nigeria: Why Local Content in Nigeria's Oil, Gas Industry Is Low - Executive Secretary, NCDMB Nigeria: Nigeria Needs Reform to Avoid Future Forex Crisis, Says World Bank Nigeria: IAAF World Relays - Okagbare Tops Team Nigeria List to Bahamas Nigeria: Buhari Constitutes Board of Solid Minerals Development Fund (Full List) Nigeria: Correct Policies, Not Opec Deal Will Take Nigeria Out of Recession - Adeosun Nigeria: Fayose's Loyalists Threaten to Dump PDP Nigeria: ‎Ooni, Emir Sanusi Meet On Ife Ethnic Clash Nigeria: Why I Am Running From Anti-Graft Unit - Former Attorney General Adoke Nigeria: 30,000 Nigerians Displaced By Boko Haram Return From Cameroon Nigeria: Senators React to Suspension of SGF Babachir Lawal Nigeria: Presidency Announces Plans to Strengthen Whistle Blower Policy Nigeria: High-Profile Personalities to Be Questioned By Presidential Panel Nigeria: Ikorodu Killings - Police Commence Demolition of Creeks, Arrest 13 Suspects Nigeria: Fayose Describes Suspension of SGF Lawal, NIA DG As Cover-Up Related Business Nigeria Petroleum West Africa InFocus: Nigeria Nigerian Looters Hide Goods Where 'Dead Men Tell No Tales' Nigerian President Orders Probe into Missing Aid Funds U.S. Seals Arms Deal With Nigeria to Fight Boko Haram Oil Giants May Face Trial Over Alleged $1 Billion Nigerian Bribe Nigerian President Suspends Security Chief Over Cash Stash Nigerian Govt May Extend Whistle-Blowing to Arms Possession Top 3 #BBNaija Contestants Get Plots of Land Abuja Airport Opens for Flights - A Day Early Former Wife of Nigerian Boko Haram Commander Arrested Timeline of Recent Cash Discoveries in Nigeria Follow AllAfrica Top Headlines: Nigeria Nigeria: What Hope for Kaduna Airport After Abuja's Upgrade? Nigeria: Customs Rakes in N14.3 Billion in Three Months Nigeria: Malabu Scandal - Group Wants Nigerian Govt Involved in Italian Trial Nigeria: Boko Haram Strikes Again, Kills Soldiers Nigeria: Meningitis Outbreak - State Needs Divine Intervention, Official Says Nigeria: Why Police Raided Senator Goje's Home Nigeria: I Won't Let Nigeria Down, Buhari Vows Nigeria: Violence in Benue As Youth Protest Alleged Killing By Herdsmen Nigeria: World Oil Demand to Rise - OPEC Nigeria: Stephanie Otobo Files $5 Million Lawsuit Against Apostle Suleman Nigeria: Governor Orders Arrest of Contractor for Poor Construction of N200 Million Road Nigeria: Supreme Court Judge Charged for False Asset Declaration Nigeria: How Safe Is Sambisa Forest Now? Nigeria: Gravesites Used to Hide Looted Cash in Nigeria - Report Nigeria: Buhari May Extend Whistle Blowing to Arms Possession Nigeria: Nigeria Arrests 53 Over Gay Wedding Most Popular Nigeria across allAfrica.com Nigeria 1 Africa: Two Oil Giants Could Face Trial in Italy Over Nigerian Deal 2 Nigeria: Money, Money, Money Everywhere! 3 Nigeria: Gravesites Used to Hide Looted Cash in Nigeria - Report 4 Nigeria: Mandela Begged Abacha to Stop Ogoni 9 Execution - Mbeki 5 Nigeria: Nigerian Arrested for Multiple Bank Robbery in U.S. 6 Nigeria: Nowhere to Hide - Prosecutors Turn Up the Heat On Oil Execs At Heart of Corruption Scandal 7 Nigeria: Aviation Icon, Alhaji Ahmadu Chanchangi Dies 8 Nigeria: 30,000 Nigerians Displaced By Boko Haram Return From Cameroon 9 Nigeria: Governor Orders Arrest of Contractor for Poor Construction of N200 Million Road 10 Nigeria: IPOB Appoints New Leaders for Biafra Zones across allAfrica.com 1 Zimbabwe: Former Finance Ministry CEO Jumps to His Death 2 Tanzania: Govt, Oil Firms' U.S$ 30 Billion Gas Export Deal 'Ready' 3 Africa: U.S Blocks Ugandan General to Army Summit Over Kasese Massacre 4 Ethiopia: Ethiopia Is Rising to Its Former Glory 5 South Africa: Mugabe's Son 'Removed From Dubai Under Controversial Circumstances'... Now Lives in SA 6 Zimbabwe: Young Sex Workers Invade Victoria Falls 7 Zimbabwe: Swimming Icon Coventry Vies for Olympic Committee Post 8 Africa: Two Oil Giants Could Face Trial in Italy Over Nigerian Deal 9 Kenya: Tottenham Fans React After Wanyama Benched Against Bournemouth 10 Nigeria: Money, Money, Money Everywhere! Don't Miss Security Fears Over Mugabe's Children Funeral Party For Zimbabwean Sex Workers - VIDEO Where's His Hair? Mugabe Appears in Public With Bald Head Ethiopia Is Rising to Its Former Glory Top Mugabe Civil Servant 'Commits Suicide' Conflict Congo-Kinshasa: 17 New Mass Graves Found in Central DR Congo - UN(Al Jazeera) Niger: Victory for Students After Protests(Deutsche Welle) Congo-Kinshasa: New Divisions Threaten Stability in DR Congo(ISS) Nigeria: Boko Haram Strikes Again, Kills Soldiers(Premium Times) Central Africa: Army Ends Pursuit of Joseph Kony(VOA) Rwanda: Army Steps Up Fight Against Armyworm(New Times) Nigeria: Violence in Benue As Youth Protest Alleged Killing By Herdsmen(Premium Times) Sudan: Money and Migration - EU Funds May Support, Not Stifle, Refugee Flows From Sudan(Nuba Reports) Nigeria: How Safe Is Sambisa Forest Now?(Vanguard) Kenya: Monitor Students to Forestall Any Unrest, Matiangi Advises(Capital FM) Arms and Armies Nigeria: U.S. Overlooking Human Rights Concerns With Warplane Sale(RFI) Central Africa: Army Ends Pursuit of Joseph Kony(VOA) Rwanda: Army Steps Up Fight Against Armyworm(New Times) East Africa: Ugandan Army Ends 9-Year Hunt for Kony(Monitor) Nigeria: Cyber Security System Now World Class - DHQ(Premium Times) Nigeria: Air Force Provides Free Medical Services to Mark 53rd Anniversary(Premium Times) South Africa: Former SANDF Member Nabbed for Military Base Robbery(News24Wire) Mali: Mali Too Hot for Half of Bundeswehr MINUSMA Vehicles(Deutsche Welle) Sudan: PDF Militia Raids West Kordofan Market(Radio Dabanga) Somalia: AU Probes Death of Soldier By Colleague in Somalia(Shabelle) Petroleum Tanzania: Govt, Oil Firms' U.S$ 30 Billion Gas Export Deal 'Ready'(Daily News) Nigeria: Malabu Scandal - Group Wants Nigerian Govt Involved in Italian Trial(Premium Times) Africa: Two Oil Giants Could Face Trial in Italy Over Nigerian Deal(Deutsche Welle) Malawi: MPs Concerned With 'Shortcuts' On Lake Malawi Oil Exploration(Nyasa Times) Nigeria: World Oil Demand to Rise - OPEC(Premium Times) Tanzania: Tanzania Tycoons Buy Stake in Kenyan Oil Marketing Firm(East African) Uganda: National Dialogue to Impact On Governance of the Extractives Sector(Oil in Uganda) Nigeria: Nowhere to Hide - Prosecutors Turn Up the Heat On Oil Execs At Heart of Corruption Scandal(Global Witness) Africa: Shell Returns As Africa Utility Week Sponsor(CAJ News) Nigeria: Oil Production to Increase Despite Multilateral Production Cuts--IEA(Vanguard) Environment Africa: Dealing With E-Waste the Nanotech Way(SciDev.Net) Malawi: MPs Concerned With 'Shortcuts' On Lake Malawi Oil Exploration(Nyasa Times) Africa: Using Real-Time Satellite Data to Track Water Productivity in Agriculture(FAO) Malawi: Attorney General Blocks Water Board From Proceeding With Environmental Assessment(Nyasa Times) Ethiopia: Displaced and Neglected - Ethiopia's Desperate Drought Victims(IRIN) Uganda: Uganda Losing Millions in Illegal Fishing Says Ministry(Monitor) Kenya: Mysterious Fire Wreaks Havoc in Nyeri Village(Nation) Zimbabwe: Lions Wreak Havoc in Villages(The Herald) Uganda: Uganda's Fight Against Poaching Gets a Boost(East African) Rwanda: Minagri Should Strengthen Our Preparedness Against Pests(New Times) Corruption Zimbabwe: Anti-Corruption Commission Officials Receive Threats From Ministers(The Herald) Uganda: Police Summon Tycoon Over 'Sex and Bribery' Scandal(Monitor) Uganda: Suspended Minister in Sex and Bribe Scandal Faces Fresh Charges(Monitor) Uganda: Fighting Corruption Is Complex - Inspector General of Govt(Monitor) Uganda: Corruption Fight - 'Cabinet Upbeat After Kabafunzaki Arrest'(Observer) Tanzania: Misuse of Millions of Road Sign Funds Revealed(Daily News) South Africa: 'We Will Not Allow State Institutions to be Captured' - Deputy President(News24Wire) South Africa: Personal Legal Cost Orders Against Rogue Public Officials Are the Frontline in the War Against Impunity(Daily Maverick) Africa: A Year After Release, Panama Papers Remain Evergreen(Global Witness) Nigeria: Still On the 'Bastard' Loot At Osborne Towers(Daily Trust) Asia, Australia, and Africa Africa: Attention Shifts to Somalia in Bid to Protect Maritime Trade(East African) Uganda: China Boosts Uganda's Humanitarian Efforts(Monitor) Rwanda: Rwanda-China Relations Present Historic Opportunities - New Envoy(New Times) Eritrea: Senior Delegation On Working Visit to China(Shabait) Zimbabwe: Xi Jinping's Independence Day Message Symbolic(The Herald) Tanzania: Tanzania, South Korea Unite Against Rising Cases of Cybercrimes(Daily News) Kenya: Lucy Gichuhi, the Kenyan-Born Australian Senator(Nation) Africa: Economic Growth and Infrastructure Developments Fuel Select Opportunities for Asean Automotive Industry(PR Newswire) Africa: United Asean Economy to Power Regional Trade and New Growth Opportunities(PR Newswire) Africa: How Poaching, Smuggling in Africa Fuel North Korea's Nuclear Arrogance(Nation) AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 700 news and information items daily from over 140 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Lagos, Monrovia, Nairobi and Washington DC. © 2017 AllAfrica Privacy Contact Subscribe to AllAfrica via RSS For Advertisers AllAfrica - All the Time
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Arconic Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Q1 2018 Earnings Estimate for CarMax, Inc (KMX) Issued By William Blair Arconic Inc (ARNC) Bonds Drop 1.7% During Trading Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Francesca's Holdings Corp (FRAN) Lowered by Wedbush FBR & Co Weighs in on Hyatt Hotels Co.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (H) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Gulfport Energy Co.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (GPOR) Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Forecasted to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to Hold Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Hold Rating for Deere & Company (DE) Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) Cut to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Microsoft (MSFT) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.03 Entergy Co. (ETR) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc CONE Midstream Partners LP (CNNX) Earns Accumulate Rating from Analysts at Johnson Rice Black Stone Minerals LP (BSM) Lifted to “Buy” at Stifel Nicolaus Peoples Bancorp Inc. (PEBO) Earns Neutral Rating from Analysts at DA Davidson PepsiCo’s (PEP) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Kimberly Clark Corp’s (KMB) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Raised to Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc DA Davidson Begins Coverage on First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) DA Davidson Begins Coverage on Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Arconic Inc (ARNC) Bonds Drop 1.7% During Trading April 20th, 2017 - By Scott Moore - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance An issue of Arconic Inc (NASDAQ:ARNC) debt fell 1.7% as a percentage of its face value during trading on Thursday. The debt issue has a 5.72% coupon and will mature on February 23, 2019. The debt is now trading at $106.00. Price moves in a company’s debt in credit markets sometimes predict parallel moves in its stock price. A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on ARNC shares. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on Arconic from $28.00 to $32.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Longbow Research started coverage on Arconic in a research note on Friday, March 31st. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. Cowen and Company reiterated a “market perform” rating and issued a $25.00 price objective on shares of Arconic in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Zacks Investment Research raised Arconic from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Arconic in a report on Tuesday. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $29.00 target price on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Arconic currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $24.75. Shares of Arconic Inc (NASDAQ:ARNC) traded up 0.54% on Thursday, reaching $26.11. The company had a trading volume of 2,307,613 shares. Arconic Inc has a 12 month low of $16.75 and a 12 month high of $30.69. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $26.70 and a 200-day moving average price of $23.18. The company’s market capitalization is $11.50 billion. Arconic (NASDAQ:ARNC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The basic materials company reported $0.12 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.01. The firm earned $2.97 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.04 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that Arconic Inc will post $1.11 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 5th will be given a dividend of $0.06 per share. This represents a $0.24 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.92%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. In related news, major shareholder International L.P. Elliott bought 544,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 24th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $21.61 per share, for a total transaction of $11,755,840.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Associates L.P. Elliott bought 72,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was bought at an average price of $25.57 per share, for a total transaction of $1,841,040.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have bought 2,941,001 shares of company stock worth $79,150,049. WARNING: This piece was first published by The Cerbat Gem and is owned by of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/20/arconic-inc-arnc-bonds-drop-1-7-during-trading.html. About Arconic Arconic Inc, formerly Alcoa Inc, is engaged in lightweight metals engineering and manufacturing. The Company operates through three segments: Global Rolled Products, Engineered Products and Solutions, and Transportation and Construction Solutions. Its multi-material products, which include aluminum, titanium and nickel, are used around the world in markets, such as aerospace, automotive, commercial transportation and packaging. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Arconic Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arconic Inc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Sign in Join Home Online Games Special Edition Independence Special Maritime Features Sports Politics Business Economy Housing/Property Wordsworth Banking/ Finance Stock/ Money Information Technology Oil & Energy Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 26 C Port Harcourt, Nigeria Friday, April 21, 2017 Sign in / Join Home Advertisement About Us Contact Us LOG IN REGISTER Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Register for an account A password will be e-mailed to you. Recover your password :::…The Tide News Online:::… "Our goal is to make Rivers State a land of peace and prosperity with boundless opportunities and possibilities" – a place where no one is left behind... Gov.Ezenwo Nyesom Wike Home Online Games online games Casino industry in Nigeria online games THE BEST BINGO WEBSITES IN THE UK online games LOOKING FOR THE BEST BETTING APPLICATIONS, WELL LOOK NO FURTHER! online games FIND THE BEST ONLINE BOOKIES IN THE UK online games William Hill in merger talks with Amaya Special Edition Independence Special Editorial Nigeria At 55: Of Wasted Years, The Way Forward Independence Special Nigerian Health Sector:A Fledging Phenomenon Independence Special Nigeria: 55 Years Later And Not A Moment For Sober… Independence Special Nigeria, Corruption And The Law: The Development Conundrum Independence Special Nigeria At 55: The Missing Link Maritime Maritime ‘Maritime Industry Produces 350million Jobs’ Maritime Expert Wants Improvement In Seafarers’ Training, Certification Maritime Shippers’ Council Assures On Ports Automation Maritime NIMASA PledgesTo Implement Cabotage Act Maritime Community Leader Wants Seaport In Bakana Features Features Rivers At 50: Imperatives Of Cultural Revolution Features Stimulating Food Security Measures In Conflict Areas Features The Growing Unpopularity Of Local Languages Features RSU: A New Touch For Progress Features Conserving Water For Sustainable Development Sports Sports I am Not Competing With MFM’s Stricker – Elkanemi Player Sports FC Ifeanyi Ubah Has Forgotten Bad Patch – Hilary Sports NPFL: Plateau Utd Emerges First Round Champions Sports Boboye Attributes Victory To Hard Work Sports NFF Okays Godswill Akpabio Stadium Politics Politics INEC Commences Voter Registration Next Week Politics …As Warmate Urges Participation Politics PDP Warns APC Against Dictatorship Politics NASS Opposes 2018 Census Politics Warmate Urges Prayer For Wike Business Economy Housing/Property Wordsworth Banking/ Finance Stock/ Money Information Technology Oil & Energy Home News Malabu Scandal: Group Wants FG Involved In Italian Trial News Malabu Scandal: Group Wants FG Involved In Italian Trial By admin - April 21, 2017 0 71 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Vice President, Prof Yemi Osinbajo The Human and Environmental Development Agenda, HEDA Resource Centre, has petitioned Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, requesting the representation of Nigeria as an aggrieved party in the hearing of the Milan Court’s prosecution of Shell and ENI with respect to the scandalous Malabu deal. In a petition addressed to Mr. Osinbajo, who also doubles as the Chairman Asset Recovery Committee, HEDA  urged the federal government to request that the Italian court judge should recognize Nigeria as a civil party to the criminal proceeding in order to request adequate compensation for the damages received by the corruption scheme. “The media was awash about six years ago with information on how one of Nigeria’s richest oil field, OPL 245 was sold in shady circumstances and more than half of the $1.1 Billion paid to Malabu Oil and Gas for the procurement was used to bribe Nigerian politicians and intermediaries who helped to secure the controversial deal for both Shell and ENI. “Despite overwhelming evidences showing that Shell and Eni are aware that a specified chunk of the money would be paid to a character with a shady background, officials of the companies have denied any wrong doing in the affair, even when it was revealed that on the 29th of April, 2011 Eni transferred $1.092 Billion dollars into an escrow account of the Nigerian government at the bank, JP Morgan Chase in London which is not the usual account of the state but a parallel one. “Shell has now admitted that it knew that former oil minister Dan Etete, a convicted money-launderer, was involved in Malabu and that the proceeds of the 2011 deal went to Malabu. It is a matter of record that Etete awarded OPL 245 to Malabu when he was himself the oil minister.” Stating further issues, HEDA said the reports of the Public Prosecution Office at the Ordinary Court of Milan, in its notification of completion of preliminary investigations, highlighted the role of Eni’s former Chief Executive Officer, Paola Scaroni and his successor Claudio Descalzi and indicted them for alleged international corruption over the scandal. The NGO said its petition in respect of the stated prosecution is buoyed by facts at its disposal. “Evidence abound via leaked emails that senior executives of the companies were aware that payments made in 2011 for oil block OPL 245, one of Africa’s most valuable oil blocks would go to convicted money launderer and ex-Nigerian oil minister, Dan Etete, and certain government officials rather than to the suffering people of Nigeria but still selfishly and corruptly went through with the deal that deprived the Nigerian people of billions of dollars. “This goes to prove that the companies who are purportedly most powerful and profitable oil companies have only masqueraded as leaders of responsible businesses, while robbing countries of their natural resources. As noted, Shell has officially admitted that it had knowledge of Dan Etete’s potential benefit from the deal. “Currently two countries have opened investigations into the deal and there is a strong chance that Shell and ENI would lose the oil block following the trial on international corruption charges. “Shell and Eni’s corrupt deal had huge consequences for ordinary Nigerians as right now, according to Global Witness, about five million people across Nigeria face starvation and one in ten children do not live to see their fifth birthday, while the money paid for the block equates to one and a half times what the United Nations says is needed to respond to the country’s current famine crisis. Also, the payment for the deal is worth more than Nigeria’s entire health budget for 2016.” SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleWe’ve Not Increased Cooking Gas Price – NLNG Next articleObuah Laments Absence Of FG’s Projects In Rivers admin RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR News ‘Consolidate Gains Of Osinbajo N’ Delta Tour’ News Rivers Set To Launch 50-Year Dev Plan News We’ll Abandon Party For Sheriff If… – Ihedioha News Buhari Must Govern Personally, Not Through Proxies – Fayose News No Propaganda Can Stop Wike’s Dev Strides – SA News Banigo Harps On Regular Medical Checks Stay connected 63,322FollowersFollow 2,786SubscribersSubscribe - Advertisement -Tweets by @TheTideNewspape Archives Archives Select Month April 2017  (669) March 2017  (961) February 2017  (825) January 2017  (897) December 2016  (427) November 2016  (496) October 2016  (870) September 2016  (674) August 2016  (583) July 2016  (962) June 2016  (696) May 2016  (648) April 2016  (813) March 2016  (580) February 2016  (594) January 2016  (726) December 2015  (508) November 2015  (144) October 2015  (356) September 2015  (334) August 2015  (948) July 2015  (831) June 2015  (737) May 2015  (436) April 2015  (690) March 2015  (783) February 2015  (879) January 2015  (808) December 2014  (675) November 2014  (771) October 2014  (903) September 2014  (619) August 2014  (783) July 2014  (752) June 2014  (796) May 2014  (801) April 2014  (889) March 2014  (863) February 2014  (678) January 2014  (995) December 2013  (804) November 2013  (614) October 2013  (789) September 2013  (591) August 2013  (570) July 2013  (750) June 2013  (656) May 2013  (433) April 2013  (801) March 2013  (895) February 2013  (747) January 2013  (687) December 2012  (735) November 2012  (714) October 2012  (720) September 2012  (797) August 2012  (927) July 2012  (856) June 2012  (792) May 2012  (765) April 2012  (751) March 2012  (933) February 2012  (681) January 2012  (660) December 2011  (536) November 2011  (663) October 2011  (649) September 2011  (677) August 2011  (651) July 2011  (858) June 2011  (404) May 2011  (370) April 2011  (113) March 2011  (215) February 2011  (497) January 2011  (617) December 2010  (445) November 2010  (393) October 2010  (505) August 2010  (234) July 2010  (680) June 2010  (1000) May 2010  (644) April 2010  (526) March 2010  (521) February 2010  (175) January 2010  (604) December 2009  (660) November 2009  (846) October 2009  (617) September 2009  (131) August 2009  (244) July 2009  (546) June 2009  (106) February 2009  (22) The Tide Newspaper is the most respected source of news and information for readers in Nigeria , with the latest stories on politics and current affairs, business and technology, sports, culture and the arts, as well as the popular citylife supplement, with nightlife news, restaurant reviews and top events. For comments and suggestions about our website: Contact us: webmaster@thetidenewsonline.com Advertisement Contact Us About Us © Copyright © 2009-2016 The Tide Newspaper Coporation MORE STORIES Ensuring Successful Voter Registration April 21, 2017 SGF, NIA DG’s Suspension, A Ruse – PDP …Seeks Independent Inquiry,... April 21, 2017 Experts Hail Rivers Economy Under Wike April 21, 2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JRP Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JRP Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ConforMIS Inc (CFMS) Receives $10.75 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Share Price Brokerages Set JRP Group PLC (JRP) Price Target at $184.83 Lilis Energy (LLEX) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.03 Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) Receives $36.67 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Insider Selling: Inphi Co. (IPHI) VP Sells 6,302 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Nabriva Therapeutics AG – (NBRV) Major Shareholder Sells 23,932 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) SVP Sells 2,200 Shares of Stock Square Inc (SQ) CEO Jack Dorsey Sells 381,500 Shares Ameren Corp (AEE) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.42 Per Share Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Reinsurance Group of America (RGA) Share Price Zacks: Brokerages Expect U.S. Bancorp (USB) to Announce $0.87 Earnings Per Share Opko Health (OPK) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.39 Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corp. (TYG) Getting Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Medical Properties Trust (MPW) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds MacroGenics Inc (MGNX) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.99 Per Share Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Receives $55.33 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Baxter International Inc (BAX) Price Target at $54.50 Brokerages Set Manulife Financial Corp. (MFC) PT at $26.27 Brokerages Set JRP Group PLC (JRP) Price Target at $184.83 April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of JRP Group PLC (LON:JRP) have received a consensus rating of “Buy” from the seven ratings firms that are covering the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is GBX 183.33 ($2.31). JRP has been the subject of several research reports. Panmure Gordon reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 207 ($2.61) target price on shares of JRP Group PLC in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of JRP Group PLC in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.52) target price on shares of JRP Group PLC in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 177 ($2.23) target price on shares of JRP Group PLC in a report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 160 ($2.01) target price on shares of JRP Group PLC in a report on Monday, March 13th. In related news, insider Simon Thomas sold 100,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 153 ($1.93), for a total transaction of £153,000 ($192,573.95). Also, insider Rodney Cook sold 199,022 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 146 ($1.84), for a total value of £290,572.12 ($365,729.54). COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Brokerages Set JRP Group PLC (JRP) Price Target at $184.83” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/brokerages-set-jrp-group-plc-jrp-price-target-at-184-83.html. Shares of JRP Group PLC (LON:JRP) traded down 1.14% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching GBX 121.60. The company had a trading volume of 1,417,805 shares. JRP Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 84.26 and a 1-year high of GBX 161.40. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 137.06 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 138.72. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 889.62 million. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 4th will be paid a dividend of GBX 2.40 ($0.03) per share. This is a boost from JRP Group PLC’s previous dividend of $1.10. This represents a dividend yield of 1.6%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. About JRP Group PLC JRP Group plc, formerly Just Retirement Group plc, is a financial services company. Its segments are insurance, other segments and corporate activities. The insurance segment writes insurance products for the retirement market, which include guaranteed income for life solutions and defined benefit de-risking solutions, care plans, and drawdown contracts, and invests the premiums received from these contracts in corporate bonds, lifetime mortgage advances, and other financial investments. Receive News & Ratings for JRP Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JRP Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,579 +174.22 +0.85% Nasdaq 5,917 +53.74 +0.92% S&P 500 2,356 +17.67 +0.76% 3:04 A.M. ET WS Atkins jumps 4.2% after accepting SNC-Lavalin takeover bid 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,034.54 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,122.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 5,060.49 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.10 2:53 A.M. ET Updated Here’s a sign euro traders are dangerously complacent about the French election 2:41 A.M. ET SSAB swings to profit; sees higher demand ahead 2:40 A.M. ET Philips Lighting profit up 17%; holds margin view 2:39 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser revenue boosted by forex rates 2:39 A.M. ET Arkansas carries out first of eight planned executions 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil 2:33 A.M. ET Updated When are the French election results out on Sunday? 1:27 A.M. ET Oil prices steady as investors watch for OPEC signals 1:00 A.M. ET Updated Gunman slain after killing Paris police officer; Islamic State claims credit 12:09 A.M. ET Updated Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/20 BHP Billiton plans $204M expansion of coal mine 4/20 Led by Nikkei, Asian markets build on overnight gains 4/20 Elon Musk reveals Neuralink plans, including his third CEO role 4/20 When dumb things happen to smart investors 4/20 Trump: Iran ‘not living up to the spirit’ of nuclear deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Gramercy Property Trust Announces Pricing of Public Offering of 9,000,000 Common Shares By Published: Apr 20, 2017 9:18 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Apr 20, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Gramercy Property Trust GPT, +0.99% , a real estate investment trust, announced today the pricing of the public offering of 9,000,000 common shares at a public offering price of $27.60 per share for estimated net proceeds of $238.1 million after deducting for underwriting discounts and offering expenses payable by the Company. In addition, the underwriters of the offering have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,350,000 common shares. The offering is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close on April 26, 2017. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund the future acquisition of its target assets consistent with its investment strategies and for working capital and other general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment or repurchase of indebtedness. Morgan Stanley and J.P. Morgan acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Wells Fargo Securities and Stifel also acted as book-running managers for the offering. Ladenburg Thalmann, BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, BTIG, Capital One Securities, MUFG, Scotiabank, TD Securities, CJS Securities, Compass Point, D.A. Davidson & Co., Huntington Investment Company and JMP Securities acted as co-managers for the offering. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting: Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2 [nd] Floor, New York, New York 10014,; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204. These documents will also be filed with the SEC and will be available at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities, in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Gramercy Property Trust Gramercy Property Trust is a leading global investor and asset manager of commercial real estate. The Company specializes in acquiring and managing high quality, income producing commercial real estate leased to high quality tenants in major markets in the United States and Europe. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information based upon the Company's current best judgment and expectations. Actual results could vary from those presented herein. The risks and uncertainties associated with forward-looking information in this release include, but are not limited to, factors that are beyond the Company's control, including the factors listed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For example, the fact that the offering described above has priced may imply that the offering will close, but closing is subject to conditions customary in transactions of this type and may be delayed or may not occur at all. In addition, the fact that the underwriters have an option to purchase additional shares may imply that this option will be exercised. However, the underwriters will not be under any obligation to exercise any such option, or any portion of it, and they may not do so. Investors should not place undue reliance upon forward-looking statements. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170420006716/en/ SOURCE: Gramercy Property Trust For Gramercy Property Trust Jon W. Clark, 212-297-1000 Chief Financial Officer or Ashley M. Mancuso, 212-297-1000 Investor Relations Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References GPT +0.28 +0.99% Most Popular One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt Here’s what Venezuela’s deepening crisis means for oil prices This city has the most heavily indebted homeowners in America The future of video games may be a full-body experience MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Gramercy Property Trust U.S.: NYSE: GPT $28.50 +0.28 (+0.99%) Volume 857.3K Open $28.22 High $28.50 Low $27.98 P/E Ratio 198.33 Div Yield 5.26 Market Cap 4.0B
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian ‘Fearless Girl’ sets off a storm of debate over… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Mercury News delivery delay 4/20: The true story Tennessee girl found Unicorn frap taste test Food-stamp lawsuit rage NFL Draft coverage News Nation & World ‘Fearless Girl’ sets off a storm of debate over ‘Charging Bull’ meaning Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) The Charging Bull and Fearless Girl statues on Lower Broadway in New York. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) The "Fearless Girl" (front) statue stands facing the "Charging Bull" as tourists take pictures in New York on April 12, 2017. A battle is heating up between two iconic New York statues, the legendary "Charging Bull" and new kid on the block "Fearless Girl," with gender equality, artistic integrity and copyright issues at stake. The Italian-American artist who created "Charging Bull," which has stood south of Wall Street for nearly 30 years, alleged Wednesday that "Fearless Girl" breached his copyright, distorted his artistic message and should be moved elsewhere. The work of US artist Kristen Visbal, the bronze "Fearless Girl" was installed last month, standing defiant, hands on hips and chin jutting out, directly challenging the bull. / AFP PHOTO / Jewel SAMADJEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images Raindrops fall on the "Fearless Girl" statue, created by Kristen Visbal, during a drizzle, Monday, March 27, 2017, in New York. Mayor Bill de Blasio says the popular statue of a young girl staring down Wall Street's famous "Charging Bull" statue will be allowed to remain through February 2018. (AP Photo/Bebeto Matthews) Arturo Di Modica holds a model of his Charging Bull sculpture during a news conference Wednesday, April 12, 2017, in New York. Di Modica and his attorneys announced at the news conference that he's challenging city officials who issued a permit for "Fearless Girl," a bronze statue that faces the bull sculpture on the same cobble stone island in the street, and has drawn worldwide attention. (AP Photo/Craig Ruttle) FILE In this March 8, 2017 file photo, the "Fearless Girl" statue faces Wall Street's charging bull statue in New York. The sculptor of Wall Street’s “Charging Bull” says New York City is violating his legal rights by forcing his bronze beast to face off against the “Fearless Girl.” Artist Arturo Di Modica said Wednesday, April 12, that the new neighboring statue changes his bull into something negative. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Sixth-grade students from The Blue School take notes as they view 'The Fearless Girl' statue across from the iconic Wall Street charging bull statue, March 8, 2017 in New York City. (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) NEW YORK, NY - MARCH 8: 'The Fearless Girl' statues stands across from the iconic Wall Street charging bull statue, March 8, 2017 in New York City. State Street Global Advisors, the world's third-largest asset manager, installed the statue on Tuesday morning as part of a campaign to pressure companies to add more women to their boards. (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images) The Fearless Girl statue facing the bronze statue of the raging Wall Street Charging Bull is depicted in the New York City section of the Gulliver's Gate exhibit, Wednesday, April 5, 2017, in New York. The indoor 49,000-square-foot diorama includes scale models of structures and landscapes from the Brooklyn Bridge and the Eiffel Tower to the pyramids of Egypt and China's Forbidden City, along with the Taj Mahal, Mecca, Niagara Falls and Rio de Janeiro's Christ the Redeemer statue. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) Show Caption of Expand By The Washington Post | PUBLISHED: April 20, 2017 at 4:39 pm | UPDATED: April 20, 2017 at 5:53 pm By Renae Merle, (c) 2017, The Washington Post NEW YORK – After the 1987 stock market crash, sculptor Arturo Di Modica spent two years and $300,000 secretly working on a gift he hoped would lift the spirits of a demoralized city. He deposited the 11-foot, 3-ton “Charging Bull” statue in front of the New York Stock Exchange in the middle of a wintry night. Today, that icon of Wall Street prosperity is staring down another statue that has become a potent symbol in its own right — a petite girl in high-top sneakers. The “Fearless Girl,” fists curled at her sides and face held high in seeming defiance of the giant bull galloping before her, has drawn international attention since it was unveiled last month and tapped into growing frustration around the struggle female executives face rising into leadership positions, particularly on Wall Street. Di Modica sees something else: “Fearless Girl,” he argues, has turned his bull into a symbol of male chauvinism. His attorneys said he may sue if the statue isn’t removed. But the city isn’t budging, and the standoff has turned into a high-profile debate over the role of public art, intertwined with visceral feelings about Wall Street and the role of women. The origins of the two works of art could not be more different. “Fearless Girl” belongs to one of the largest banks in the world, Boston-based State Street, which commissioned the work last year as part of an advertising campaign. The statue, the bank says is part of an effort to use its financial might to encourage companies to put women in more prominent leadership positions. (It initially included a plaque that mentioned one of the bank’s funds.) Di Modica says his statue was a work of conviction. The 76-year-old gray-bearded sculptor has generated some sympathy, particularly from other artists. Gabriel Koren, whose bronze sculpture of Frederick Douglass looks into Harlem from Central Park, says she would be offended by another artist placing a competing piece of art near her creation without permission. “Every sculpture needs space. That is the nature of sculpture,” she said. “If you put something else there, it changes it.” The “Fearless Girl,” she said, is “cute,” but “you don’t stand up for women’s rights at the expense of the artist’s rights. Each right is equally important. I am saying this as a woman.” Yet others say the meaning of Di Modica’s bull began to change long before “Fearless Girl” arrived. During the height of the Occupy Wall Street protests, New York City police put barricades around the statue to protect it from demonstrators. “Let’s be blunt, the ‘Charging Bull’ is a celebration of unfettered capitalism,” New York Mayor Bill De Blasio said recently on the Brian Lehrer Show. “You could say it is about the spirit of optimism, sure – that’s what the artist was thinking, that’s great. But it is a symbol of Wall Street. And Wall Street, to say the least, is a double-edge sword.” This comes as the financial industry struggles to shed its reputation as a boys club where women struggle to succeed. None of the country’s mega-banks, such as JPMorgan, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs, are led by women. Even State Street has been forced to acknowledge its own shortfalls – the bank only has three women on its 11-member board of directors and five women on its 28-member leadership team. “We ourselves are being challenged on how do we help address” the lack of women in leadership positions, said Stephen Tisdalle, chief of marketing at State Street Global Advisors, a subsidiary of the bank. “We’re taking a very humble approach to this.” “Fearless Girl,” the bank says, was not meant to change the meaning of the bull statue but to create a potent symbol to show that women can – and should – be an important part of the financial sector. “A growing market is exactly what we want to have happen,” Tisdalle said. “The question is who provides the talent and who provides the leadership to fuel that growing market and we believe that women do.”   – – – The city has refused to remove the statue, which has a permit to stay put for another year. When asked for comment, De Blasio’s office pointed to a series of tweets the Democrat issued after Di Modica complained the new statue violated his rights. “Men who don’t like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl,” he said in one tweet. In another, he said, “We wouldn’t move the ‘Charging Bull’ statue if it offended someone. The Fearless Girl is staying put.” Years before Di Modica donated his iconic statute, he had developed a reputation for foisting gifts on New York that the city didn’t want. In 1977, again in the middle of the night, he reportedly dropped several marble statues in front of Rockefeller Center and in 1986 he sneaked a big bronze horse in front of Lincoln Center. Di Modica, who is from Sicily, built ‘Charging Bull’ in his lower Manhattan loft, then had it bronzed in a Brooklyn factory. Friends helped him put the black-patina bull in a truck and maneuver it into place with a crane in front of the New York Stock Exchange. Unimpressed city officials initially evicted the statue, calling it a traffic hazard and a nuisance before relenting under public pressure and moving it two blocks away. “There it stood for 30 years and it became a very popular icon. It has been said that the bull is the most visited statue in New York next to the Statue of Liberty,” said Marc Gordon, a partner at Spacesmith, an architecture firm two blocks from New York’s Bowling Green Park, where the battle over the dueling statues is taking place. Di Modica has repeatedly fought to protect the statue’s reputation. He sued Walmart and several other companies for using the bull’s image in advertisements. When Random House put a picture of “Charging Bull” on the cover of a book about the fall of Lehman Brothers, Di Modica complained again. The bull, he has said, is not only among his most meaningful work, but a symbol of prosperity that transcends gender. “I am not against women,” said at a news conference this month in which he appeared frail and was surrounded by attorneys. “I am against this advertising trick.” Di Modica owns the copyright to the statue’s image, said his attorney, Normal Siegel. But it unclear whether he makes money from the reproduction of its images. Di Modica’s attorneys said the artist was not available for comment. “Fearless Girl,” meanwhile, is the byproduct of State Street’s aggressive effort to address concerns raised by one of its biggest customers: the California State Teachers’ Retirement System, the nation’s second-largest public pension fund. The fund, known as CalSTRS, had become concerned that more women were not represented on company boards and leadership teams. “Wall Street got started under Alexander Hamilton, and it was almost exclusively a province of males and it has just continued that way,” said New York University financial historian Richard Sylla. State Street began looking for ways to invest in companies that had women in prominent positions and settled on exchange-traded funds, which are popular with mom-and-pop investors. The typical fund tracks a basket of stocks, allowing the investor to follow their ups and downs without buying each stock individually. State Street’s fund, known as SHE, tracks the stock of more than 100 companies that the bank says do the best job in their industries of putting women in leadership positions. Companies with diverse leadership teams perform better over the long term and make better investments, the bank says. SHE launched last year with more than $200 million in assets from CalSTRS, but State Street wanted to broaden its audience and began working with McCann New York on a way to draw attention to the effort. The bank says it considered several options before commissioning Delaware artist Kristen Visbal to build a sculpture that would stand in front of Wall Street’s famous bull in time for International Women’s Day on March 8 of last year. “It could have been a woman [instead of a girl], but there is something about the future in young people. We wanted a symbol that could represent today and tomorrow,” Tisdalle said. The statue immediately developed a cult following — and SHE has received a boost from investors. At the spot where tourists have spent decades rubbing the nose of the “Charging Bull” and climbing onto its horns, suddenly “Fearless Girl” fans were jockeying for the best position for a selfie. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., posted a picture of herself with the pint-sized statue recently and De Blasio bent his more than 6-foot frame nearly in half to get into the perfect frame. The man fans of “Fearless Girl” say Di Modica’s concerns are misguided. The new statue “does not detract from ‘Charging Bull’ and all that work stands for but, rather, calls for collaboration between men and women in decision making,” Visbal said in an email . “There is room for both sculptures at Bowling Green Park and to deny ‘Fearless Girl’ a presence is to deny women increased visibility in business.” Tags:  National News The Washington Post Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Four Bay Area hospitals fined by state health department Pizarro: San Jose braces for wildest weekend ever Kawakami: Morning-after Game 2 thoughts on Steve Kerr and more Kevin Durant offers update on calf injury with YouTube live stream Raiders schedule: Record five prime time games, including two at Coliseum Desharnais’ OT goal lifts Oilers past Sharks 4-3 Convicted al-Qaeda operative with Silicon Valley ties loses citizenship Carolyn Hax: He couldn’t handle parenting by himself, but he thinks I can More in Nation & World Convicted al-Qaeda operative with Silicon Valley ties loses citizenship April 20, 2017, 10:15 pm Khaled Abu al-Dahab, 57, a native of Egypt who moved to the U.S. in 1986, made “materially false written statements” to obtain naturalization. Girls and women everywhere ‘should look up to’ Ivanka Trump, says gal pal Wendi Deng April 20, 2017, 10:51 pm Wendi Deng gushed about Ivanka Trump, her close friend of 12 years, in the new issue of Time where Ivanka made the 100 list of most influential people in politics, business, arts and culture. Trump budget chief: Spending bill must have money for wall April 20, 2017, 6:03 pm WASHINGTON (AP) — White House budget director Mick Mulvaney says that Democratic negotiators on a massive spending bill need to agree to fund top priorities of President Donald Trump such as a down payment on a border wall and hiring of additional immigration agents. 3 Seattle officers shot; 1 suspect dead, 2 in custody April 20, 2017, 9:33 pm SEATTLE (AP) — Three Seattle police officers were shot and injured during an exchange of gunfire with a suspect, who later died, after a robbery at a downtown convenience store. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TTM Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Repligen (RGEN) Earning Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Finds Hyatt Hotels (H) Given News Impact Score of -0.02 Toyota Motor Corp (TM) Receives Daily News Impact Rating of -0.01 Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Primerica (PRI) Share Price TTM Technologies (TTMI) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Retrophin (RTRX) Earns Media Sentiment Score of -0.03 Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Share Price Novan Inc (NOVN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts $0.41 Earnings Per Share Expected for Sonic Co. (SONC) This Quarter Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Debt Trading 1% Higher California Resources Corp (CRC) Debt Trading 1.5% Lower McDermott International (MDR) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.42 Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Hartford Financial Services Group (HIG) Stock Price Petmed Express (PETS) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Time Warner (TWX) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Genomic Health (GHDX) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.42 PNM Resources (PNM) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Comcast Co. (CMCSA) EVP Sells $89,103.92 in Stock Sharon Ullman Sells 2,500,000 Shares of Cambrian Minerals Group Inc (SMPR) Stock Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact The9 Limited (NCTY) Share Price TTM Technologies (TTMI) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Analysis Finds April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) has trended somewhat negative on Thursday, according to AlphaOne. The research group, a service of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. TTM Technologies earned a daily sentiment score of -0.02 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news headlines about the technology company an impact score of 79 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near future. These are some of the headlines that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: Insider Trading Activity TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) – Director Sold 3,000 shares of Stock (4-traders.com) Kenton K. Alder Sells 3,000 Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Stock (americanbankingnews.com) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) to Hold (americanbankingnews.com) TTM Technologies (TTMI) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds (americanbankingnews.com) The Top Three Holders Of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) – Post Analyst (postanalyst.com) TTMI has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. TheStreet downgraded shares of TTM Technologies from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of TTM Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Saturday, February 11th. Needham & Company LLC upped their price objective on shares of TTM Technologies from $14.00 to $18.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of TTM Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $18.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Friday, February 17th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus upped their price objective on shares of TTM Technologies from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $19.00. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) traded up 2.36% during trading on Thursday, reaching $16.02. 978,376 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $15.97 and its 200-day moving average price is $14.45. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.61 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 47.12 and a beta of 1.39. TTM Technologies has a 52 week low of $6.22 and a 52 week high of $17.86. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The technology company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.13. TTM Technologies had a net margin of 1.38% and a return on equity of 15.90%. The business had revenue of $706.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $671.57 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.31 earnings per share. TTM Technologies’s revenue was up 5.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that TTM Technologies will post $1.60 EPS for the current year. In related news, Director Kenton K. Alder sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.55, for a total transaction of $46,650.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Douglas L. Soder sold 6,666 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.00, for a total transaction of $99,990.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 91,749 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,376,235. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 4,140,348 shares of company stock worth $65,082,708 in the last ninety days. 28.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “TTM Technologies (TTMI) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Analysis Finds” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/ttm-technologies-ttmi-receiving-somewhat-critical-press-coverage-analysis-finds.html. TTM Technologies Company Profile TTM Technologies, Inc is a manufacturer of printed circuit board (PCB) products and is focused on technologically advanced PCBs and electro-mechanical solutions (E-M Solutions). As of January 2, 2017, the Company operated a total of 25 specialized facilities in North America and China. The Company’s segments include PCB, E-M Solutions and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hartford Financial Services Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News McDermott International (MDR) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.42 Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Hartford Financial Services Group (HIG) Stock Price Petmed Express (PETS) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Time Warner (TWX) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Genomic Health (GHDX) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.42 PNM Resources (PNM) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Comcast Co. (CMCSA) EVP Sells $89,103.92 in Stock Sharon Ullman Sells 2,500,000 Shares of Cambrian Minerals Group Inc (SMPR) Stock Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact The9 Limited (NCTY) Share Price Zacks: Analysts Expect Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Will Announce Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Brokerages Set Supernus Pharmaceuticals Inc (SUPN) PT at $29.80 Interactive Brokers Group (IBKR) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Zacks: Analysts Anticipate CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Will Post Earnings of $0.25 Per Share UQM Technologies (UQM) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.04 Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) EVP Terri R. Kallsen Sells 27,122 Shares Coupa Software Inc (COUP) CFO Sells $2,025,972.00 in Stock Energy Fuels (UUUU) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.10 Xactly Corp (XTLY) Receives $17.94 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Cabot Corp (CBT) Receives $59.20 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Brokerages Set Sigma Designs Inc (SIGM) Price Target at $7.50 Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Hartford Financial Services Group (HIG) Stock Price April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) has been trending positive on Thursday, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research firm, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Hartford Financial Services Group earned a coverage optimism score of 0.42 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave press coverage about the insurance provider an impact score of 55 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is somewhat likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the media headlines that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: Hartford Financial Services (HIG) Stock Rating Maintained at Wells Fargo Co … (whatsonthorold.com) The Hartford To Donate $3 Million To Boys & Girls Clubs Of America, Becoming Founding Partner Of Workforce Development (finance.yahoo.com) Revenue Estimates Analysis Of The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (HIG) (nsg-italia.com) Earnings Preview: What To Expect From Travelers On Thursday (finance.yahoo.com) Hartford Financial Services Group Inc Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.00 Per Share (HIG) (americanbankingnews.com) A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. FBR & Co reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG cut shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $51.00 to $53.00 in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their target price on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from $51.00 to $49.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Hartford Financial Services Group has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $50.55. Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) traded up 0.78% on Thursday, reaching $47.63. 3,478,598 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $48.33 and a 200 day moving average of $47.19. Hartford Financial Services Group has a 52-week low of $38.92 and a 52-week high of $50.26. The company has a market capitalization of $17.63 billion, a PE ratio of 20.98 and a beta of 1.22. Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The insurance provider reported $1.08 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.14. Hartford Financial Services Group had a net margin of 4.90% and a return on equity of 7.40%. The business earned $4.54 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.72 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.07 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Hartford Financial Services Group will post $4.13 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 6th were paid a dividend of $0.23 per share. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.93%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. Hartford Financial Services Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently 41.26%. In other news, Director Teresa Wynn Roseborough bought 1,005 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was acquired at an average price of $49.72 per share, with a total value of $49,968.60. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 5,755 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $286,138.60. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. 1.23% of the stock is owned by company insiders. WARNING: “Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Hartford Financial Services Group (HIG) Stock Price” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/favorable-news-coverage-somewhat-likely-to-affect-hartford-financial-services-group-hig-stock-price.html. About Hartford Financial Services Group Receive News & Ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks Mardan lynching uzair baloch Kulbhushan Jadhav Jufelhurst School Print Story X Print Story Home / business / Goldman Sachs shares fall as profits up less than expected Goldman Sachs shares fall as profits up less than expected | By  AAFP | April 19, 2017 Business 0 0 Goldman Sachs reported sharply higher first-quarter profits Tuesday, but they lagged analysts' expectations following a sluggish performance in trading, in contrast with other large banks that saw trading boom. Wall Street responded harshly to the report, which stood out as surprisingly weak link in the sector after others reported double-digit increases in trading revenues. Goldman was the biggest loser in the Dow, slumping 4.7 percent to end the day at $215.59. Earnings for the quarter ending March 31 surged to $2.3 billion, up 80.2 percent from the same period of last year. But that jump was due in part to an accounting change in employee share-based compensation that reduced taxes by $475 million. As a result, the profit translated into $5.15 per share, below the $5.31 estimated by Wall Street analysts. Goldman chief executive Lloyd Blankfein described the operating environment as "mixed" with "client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses." But there was "a more attractive backdrop" for debt and equity underwriting, he said. Goldman reported a middling performance in its institutional client business, with net revenues down two percent from the year-ago period. This division includes trading for fixed income, equities and other security-based products. The investing and lending business saw better performance, and it scored a big jump in revenues due in part to elevated equity prices. Goldman president Harvey Schwartz said the bank has learned to accept that trading will fluctuate and has historically avoided making too much of any one quarter of results. "Quarter to quarter things are going to vary," Schwartz said. But JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America all have reported strong trading results. Marty Mosby, banking analyst at Vining Sparks, said banks such as Bank of America and JPMorgan benefited from increased trades connected to corporate clients who took advantage of a dip in long-term interest rates in the middle of the quarter to raise debt. "Everything was set up for the corporation side to be very active and that's why the universal banks have done a lot better than what you would call the more brokerage type banks," Mosby said. By contrast, many of Goldman's institutional clients pulled back from trading. While enthusiastic about the broad pro-business bent of President Donald Trump's administration, brokerages also see question marks around what the Trump agenda will mean on the ground and when, Mosby said. "There was no clear path," Mosby said, and "it still created every bit as much uncertainty as last year, when everyone thought we were going to fall off the edge into the energy recession." 0 0 Goldman Sachs shares fall as profits up less than expected was posted in business of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on April 19, 2017 and was last updated on April 19, 2017. This news story is related to Business, Business News, Geo News, Latest Business News. Permanent link to the news story "Goldman Sachs shares fall as profits up less than expected" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/138635-Goldman-Sachs-shares-fall-as-profits-up-less-than-expected. More From Business: April 21, 2017 PSX sees robust trading after putting Panama worries behind April 21, 2017 German finance minister calls on US to stay engaged in global economy April 20, 2017 Pakistan's 100 Index closes up over 1,000 points after Panama case ruling April 20, 2017 Moderate rise in US economy, but job shortages spread: Fed April 19, 2017 IMF urges countries to use fiscal policy wisely amid uncertainty April 19, 2017 No time to wallow, just run with mired feathers April 18, 2017 Netflix growth misses mark despite strong earnings April 17, 2017 World Bank predicts Pakistan economy to grow at 5.2% in 2017 Latest News 15 minutes ago Chaos erupts in NA as opposition demands PM’s resignation 18 minutes ago PSX sees robust trading after putting Panama worries behind 19 minutes ago Imran Khan announces rally in Islamabad next Friday to demand PM's resignation 1 hour ago Ali Musa Gilani indicted in ephedrine quota case 1 hour ago Panama verdict: PML-N observes ‘Thanksgiving’, PTI marks ‘Day of Riddance’ 1 hour ago Turkey's Erdogan to meet US President Trump on May 16-17 GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS Daily Sabah > Business Close Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration REUTERS CARACAS Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE U.S. President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump dance at the Freedom Ball in Washington D.C. on Jan. 20. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Business Tourist numbers from Britain to Turkey could increase by 30 percent... Next in Business Leonid Mikhelson (above), co-owner of Russian gas producer Novatek,... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Foreign investors expect swift realization of reforms Borsa Istanbul plans to begin trading shares of top rated TV series 'Diriliş Ertuğrul' Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
Fiji Time: 7:06 PM on Friday 21 April Home Politics Local Sport World Letters Editorial Nai Lalakai Business Features Classifieds Weather Gallery Archives / Front page / Business Back to basics Reuters Friday, April 21, 2017 WITH dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focused more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 per cent. Back to top Fiji Times & Kaila Frontpage PDF Downloads Use the free Acrobat Reader to view. Code Inward TTs Outward TTs CAD 0.6541 0.6351 JPY 53.6911 50.6911 GBP 0.3774 0.3694 EUR 0.4525 0.4405 NZD 0.6988 0.6658 AUD 0.6479 0.6229 USD 0.4874 0.4704 from FJD to VUVFJD to TOPFJD to SBDFJD to WSTFJD to PGKFJD to XPFFJD to CHFFJD to SEKFJD to LKRFJD to ZARFJD to PHPFJD to PKRFJD to NOKFJD to INRFJD to DKKFJD to CADFJD to HKDFJD to SGDFJD to JPYFJD to GBPFJD to EURFJD to CNYFJD to NZDFJD to AUDFJD to USD VUV to FJDTOP to FJDSBD to FJDWST to FJDPGK to FJDXPF to FJDCHF to FJDSEK to FJDLKR to FJDZAR to FJDPHP to FJDPKR to FJDNOK to FJDINR to FJDDKK to FJDCAD to FJDHKD to FJDSGD to FJDJPY to FJDGBP to FJDEUR to FJDCNY to FJDNZD to FJDAUD to FJDUSD to FJD $0.00 Exchange Rate updated on 21st, April, 2017 Today's Most Read Stories Cokes17: RKS, ACS maintain lead Rabuka: Pio no threat Cokes17: Small schools divide medal count Cokes17: Lane allocation clarified 'Wrong drug given' Cokes17: Thirty six gold medals and blue ribbon Cokes17: 100m finals looms New coin, note commemorates 7s Olympics victory Record broken Cokes17: 800m in heats for the first time Top Stories this Week Death sparks anger Wednesday (19 Apr) Students question Attorney-General on salaries of ministers Tuesday (18 Apr) 'Not true', says mum Saturday (15 Apr) Snake find sparks fear among residents Sunday (16 Apr) Cokes17: Maia breaks record Thursday (20 Apr) Ministry looks into couple's concerns Monday (17 Apr) Money and gold Tuesday (18 Apr) Pio opens up Monday (17 Apr) Family travels for the love of Fijian rugby Saturday (15 Apr) Search party finds wreck Tuesday (18 Apr) Contact Fiji Times Advertise with Us Google+ Copyright © 2014, Fiji Times Limited. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Terms of Use Site Feedback
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments600+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business ‘Fearless Girl’ ignites debate about art, Wall Street and the lack of female executives The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The "Fearless Girl" statue stands facing the "Charging Bull" as tourists take pictures in New York, (Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images) By Renae Merle By Renae Merle April 20 at 6:38 PM Follow @renaemerle NEW YORK — After the 1987 stock market crash, sculptor Arturo Di Modica spent two years and $300,000 secretly working on a gift he hoped would lift the spirits of a demoralized city. He deposited the 11-foot, 3-ton “Charging Bull” statue in front of the New York Stock Exchange in the middle of a wintry night. Today, that icon of Wall Street prosperity is staring down another statue that has become a potent symbol in its own right — a petite girl in high-top sneakers. The “Fearless Girl,” fists curled at her sides and face held high in seeming defiance of the giant bull galloping before her, has drawn international attention since it was unveiled last month and tapped into growing frustration around the struggle female executives face rising into leadership positions, particularly on Wall Street. Di Modica sees something else: “Fearless Girl,” he argues, has turned his bull into a symbol of male chauvinism. His attorneys said he may sue if the statue isn’t removed. But the city isn’t budging, and the standoff has turned into a high-profile debate over the role of public art, intertwined with visceral feelings about Wall Street and the role of women. The origins of the two works of art could not be more different. “Fearless Girl” belongs to one of the largest banks in the world, Boston-based State Street, which commissioned the work last year as part of an advertising campaign. The statue, the bank says, is part of an effort to use its financial might to encourage companies to put women in more prominent leadership positions. (It initially included a plaque that mentioned one of the bank’s funds.) A battle is heating up between two iconic New York statues, the legendary "Charging Bull" and new kid on the block "Fearless Girl," with gender equality, artistic integrity and copyright issues at stake. (Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images) Di Modica says his statue was a work of conviction. The 76-year-old gray-bearded sculptor has generated some sympathy, particularly from other artists. Gabriel Koren, whose bronze sculpture of Frederick Douglass looks into Harlem from Central Park, says she would be offended by another artist placing a competing piece of art near her creation without permission. “Every sculpture needs space. That is the nature of sculpture,” she said. “If you put something else there, it changes it.” “Fearless Girl,” she said, is “cute,” but “you don’t stand up for women’s rights at the expense of the artist’s rights. Each right is equally important. I am saying this as a woman.” Yet others say the meaning of Di Modica’s bull began to change long before “Fearless Girl” arrived. During the height of the Occupy Wall Street protests, New York City police put barricades around the statue to protect it from demonstrators. “Let’s be blunt, the ‘Charging Bull’ is a celebration of unfettered capitalism,” New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said recently on WYNC’s “The Brian Lehrer Show.” “You could say it is about the spirit of optimism, sure — that’s what the artist was thinking, that’s great. But it is a symbol of Wall Street. And Wall Street, to say the least, is a double-edge sword.” This comes as the financial industry struggles to shed its reputation as a boys club where women struggle to succeed. None of the country’s megabanks, such as JPMorgan, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs, are led by women. Even State Street has been forced to acknowledge its own shortfalls — the bank only has three women on its 11-member board of directors and five women on its 28-member leadership team. “We ourselves are being challenged on how do we help address” the lack of women in leadership positions, said Stephen Tisdalle, chief of marketing at State Street Global Advisors, a subsidiary of the bank. “We’re taking a very humble approach to this.” “Fearless Girl,” the bank says, was not meant to change the meaning of the bull statue but to create a potent symbol to show that women can — and should — be an important part of the financial sector. “A growing market is exactly what we want to have happen,” Tisdalle said. “The question is who provides the talent and who provides the leadership to fuel that growing market, and we believe that women do.” ‘I am not against women’ The city has refused to remove the statue, which has a permit to stay put for another year.When asked for comment, de Blasio’s office pointed to a series of tweets the Democrat issued after Di Modica complained the new statue violated his rights. “Men who don’t like women taking up space are exactly why we need the Fearless Girl,” he said in one tweet. In another, he said, “We wouldn’t move the Charging Bull statue if it offended someone. The Fearless Girl is staying put.” Years before Di Modica donated his iconic statue, he had developed a reputation for foisting gifts on New York that the city didn’t want. In 1977, again in the middle of the night, he reportedly dropped several marble statues in front of Rockefeller Center and in 1986 he sneaked a big bronze horse in front of Lincoln Center. Di Modica, who is from Sicily, created “Charging Bull” in his Lower Manhattan loft, then had it bronzed in a Brooklyn factory. Friends helped him put the black-patina bull in a truck and maneuver it into place with a crane in front of the New York Stock Exchange. Unimpressed city officials initially evicted the statue, calling it a traffic hazard and a nuisance before relenting under public pressure and moving it two blocks away. “There it stood for 30 years and it became a very popular icon. It has been said that the bull is the most visited statue in New York next to the Statue of Liberty,” said Marc Gordon, a partner at Spacesmith, an architecture firm two blocks from New York’s Bowling Green Park, where the battle over the dueling statues is taking place. Di Modica has repeatedly fought to protect the statue’s reputation. He sued Walmart and several other companies for using the bull’s image in advertisements. When Random House put a picture of “Charging Bull” on the cover of a book about the fall of Lehman Brothers, Di Modica complained again. The bull, he has said, is not only among his most meaningful work, but a symbol of prosperity that transcends gender. “I am not against women,” he said at a news conference this month in which he appeared frail and was surrounded by his attorneys. “I am against this advertising trick.” Di Modica owns the copyright to the statue’s image, his attorney Normal Siegel said. But it unclear whether he makes money from the reproduction of its images. Di Modica’s attorneys said the artist was not available for comment. “Fearless Girl,” meanwhile, is the byproduct of State Street’s aggressive effort to address concerns raised by one of its biggest customers: the California State Teachers’ Retirement System, the nation’s second-largest public pension fund. The fund, known as CalSTRS, had become concerned that more women were not represented on company boards and leadership teams. “Wall Street got started under Alexander Hamilton, and it was almost exclusively a province of males and it has just continued that way,” said New York University financial historian Richard Sylla. State Street began looking for ways to invest in companies that had women in prominent positions and settled on exchange-traded funds, which are popular with mom-and-pop investors. The typical fund tracks a basket of stocks, allowing the investor to follow their ups and downs without buying each stock individually. State Street’s fund, known as SHE, tracks the stock of more than 100 companies that the bank says do the best job in their industries of putting women in leadership positions. Companies with diverse leadership teams perform better over the long term and make better investments, the bank says. SHE was launched last year with more than $200 million in assets from CalSTRS, but State Street wanted to broaden its audience and began working with McCann New York on a way to draw attention to the effort. The bank says it considered several options before commissioning Delaware artist Kristen Visbal to build a sculpture that would stand in front of Wall Street’s famous bull in time for International Women’s Day on March 8. “It could have been a woman [instead of a girl], but there is something about the future in young people. We wanted a symbol that could represent today and tomorrow,” Tisdalle said. The statue immediately developed a cult following — and SHE has received a boost from investors. At the spot where tourists have spent decades rubbing the nose of “Charging Bull” and climbing onto its horns, suddenly “Fearless Girl” fans were jockeying for the best position for a selfieSen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) posted a picture of herself with the pint-sized statue recently and De Blasio bent his more than 6-foot frame nearly in half to get into the perfect frame. “Fearless Girl’s” many fans say Di Modica’s concerns are misguided. The new statue “does not detract from Charging Bull and all that work stands for but, rather, calls for collaboration between men and women in decision making,” Visbal said in an email. “There is room for both sculptures at Bowling Green Park and to deny Fearless Girl a presence is to deny women increased visibility in business.” business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 600+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Renae Merle covers white collar crime and Wall Street for The Washington Post. Follow @renaemerle 620 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Why Verizon is losing more cellphone customers than ever 2 Analysis Trump to sign actions on taxes, Wall Street regulation 3 ‘Fearless Girl’ ignites debate about art, Wall Street and the lack of female executives 4 Venezuela opposition plans silent procession, road sit-ins 5 Analysis 11 charts that show marijuana has truly gone mainstream The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.85% NASDAQ 0.92% Get quote Last Update: 04/21/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Azul Announces Closing of its Global Offering SÃO PAULO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Azul S.A., or Azul, (SAO: AZUL4) (NYSE: AZUL), announced today the closing of its previously-announced initial public offering of 96,239,837 of its preferred shares, of which 63,000,000 preferred shares were offered by Azul and 33,239,837 preferred shares were offered by the selling shareholders in a global offering, consisting of an international offering and a Brazilian offering. The preferred shares were offered directly and in the form of American depositary shares, or ADSs, each of which represents three preferred shares. The Brazilian offering of 22,439,837 preferred shares closed on April 13, 2017 and the international offering of 21,000,000 ADSs (representing 63,000,000 preferred shares) closed on April 17, 2017. The selling shareholders also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 10,800,000 additional preferred shares, which was exercised on April 13, 2017 and closed April 19, 2017. The initial offering price was R$21.00 per preferred share and US$20.06 per ADS. Shares have been traded on the São Paulo Stock Exchange (BM&FBOVESPA) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) since April 11, 2017, under the symbols „AZUL4” and „AZUL”, respectively. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Santander Investment Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Raymond James & Associates, Inc., collectively acted as international underwriters with respect to the offering of the ADSs and, together with Safra Securities LLC and Bradesco Securities Inc., as agents on behalf of the Brazilian underwriters with respect to the offering of preferred shares sold outside of Brazil. Banco Itaú BBA S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Brasil, Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., Deutsche Bank S.A. – Banco Alemão, BB – Banco de Investimento S.A., Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A., Banco J.P. Morgan S.A. and Banco J. Safra S.A. collectively acted as Brazilian underwriters with respect to the sale of preferred shares in the public offering in Brazil. A registration statement on Form F-1, as amended, relating to the offering was previously filed with, and declared effective by, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The final prospectus has been filed with the SEC and is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: +1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free); Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, by telephone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com; and Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Attention: Steven M. Hurwitz, 767 Fifth Avenue 50th Floor, New York, NY 10153, by telephone at + 1 (212) 710-6734, or by email at steven.hurwitz@itaubba.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification under the securities laws of that state or jurisdiction. This press release includes estimates and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. These estimates and forward-looking statements are based mainly on our current expectations and estimates of future events and trends that affect or may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, prospects and the trading price of our preferred shares, including in the form of ADSs. Although we believe that these estimates and forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, they are subject to many significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are made in light of information currently available to us. In addition, in this presentation, the words “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should” and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Neither Azul nor the selling shareholders undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any forward-looking statements after we distribute this press release because of new information, future events or other factors. Our independent public auditors have neither examined nor compiled the forward-looking statements and, accordingly, do not provide any assurance with respect to such statements. In light of the risks and uncertainties described above, the future events and circumstances discussed in this prospectus might not occur and are not guarantees of future performance. Because of these uncertainties, you should not make any investment decision based upon these estimates and forward-looking statements. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences an Investigation into the Proposed Sale of KCG Holdings, Inc. and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm for Additional Information Next PostNext Global Urinary Slings Market CAGR of 10.12% during 2017-2021-Industry Analysis, Geographical Segmentation, Drivers, Challenges, Trend & Forecasts Search Recent Posts Automotive Daytime Running Lamps Market to Register Steady Growth During 2016 – 2026 Karaoke Player Global Market Major Manufacturers, Trends, Demand, Share Analysis to 2021 Führendes Unternehmen für künstliche Intelligenz, Digital Reasoning, ernennt Brett Jackson zum CEO. Ziel ist die Beschleunigung des Unternehmensaachstums. Republic Airways Plan of Reorganization Receives Final Approval Good Autumn Conditions Benefit Rural Real Estate Market Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,579 +174.22 +0.85% Nasdaq 5,917 +53.74 +0.92% S&P 500 2,356 +17.67 +0.76% 3:04 A.M. ET WS Atkins jumps 4.2% after accepting SNC-Lavalin takeover bid 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,034.54 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,122.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 5,060.49 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.10 2:53 A.M. ET Updated Here’s a sign euro traders are dangerously complacent about the French election 2:41 A.M. ET SSAB swings to profit; sees higher demand ahead 2:40 A.M. ET Philips Lighting profit up 17%; holds margin view 2:39 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser revenue boosted by forex rates 2:39 A.M. ET Arkansas carries out first of eight planned executions 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil 2:33 A.M. ET Updated When are the French election results out on Sunday? 1:27 A.M. ET Oil prices steady as investors watch for OPEC signals 1:00 A.M. ET Updated Gunman slain after killing Paris police officer; Islamic State claims credit 12:09 A.M. ET Updated Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/20 BHP Billiton plans $204M expansion of coal mine 4/20 Led by Nikkei, Asian markets build on overnight gains 4/20 Elon Musk reveals Neuralink plans, including his third CEO role 4/20 When dumb things happen to smart investors 4/20 Trump: Iran ‘not living up to the spirit’ of nuclear deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Azul Announces Closing of its Global Offering By Published: Apr 20, 2017 6:06 p.m. ET Share S�O PAULO, Apr 20, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Azul S.A., or Azul, (sao:AZUL4) AZUL, -0.92% announced today the closing of its previously-announced initial public offering of 96,239,837 of its preferred shares, of which 63,000,000 preferred shares were offered by Azul and 33,239,837 preferred shares were offered by the selling shareholders in a global offering, consisting of an international offering and a Brazilian offering. The preferred shares were offered directly and in the form of American depositary shares, or ADSs, each of which represents three preferred shares. The Brazilian offering of 22,439,837 preferred shares closed on April 13, 2017 and the international offering of 21,000,000 ADSs (representing 63,000,000 preferred shares) closed on April 17, 2017. The selling shareholders also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 10,800,000 additional preferred shares, which was exercised on April 13, 2017 and closed April 19, 2017. The initial offering price was R$21.00 per preferred share and US$20.06 per ADS. Shares have been traded on the S�o Paulo Stock Exchange (BM&FBOVESPA) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) since April 11, 2017, under the symbols "AZUL4" and "AZUL", respectively. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Banco do Brasil Securities LLC, Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Santander Investment Securities Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Raymond James & Associates, Inc., collectively acted as international underwriters with respect to the offering of the ADSs and, together with Safra Securities LLC and Bradesco Securities Inc., as agents on behalf of the Brazilian underwriters with respect to the offering of preferred shares sold outside of Brazil. Banco Itaú BBA S.A., Citigroup Global Markets Brasil, Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliàrios S.A., Deutsche Bank S.A. – Banco Alem�o, BB – Banco de Investimento S.A., Banco Bradesco BBI S.A., Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A., Banco J.P. Morgan S.A. and Banco J. Safra S.A. collectively acted as Brazilian underwriters with respect to the sale of preferred shares in the public offering in Brazil. A registration statement on Form F-1, as amended, relating to the offering was previously filed with, and declared effective by, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The final prospectus has been filed with the SEC and is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, telephone: +1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free); Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, by telephone at 1-800-503-4611, or by email at prospectus.cpdg@db.com; and Itau BBA USA Securities, Inc., Attention: Steven M. Hurwitz, 767 Fifth Avenue 50th Floor, New York, NY 10153, by telephone at + 1 (212) 710-6734, or by email at steven.hurwitz@itaubba.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification under the securities laws of that state or jurisdiction. This press release includes estimates and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. These estimates and forward-looking statements are based mainly on our current expectations and estimates of future events and trends that affect or may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, prospects and the trading price of our preferred shares, including in the form of ADSs. Although we believe that these estimates and forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, they are subject to many significant risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are made in light of information currently available to us. In addition, in this presentation, the words “may,” “will,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “should” and similar words are intended to identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Neither Azul nor the selling shareholders undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any forward-looking statements after we distribute this press release because of new information, future events or other factors. Our independent public auditors have neither examined nor compiled the forward-looking statements and, accordingly, do not provide any assurance with respect to such statements. In light of the risks and uncertainties described above, the future events and circumstances discussed in this prospectus might not occur and are not guarantees of future performance. Because of these uncertainties, you should not make any investment decision based upon these estimates and forward-looking statements. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170420006652/en/ SOURCE: Azul S.A. Azul S.A. Investor Relations Andrea Bottcher, +55 11 4831 2880 Invest@voeazul.com.br or Azul Brazilian Airlines Press Relations, +55 (11) 4831 1245 Mobile: +55 (11) 9 8196-1035 imprensa@voeazul.com.br Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References AZUL -0.21 -0.92% Most Popular One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt Here’s what Venezuela’s deepening crisis means for oil prices This city has the most heavily indebted homeowners in America The future of video games may be a full-body experience MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Azul S.A. ADR U.S.: NYSE: AZUL $22.72 -0.21 (-0.92%) Volume 706.1K Open $23.18 High $23.21 Low $22.44 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.4B
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Editas Medicine Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Corecivic Inc (CXW) Stake Cut by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Position in Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NUS) Western Gas Equity Partners LP (WGP) Stake Cut by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Acquires New Stake in ILG Inc (ILG) Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (CTBI) Stake Increased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Columbia Pipeline Partners LP (CPPL) Stake Increased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Pacific Continental Co. (PCBK) Stake Increased by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Increases Position in MCBC Holdings Inc (MCFT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $9.581 Million Stake in HomeStreet Inc (HMST) Atlassian Co. PLC (TEAM) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.10 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) to Post -$0.63 EPS Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $377.739 Million Stake in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Shares Sold by First Allied Advisory Services Inc. Meridian Wealth Management LLC Acquires New Position in International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Visa Inc (V) Shares Sold by Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Co. International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Shares Bought by Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Employees Retirement System of Texas Sells 145,400 Shares of Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Cim Investment Mangement Inc. Purchases 270 Shares of AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Pacad Investment Ltd. Invests $2.4 Million in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Diligent Investors LLC Buys Shares of 431 Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) to Post -$0.63 EPS April 20th, 2017 - By Amy Steele - 0 comments Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Wall Street brokerages forecast that Editas Medicine Inc (NASDAQ:EDIT) will post earnings per share of ($0.63) for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Two analysts have made estimates for Editas Medicine’s earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at ($0.42) and the lowest estimate coming in at ($0.77). Editas Medicine reported earnings per share of ($0.80) in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year over year growth rate of 21.3%. The company is expected to announce its next quarterly earnings report on Monday, May 15th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Editas Medicine will report full-year earnings of ($2.61) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($3.20) to ($1.68). For the next year, analysts expect that the business will post earnings of ($2.67) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($3.37) to ($1.82). Zacks’ earnings per share averages are an average based on a survey of research firms that follow Editas Medicine. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 7th. The company reported ($1.10) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.62) by $0.48. The business earned $0.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.11 million. Editas Medicine had a negative net margin of 1,184.46% and a negative return on equity of 59.22%. During the same period last year, the company earned ($4.05) earnings per share. EDIT has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Editas Medicine from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $35.00 target price on Editas Medicine and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a report on Sunday, February 19th. Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Vetr raised Editas Medicine from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $27.14 target price for the company in a report on Monday, March 20th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $27.79. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) traded down 0.26% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $19.20. 348,463 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is $688.13 million. Editas Medicine has a 12-month low of $12.43 and a 12-month high of $41.24. The company has a 50 day moving average of $21.88 and a 200-day moving average of $18.17. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/04/20/zacks-analysts-anticipate-editas-medicine-inc-edit-to-post-0-63-eps.html. In other news, COO Alexandra Glucksmann sold 1,000 shares of Editas Medicine stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.41, for a total transaction of $26,410.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 118,788 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,137,191.08. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, CFO Andrew A. F. Hack sold 3,000 shares of Editas Medicine stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.20, for a total value of $57,600.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 3,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $57,600. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 10,000 shares of company stock valued at $207,490. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. TD Asset Management Inc. increased its position in Editas Medicine by 148.0% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 30,970 shares of the company’s stock valued at $417,000 after buying an additional 18,483 shares during the period. Victory Capital Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the third quarter valued at $299,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter valued at $284,000. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Editas Medicine by 2.4% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 105,167 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,708,000 after buying an additional 2,476 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Foresite Capital Management III LLC purchased a new position in shares of Editas Medicine during the fourth quarter valued at $4,462,000. 60.89% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Editas Medicine Company Profile Editas Medicine, Inc is a genome editing company. It is engaged in treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing genes. It operates through developing and commercializing genome editing technology segment. It is developing a genome editing platform based on clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR) technology. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Editas Medicine (EDIT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Stock Ratings for Editas Medicine Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Economy Economy TrendingBombardier | Taxes | Brexit | NAFTA | Canadian dollar | Family Finance Currency traders spot fatal flaw in Republicans’ border tax plan Andrea Wong, Bloomberg News | April 19, 2017 10:05 AM ET More from Bloomberg News Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon In Washington D.C., one of the selling points of an ambitious border-tax plan rests on a key economic assumption: The dollar will appreciate enough to offset any increase in the cost of cheap, imported goods that so many Americans have come to rely on. It’s just Econ 101, backed by well-established macroeconomic theory. But on Wall Street, traders and strategists who make a living in the $5.1-trillion-a-day currency market say such notions are preposterous. Even if congressional Republicans can set aside their differences to pass the proposed border-adjusted tax — a prospect that seems more remote with each passing day — you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone in the market who believes it will result in the greenback strengthening 25 percent, as the plan suggests. Part of the reason has to do with what they see as a misinterpretation of the underlying theory when applied to the real world. But just as important is the fundamental failure of politicians to appreciate how unpredictable the vast, foreign-exchange market can be, especially when global economic drivers collide and trillions of dollars change hands every day. “The FX market is the most difficult thing to forecast, and to build an inter-generational tax reform based on the assumption of what the FX market will do is a laughable notion,” David Woo, the head of global rates and FX strategy at Bank of America, said in a Bloomberg TV interview. Related Someone tried to own ‘take off, eh’: Secrets from the Canadian trademarks database John Ivison: Whoops! Liberals might have peaked too early on the economy How the dollar responds is certain to have consequences that extend far beyond the currency market. If it fails to appreciate as Republicans expect, consumers and retailers that rely on imported goods (think Wal-Mart and Best Buy) will be hard hit and slow economic growth. Currency appreciation is also a key political defense in arguing the plan — which taxes imports and exempts exports — isn’t protectionist and doesn’t violate World Trade Organization rules, as a stronger dollar levels the playing field between foreign and domestic products. In fact, the dollar has given up most of its gains since the November election, which gave Donald Trump and the Republicans control of both the White House and Congress, partly as hopes for a quick passage of a comprehensive tax reform bill waned. For Woo, it all boils down to simple math. Daily trading of goods and services between the U.S. and the rest of the world averages about $14 billion. That amounts to 0.3 percent of the $4.4 trillion in dollars transacted in the global currency market each day. In short, little more than rounding error. Much of the ebb and flow in currencies are dictated by the vagaries of traders as they respond to changes in monetary policy, economic growth and political risk. At times, it can cause the dollar to veer away from levels that economists would consider rational using measures like purchasing power parity. To think that the dollar simply turns on trade policy would be naïve at best, Woo says. Strong Assumptions Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has voiced similar concerns. “There is more than trade that affects a country’s exchange rate,” Yellen said in congressional testimony in February. “A strong set of assumptions is needed to believe that markets would fully offset those changes” caused by the border-adjusted tax. To be fair, it’s not as if House Republican leaders are just making it up. The plan’s assumptions about the dollar — that it will rise just enough to bring down after-tax import prices relative to locally produced goods — are rooted in a macroeconomic principle popularized by John Maynard Keynes in the late 1930s known as the “national income identity.” In its simplest form, it describes how a country such as the U.S. that saves less than it invests must automatically run a trade deficit. With a proposed border tax of 20 percent, the U.S. currency would then have to appreciate 25 percent to restore the trade balance by increasing the purchasing power of the dollars used to buy imports, and reducing the competitiveness of American exports. Real World House Speaker Paul Ryan, a key proponent of the Republican border tax proposal, said in February that the dollar’s rise is “obvious and mathematical.” Spokeswoman AshLee Strong pointed to those remarks when asked to comment for this story. It’s all straightforward in theory, but in the real world, it’s anything but. According to JPMorgan Chase, adoption of a border tax could trigger tensions with trading partners or outright retaliation. What’s more, the appreciation that Republicans promise may be delivered in the form of inflation instead of a stronger dollar. That happens when retailers pass on the tax to consumers or when sellers of locally produced goods raise prices to take advantage of increased demand. So it’s really the inflation-adjusted dollar (often known as the real exchange rate) that adjusts rather than the nominal rate, which JPMorgan estimates may rise as little as 6 percent versus major trading partners. “The theory is only sound as it describes the real exchange rate, not the nominal exchange rate,” said Daniel Hui, a global FX strategist at JPMorgan. Known Unknown Of course, there’s no way to know for certain how currencies will respond to a border tax because no system in the world is quite like it. And economists from Alan Auerbach of the University of California at Berkeley, to those at the Peterson Institute for International Economics point to a provision in the tax proposal that allows U.S. manufacturers to deduct the wages they pay from their taxable income, which could lessen consumer-price pressures and instead may lead to a stronger dollar. “A wide range of respected economists believe that the dollar will appreciate substantially and quickly,” said Emily Schillinger, a spokeswoman for Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee. “Additionally, our pro-growth tax reform plan will create jobs, grow our economy and ensure that Americans’ dollars go further.” To UBS Wealth Management’s Thomas Flury, a number of risks could ultimately weaken the dollar. If local manufacturers fail to grab market share from importers, economic output could slow and force the Fed to ease up on the pace of its interest-rate hikes. Americans may just end up spending less. The dollar depends on “how the Fed reacts,” said Flury, the global head of currency strategy at UBS’s Chief Investment Office. “At least in the beginning of the transition, you have to expect slower growth.” With assistance from Lynnley Browning Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Economy, News, S&P Find a Story Stock Search News Videos Featured Contributor Drew Hasselbach Economics Reporter Read Drew's recent articles Pam Heaven Economy News Producer Read Pam's recent articles Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC RADAR: Strong thunderstorms and heavy rain hitting parts of the Central US Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Alpacas graze at the Stargazer ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Penguin cam at the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Interest groups donated to Trump's record-breaking inauguration fund By MARIAM KHAN Close Follow on Twitter More from Mariam Apr 20, 2017, 5:29 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayGetty Images WATCH Inauguration of Brand New Administration 0 Shares Email A record-breaking $107 million poured in for President Trump’s inauguration celebration from corporate giants, business titans and a roster of NFL owners, raising new questions about the influence of money in politics. On Tuesday, the 58th Presidential Inaugural Committee (PIC), an organization appointed by the President-elect to plan and coordinate all inauguration activities, filed a 510-page report with the Federal Election Committee (FEC) to disclose that they had raised a staggering $106.7 million in donations -- the most ever raised for a president’s inauguration. In a statement, the inaugural committee said Trump's inauguration "was one of the most accessible and affordable inaugurations for the public in recent history." The release of the contribution records reveals that Trump’s top inaugural donors included business leaders and corporations, including several from the financial, energy, and technology sector that have business dealings with the U.S. government. "This is the complete opposite of what candidate Trump campaigned on, where he attacked these huge corporations, made clear they could buy politicians because he had done so, and is the political equivalent of overflowing the swamp not draining it," said Fred Wertheimer, president of Democracy21, a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that works on money in politics and government reform issues. He added that the report shows that Trump appears to have raised "influence money," despite his campaign promises to avoid special interests. The White House did not immediately return ABC News' request for comment Businesses that donated at least $1 million included Boeing, Dow Chemical, Pfizer and Bank of America. Other financial companies like JPMorgan Chase and American Financial Group gave $500,000 each. Energy companies also contributed heavily. Chevron Products, Exxon and Citgo each donated more than $500,000. The owners of NFL teams the New England Patriots, the Jacksonville Jaguars, Los Angeles Rams, Houston Texans and the Washington Redskins all wrote $1 million checks for Trump’s inauguration. Trump’s largest donor was gambling billionaire Sheldon Adelson, who gave $5 million. The FEC requires reporting of individual donations, in money or items, with a value of $200 or more made to inaugural committees. However, where the money was spent and how it was used is still a mystery since the FEC does not require that information to be reported. The big-money donations appear to counter Trump's own statements. In August of last year, Trump railed against big-money donors who seek to curry favor with elected politicians. "Look, I know the people that want something. I’ve been doing this all my life. I’ve been a very big contributor to many, many people on all sides for many, many years," Trump stated on CBS’s "Face the Nation." "I don’t want lobbyists. I don’t want special interests.” According to a brochure obtained by the Center For Public Integrity last year, those who donated more than $1 million received exclusive access to Cabinet appointees and House and Senate leadership; an invite to an "intimate dinner" with Vice President Mike Pence and Mrs. Pence and tickets to other exclusive events with appearances by the First Family. Trump’s inaugural committee raised nearly double the $53 million President Obama’s inaugural committee raised in 2009. "The amount of funds raised for the inaugural celebration allowed the President to give the American people, those both at home and visiting Washington, a chance to experience the incredible moment in our democracy where we witness the peaceful transition of power, a cornerstone of American democracy," said PIC Chairman Tom Barrack in a press release Tuesday. On Wednesday during the White House press briefing, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called record-smashing donating “nonpartisan activity.” "I think a lot of Americans and companies and entities are proud to support the inaugural," he said. "And I think that you’ve seen that over time, the people who have been -- there are a lot of people who really take pride in helping us show the world a peaceful transformation of power." The committee said that any leftover money will be donated to charities to be decided upon and announced at a later date. Wertheimer said the undisclosed amount of funds could be a "pot of secret money for President Trump to play with," if the total is taxed. "There are no rules that apply to what can happen to this money," Wertheimer said. "There is nothing to prevent this secret money from being turned into personal use by someone as long as they pay income taxes on it." ABC News' Ali Rogin contributed to this report. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Interest groups donated to Trump's record-breaking inauguration fund " Hospitalized George H.W. Bush gets 'big morale boost' " DNC head says Democrats will be a 'big tent party,' build a presence 'in every zip code' in 2018 " Trump nominates Scott Brown amid Fox News misconduct allegations " Trump welcomes Sarah Palin, Kid Rock and Ted Nugent to the Oval Office " Trump: Iran 'not living up to the spirit' of nuclear deal " Republicans float health care compromise before Trump's 100-day mark " President Trump's history with Judge Gonzalo Curiel " Trump calls Canada's dairy trade policies a 'disgrace' " Trump administration's stance on marijuana use clouded in mystery " The Note: A Curiel coincidence " Pence: US not seeking North Korea negotiations " Obama wades into French election before Sunday vote " US authorities debating charges against Assange " 2 Seattle officers shot while responding to robbery " Teen battling cancer decides to 'take control,' shaves head before chemo " Texas cop plays hopscotch with young girl during his break " School rallies behind beloved crossing guard as she battles cancer " Waitress gets big tip to help pay for hearing aids " Brave beaver herds confused cattle in Canada " Tax refund vacations: 8 alluring trips
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AO World PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AO World PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.28 EPS Expected for First Horizon National Corp (FHN) This Quarter AO World PLC (AO) Receives GBX 163 Consensus PT from Analysts ResMed Inc. (RMD) Position Held by Bright Rock Capital Management LLC Bright Rock Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Gentex Co. (GNTX) Bright Rock Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) West Coast Financial LLC Increases Stake in Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) Western Gas Partners, LP (WES) Position Maintained by Huntington Steele LLC West Coast Financial LLC Invests $200,000 in Unilever plc (UL) Huntington Steele LLC Has $175,000 Stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Bright Rock Capital Management LLC Has $2,232,000 Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Federated Enhanced Treasury Income Fund (FTT) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Frontline (FRO) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports FS Bancorp (FSBW) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Community Bankers Trust Corp. (ESXB) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.38 14.9% Stake of Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) Held by Domain Partners Viii, L.P. NuStar GP Holdings, LLC (NSH) Position Maintained by Selz Capital LLC University of Texas Investment Managment Co. Has $3,911,000 Position in Aeglea Bio Therapeutics Inc (AGLE) Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Shares Sold by Oakbrook Investments LLC Brokerages Set Everest Re Group Ltd (RE) PT at $210.00 Brokerages Expect City Holding Company (CHCO) to Announce $0.81 EPS AO World PLC (AO) Receives GBX 163 Consensus PT from Analysts April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of AO World PLC (LON:AO) have received an average recommendation of “Hold” from the six analysts that are covering the firm. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12-month price target among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 163 ($2.05). AO has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price objective on shares of AO World PLC from GBX 200 ($2.52) to GBX 140 ($1.76) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Numis Securities Ltd restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 250 ($3.15) price objective on shares of AO World PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Shore Capital restated a “hold” rating on shares of AO World PLC in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Morgan Stanley cut shares of AO World PLC to an “underweight” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from GBX 170 ($2.14) to GBX 135 ($1.70) in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Panmure Gordon restated a “sell” rating and set a GBX 123 ($1.55) price objective on shares of AO World PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/ao-world-plc-ao-receives-gbx-163-consensus-pt-from-analysts.html. In other AO World PLC news, insider Geoff Cooper bought 28,573 shares of AO World PLC stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 140 ($1.76) per share, for a total transaction of £40,002.20 ($50,348.90). Also, insider Chris Hopkinson bought 754,716 shares of AO World PLC stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 30th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 133 ($1.67) per share, with a total value of £1,003,772.28 ($1,263,401.23). AO World PLC (LON:AO) traded down 1.46% on Monday, reaching GBX 135.00. 314,483 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. AO World PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 119.60 and a 12-month high of GBX 192.30. The stock’s market cap is GBX 568.42 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 141.97 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 162.20. About AO World PLC AO World Plc is an online retailer of electrical products. The Company operates through two segments: online retailing of domestic appliances to customers in the UK, and online retailing of domestic appliances to customers in Europe (excluding the United Kingdom). The Company offers over 5,500 stock keeping units (SKUs) in the United Kingdom, approximately 2,000 in Germany and over 600 in the Netherlands. Receive News & Ratings for AO World PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AO World PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump’s Pick to Regulate Banks Is Hardly a Shake-up Utah investor Randal Quarles is a veteran of both Bush administrations and no Fed stalker. by Peter Coy @petercoy More stories by Peter Coy April 20, 2017, 2:17 PM EDT From Subscribe Reprints Quarles. Photographer: Chris Goodney/Bloomberg The populist, end-the-Fed wing of the Republican Party isn’t going to like President Trump’s choice for the critical job of overseeing bank regulation at the Federal Reserve. Randal Quarles, who founded and runs a Utah investment firm named Cynosure Group, is a Wall Street lawyer who worked for both Bush presidents and is married to a member of the powerful and wealthy Eccles family—as in Marriner Eccles, who was chairman of the Federal Reserve from 1934 to 1948. In other words, Quarles, 59, is an important part of the GOP’s financial establishment. Not exactly the type to walk into the Fed’s headquarters—aka the Marriner S. Eccles Federal Reserve Board Building—and start channeling Ron or Rand Paul, the father-son anti-Fed duo. “Whatever else he would be, I don’t think he would be a disrupter of the Federal Reserve,” says Edwin Truman, a nonresident senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. Though his nomination isn’t official, on April 17 a person familiar with the selection process confirmed news reports that Quarles will be Trump’s pick to be the Fed’s vice chairman of supervision, a post created by the Dodd-Frank Act. “The administration is becoming very conventionally Republican,” says Gerald O’Driscoll, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute. “There were all sorts of people on the list” of potential nominees “who would have stirred things up.” President Barack Obama never nominated anyone for the job. Instead, Fed governor Daniel Tarullo, a liberal Democrat, informally filled the role. A protégé of the late Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts, Tarullo had a testy relationship with chief executives of big banks, including JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Jamie Dimon, who accused him of being unnecessarily harsh. Tarullo announced his resignation in February, effective this month. Quarles marks a big change from Tarullo. He favors lightening regulation of banks, curbing mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and using explicit rules to conduct monetary policy, according to his own writings and interviews with analysts. “He sees things clearly without being an ideologue,” says Lawrence Uhlick, a former president of the Institute of International Bankers, who dealt with him when Quarles worked for George W. Bush’s Treasury Department and when he represented banks as a senior lawyer at Davis Polk & Wardwell. Quarles will have a lot of discretion over the annual stress tests of major banks, which the Fed conducts to ensure they can withstand a severe financial crisis without needing a bailout. Bank CEOs complained that under Tarullo, stress tests were not only too tough but too unpredictable. “That’s an area where we will see a shift in ideology, and he could do it himself,” says Isaac Boltansky, an analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading LLC. Quarles told Bloomberg TV in 2015 that the Volcker Rule, which is supposed to keep deposit-taking institutions from trading for their own profit, was “not well-designed.” That’s what a lot of people have been saying lately, including Tarullo, who in his valedictory speech on April 4 said the Volcker Rule is too complicated and “may be having a deleterious effect on market-making.” The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Last year Quarles co-wrote a Wall Street Journal op-ed disagreeing with Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank President Neel Kashkari, who wants the biggest banks to have much wider safety margins, calculated by the value of assets vs. liabilities. Quarles and Lawrence Goodman, president of the Center for Financial Stability, said that demanding more capital would slow economic growth. Policymakers, they wrote, should “fully measure and evaluate the impact of Dodd-Frank on the financial system before arbitrarily taking an ax to big banks and irreparably damaging the economy.” The same op-ed called for the Fed to be more formulaic in setting interest rates by following a rule such as the one propounded by Stanford economist John Taylor. Quarles served under Taylor when Taylor was George W. Bush’s undersecretary of the Treasury for international affairs. One thing Quarles won’t do is threaten the Fed’s existence. In 2014 bronze sculptures of Eccles, the former Fed chief, were installed at Fed headquarters and on the grounds of the Utah State Capitol. Quarles and his wife, Hope Eccles, whose grandfather was Marriner’s brother, helped pay for the memorials. The bottom line: Trump’s pick as the Fed’s top bank regulator may try to scale back the Volcker Rule and stress tests. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Ivanka Fights to Protect Her First Name The Real World of Oil Has a Warning for Financial Markets A Look at the Ugly Side of Getting Rich Subway Shuts Hundreds of U.S. Stores Elon Musk Nears $1.4 Billion Windfall as Tesla Hits Milestones Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is This P2P Payment App Ready to Be the Zelle of the Ball? In response to the immense popularity of P2P payment platforms like Venmo, the banking industry is launching a product ready to compete for customers. Matthew Cochrane (CMFCochrane) Apr 20, 2017 at 2:45PM When PayPal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PYPL) reported its 2016 fourth quarter earnings, one of the most impressive items was the incredible growth of the popular peer-to-peer (P2P) payment platform, Venmo. In the final quarter of the calendar year, Venmo had processed $5.6 billion in total payment volume, a whopping 126% increase year over year. In the conference call, PayPal management proudly noted that in December 2016, Venmo had crossed the $2 billion threshold in total payment volume in a single month for the first time. To grasp how quickly the platform is growing, we must remember that it was just earlier in the year when the platform first surpassed $1 billion in a single month. P2P payment apps like Venmo have exploded in popularity. Image source: PayPal Holdings Inc. It's no secret that much of Venmo's growth is coming from younger generations and the app's social media-like qualities has made it a particular hit with millennials. Not surprisingly, the platform's growth has not gone unnoticed by the financial industry. This year, banks are responding by launching Zelle, a jointly backed P2P app that links directly to a consumer's account at one of the participating banks. What is Zelle? Zelle is operated by Early Warning, a payment and risk solutions company that is owned by several of the country's largest banks and financial institutions including Bank of America Corp, BB&T Corporation, Capital One Financial Corp., JP Morgan Chase & Co., PNC Financial Services Group Inc, and Wells Fargo & Co. Through partnerships with Mastercard and Visa, most credit unions will also participate in the program. Zelle's service allows payers to send money to another person using only their email address or phone number as an identifier. Zelle users can sign up with nothing more than a debit card or bank account. Only a payer will be able to initiate a payment as recipients will not be allowed to make a request for funds. Money will be transferred "within minutes" from one bank account to another -- making it quicker than Venmo's service, which requires users to manually initially a transfer from their Venmo accounts to their banks.   Image source: Early Warning. Will this be the death of Venmo? Zelle no! What most might not realize is that this payments platform has existed since 2011 under the name clearXchange, when it was originally founded by Bank of America, Chase, and Wells Fargo as a P2P service. While the platform gained little traction as clearXchange, the banks are hoping that rebranding, new leadership, and the corresponding marketing campaign will revitalize the service. The strategy seems to be working. In a recent press release, the service claimed to have "processed more than 170-million person-to-person (P2P) payments in 2016, totaling $55 billion in aggregate transaction value." Not too shabby!  While some have opined that banks are hoping to kill off Venmo with Zelle's launch, I find that scenario unlikely, to say the least. Zelle's success in 2016 seems to have done little to stunt Venmo's growth last year. What it probably means is that, while the P2P market is not a big profit maker, banks want their account holders more engaged with their own banking products and services than having their customers practically forced to retreat to third-party services like PayPal. On the surface, Venmo doesn't appear worried about Zelle's imminent entrance. Josh Criscoe, Venmo's head of corporate affairs and communications, recently stated: "We don't see it as a winner-take-all scenario. We welcome any effort to move folks to more digital payments and move toward the smartphone as the central point of financial life. The common enemy is cash." Venmo's explosive growth probably also means there is plenty of room for additional players in the P2P market. After all, doling out cash and writing checks are still far and away the leading ways people pay back friends and family members. This gives Zelle and Venmo a long runway of growth ahead.  Matthew Cochrane owns shares of Mastercard and PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Mastercard, PayPal Holdings, and Visa. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Cochrane (CMFCochrane) As an economic crimes detective, Matthew focuses on helping others from becoming victims of fraud and scams. He is most familiar with the fintech and payments industry and devotes much of his writing to covering these two sectors. Article Info Apr 20, 2017 at 2:45PM Financials Stocks PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $43.69 up $0.39 (0.90%) Read More Here's Why Ocwen Financial Corp. Plunged Today Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Putting Extra Focus on Growing Brokerage Business The Impressive Dividend History of Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF 3 Stocks With Promising, Amazon-Like Growth Potential Goldman Sachs Stock History: How the Investment Bank Came to Rule Wall Street Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is This P2P Payment App Ready to Be the Zelle of the Ball? @themotleyfool #stocks $PYPL
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Gramercy Property Trust Announces Public Offering of 9,000,000 Common Shares NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Gramercy Property Trust (NYSE: GPT), a real estate investment trust, announced today that it has commenced an underwritten public offering of 9,000,000 common shares. In connection with the offering, the Company intends to grant the underwriters of the offering a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,350,000 common shares. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund the future acquisition of its target assets consistent with its investment strategies and for working capital and other general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment or repurchase of indebtedness. Morgan Stanley and J.P. Morgan are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting: Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204. These documents will also be filed with the SEC and will be available at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities, in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Gramercy Property Trust Gramercy Property Trust is a leading global investor and asset manager of commercial real estate. The Company specializes in acquiring and managing high quality, income producing commercial real estate leased to high quality tenants in major markets in the United States and Europe. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information based upon the Company’s current best judgment and expectations. Actual results could vary from those presented herein. The risks and uncertainties associated with forward-looking information in this release include, but are not limited to, factors that are beyond the Company’s control, including the factors listed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For example, the fact that the offering described above has launched may imply that the offering will price and close, but both pricing and closing are subject to conditions customary in transactions of this type and may be delayed or may not occur at all. In addition, the fact that the Company expects to grant the underwriters an option to purchase additional shares may imply that this option will be exercised. However, the underwriters will not be under any obligation to exercise any such option, or any portion of it, and they may not do so. Investors should not place undue reliance upon forward-looking statements. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious In Vitro Diagnostics(IVD) Market Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis to 2022 Next PostNext Seritage Growth Properties Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date Search Recent Posts Infrared Thermography Market Trends and Forecast By 2023 SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by Certain Officers and Directors of Ocwen Financial Corporation Top 5 Vendors in the Global Titanium Dioxide Market From 2017-2021: Technavio Epichlorohydrin Market is Expected to Reach US$ 3.52 Bn by 2023 Healthcare IT Outsourcing Market Growth, Trends, Demand and Forecasts To 2023 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Guaranty Bancorp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guaranty Bancorp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) Sets New 52-Week High Following Strong Earnings Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Position Decreased by Ledyard National Bank Ledyard National Bank Has $1.079 Million Position in Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Burger King Worldwide (BKW) Stock Price Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Synthetic Biologics (SYN) Share Price Exelon Co. (EXC) Shares Sold by Hartford Investment Management Co. Quotient Investors LLC Sells 61,100 Shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Hartford Investment Management Co. Has $9.797 Million Position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Agenus Inc (AGEN) Will Post Earnings of -$0.32 Per Share $3.09 Billion in Sales Expected for Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) This Quarter Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) SVP Mark S. Jonaitis Sells 18,089 Shares Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Director Renaud Adams Sells 50,000 Shares KeyCorp Comments on Cimarex Energy Co’s Q2 2018 Earnings (XEC) Courier Capital LLC Decreases Stake in CBS Co. (CBS) Amyris Inc (AMRS) Major Shareholder (Mauritius) Pte Ltd Maxwell Sells 1,636,930 Shares of Stock Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Stake Maintained by Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $277,000 Stake in Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $620,000 Stake in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Shares Bought by Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) Sets New 52-Week High Following Strong Earnings April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Guaranty Bancorp (NASDAQ:GBNK) shares reached a new 52-week high during mid-day trading on Thursday following a better than expected earnings announcement. The stock traded as high as $25.75 and last traded at $25.75, with a volume of 355,798 shares traded. The stock had previously closed at $24.75. The financial services provider reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.33 by $0.02. Guaranty Bancorp had a return on equity of 10.49% and a net margin of 20.49%. The company had revenue of $34.57 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $33.80 million. Several equities analysts have weighed in on GBNK shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Guaranty Bancorp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. FIG Partners cut Guaranty Bancorp from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Hovde Group started coverage on Guaranty Bancorp in a research note on Friday, March 24th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $26.50 price target for the company. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $27.00 price target on shares of Guaranty Bancorp in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies started coverage on Guaranty Bancorp in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $28.00 price target for the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. Guaranty Bancorp presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $27.50. In related news, EVP Christopher E. Erickson sold 1,875 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.00, for a total value of $45,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 22,435 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $538,440. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Michael B. Hobbs sold 6,528 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.35, for a total value of $158,956.80. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 50,265 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,223,952.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 21,903 shares of company stock valued at $528,397. 31.93% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in GBNK. First Trust Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Guaranty Bancorp by 0.9% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 28,666 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $512,000 after buying an additional 267 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Guaranty Bancorp by 9.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 130,951 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,337,000 after buying an additional 10,926 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD purchased a new stake in shares of Guaranty Bancorp during the third quarter valued at approximately $6,908,000. EJF Capital LLC boosted its stake in shares of Guaranty Bancorp by 34.5% in the third quarter. EJF Capital LLC now owns 913,788 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $16,311,000 after buying an additional 234,547 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Penn Capital Management Co. Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Guaranty Bancorp during the third quarter valued at approximately $3,717,000. 63.49% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The company’s 50 day moving average is $24.08 and its 200 day moving average is $22.47. The stock has a market capitalization of $717.70 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.500 and a beta of 1.12. WARNING: “Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) Sets New 52-Week High Following Strong Earnings” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/guaranty-bancorp-gbnk-sets-new-52-week-high-following-strong-earnings.html. About Guaranty Bancorp Guaranty Bancorp is the bank holding for Guaranty Bank and Trust Company (the Bank). The Company’s segment is banking. The Company operates approximately 30 branches and over two investment management firms, including Private Capital Management LLC (PCM) and Cherry Hills Investment Advisors Inc (CHIA), in Colorado through the Bank. Receive News & Ratings for Guaranty Bancorp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Guaranty Bancorp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest BankThink Dodd-Frank is not the enemy. Bad loans are Associated Banc-Corp. hits growth targets, reports CRA upgrade House panel to hold hearing on Dodd-Frank overhaul plan next week Defying predictions, credit quality keeps improving at many banks U.S. Bancorp's Cecere grilled on costs, auto risk in first call as CEO search goes here BankThink Dodd-Frank is not the enemy. Bad loans are By Mayra Rodríguez Valladares Published April 20 2017, 2:17pm EDT More in Credit quality Consumer lending Dodd-Frank Print Email Reprints Share Share on The statistician W. Edwards Deming once famously said, “In God we trust; all others bring data.” He might well have been talking about federal bank regulatory policy. At the heart of the industry-supported push to roll back the Dodd-Frank Act are claims by Republican politicians and industry representatives that the 2010 reform law has been killing lending. These assertions, however, should be backed by data. According to the most recent Federal Reserve Bank of New York data, not only did aggregate household debt in the U.S. increase substantially in the fourth quarter of 2016, it did so across all loan types; residential mortgages, credit cards, student debt and auto loans all rose. As of Dec. 31, total U.S. household indebtedness was $12.58 trillion, a $226 billion (1.8%) increase from the third quarter of 2016. In fact, Americans are just 0.8% below the peak level of $12.68 trillion in household debt from the third quarter of 2008. Before they seek to unwind the post-crisis regulations, politicians should remember that 2008 was not a great year. As long as employment levels are steady or preferably rising, and if wages rise from their current levels, one need not be alarmist about the rise in aggregate indebtedness. However, the rise in borrowing in aggregate as well as growth in different types of consumer credit is noticeable. Those concerned about mortgage loans not rising fast enough should take note that there were $617 billion in newly originated mortgages in the last quarter of 2016, the highest level seen since the third quarter of 2007. Delinquencies for residential mortgages, which account for 67% of total U.S. household debt, are mostly unchanged. Only 1.6% of mortgage balances were 90 or more days delinquent. However, the continued rise in credit cards, student debt and auto loans, is worrisome. In its G-19 Consumer Credit report released in early April, the Federal Reserve Board announced that Americans’ aggregate credit card debt reached $1 trillion dollars for the first time since December 2008. Credit card debt outstanding is now almost on par with auto loans ($1.1 trillion) and student loans ($1.4 trillion). The Fed’s survey of senior bank loan officers, released in January, shows they are concerned about weakening credit quality. Nearly 37% of large banks expect the quality of their credit card loans to deteriorate somewhat in 2017, and over 38% expect auto loan quality to deteriorate. Credit card lending has become a leading driver of loan growth for commercial banks. While credit card debt in itself can be quite useful to spur consumer demand, there is now cause for concern with credit card losses at banks and nonbanks rising. On April 17, the Standard and Poor’s/Experian Consumer Credit Default Index showed that the bank card default rate climbed 9 basis points in March, and has now increased for five consecutive months, standing at 3.31%. That rate is up 39 basis points year over year. Rather than claiming that lending is not rising fast enough, politicians and lobbyists should be aware that the biggest bank lenders are all experiencing credit quality deterioration in their credit card portfolios. According to a Standard and Poor’s research note on April 18, JPMorgan Chase reported a 7.1% year-over-year increase in credit card loans in the first quarter, compared with 6% overall in loan growth. Citigroup also reported a 15% year-over-year increase in credit card loans. At the same time that credit card loans have risen, so have net credit card chargeoff rates. JPMorgan Chase’s net chargeoff rate was 2.9% in the first quarter, up from 2.6% in both the previous quarter and a year earlier. Citigroup reported a net credit card chargeoff rate of 3.6%, up from 3.2% in the fourth quarter of 2016 and 3.5% a year earlier. Wells Fargo’s credit card chargeoff rate rose to 3.5%, up from 3% in the prior quarter and 3.1% from a year earlier. Not only should rising default rates within their credit card portfolios be a significant focus for risk managers and bank supervisors, but also student loan portfolios. Aggregate student credit hit the $1 trillion mark a few years ago in 2013. Speaking at an economic press briefing in early April, New York Fed President and CEO William Dudley told the audience that “despite an improving labor market, overall delinquency rates on student debt remain stubbornly high, and repayment progress has slowed further, likely reflecting the recent introduction of more accommodative payment plans.” The New York Fed’s Quarterly Report on Household Debt and Credit showed that 11.2% of aggregate student loan debt was 90-plus days delinquent or in default in the last quarter of 2016. The fact that we are likely to remain in a low interest rate environment will continue to make it hard for banks to make money in their loan and fixed-income portfolios. Hence, risk managers at banks and bank supervisors should watch carefully that bankers do not fall into the usual trap of chasing yield and lowering their credit due diligence standards in order to make up for the low interest rate environment. If politicians and lobbyists really care about the state of the U.S. economy and the safety and soundness of banks, they should encourage banks’ risk managers and supervisory authority bank examiners to question the types of loans banks are making and borrowers’ ability to service their rising debt levels in a timely and complete manner. Just as important, financial journalists need to compel politicians and lobbyists to provide data to support their unsubstantiated argument that Dodd-Frank has killed lending. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Mayra Rodríguez Valladares Mayra Rodríguez Valladares is managing principal at MRV Associates. More from this Author This Is the Absolute Worst Time to Weaken Global Bank Rules Measure U.S. Banks' Credit Exposure to Deutsche Now Bigger Role for Internal Auditors Would Slash Risk of Big Banks BankThink submission guidelines Want to contribute to BankThink, American Banker's platform for informed opinion about the ideas, trends and events reshaping financial services? View our detailed submission criteria and instructions. Comments(1) Login or Subscribe Posted By Common Sense Thursday, April 20 2017 at 2:55 PM Bad loans are an enemy but so is Dodd-Frank, especially to small and medium sized institutions. Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
21/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views Culture 20/04/2017 Nelson Freire on his love of piano, cinema and jazz Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I was lucky enough to meet someone. Like everything in life, music works through love (...) So, I loved that teacher very much and I would have done anything she asked of me." Nelson Freire Pianist World 20/04/2017 Egypt: 'World's heaviest woman' loses half her weight after surgery Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "She hasn’t walked. The stroke left her bound to the bed. Our team of physiotherapists and occupational therapists are trying to mobilize her." Business 20/04/2017 Alitalia workers vote on last-chance rescue plan Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Sci-tech 20/04/2017 Looking at Earth as a planet Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""At the moment the magnetic pole is migrating with about 40 kilometres per year, possibly taking us to a polar inversion."" Michael Rast Head of Earth Observation Science Strategy, ESA World 20/04/2017 Venezuela protests claim three lives Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "If we were millions today, tomorrow we will be more" Henrique Capriles Opposition leader World 20/04/2017 Berlin's street names provoke debate over forgotten history Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "[Germany's former colonies deserve] the same moral standards as in restoring justice to Holocaust victims" Christian Kopp Coordinator, PostKolonial World 20/04/2017 Silicon revolt as big US tech firms say no to Trump's visa crackdown Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 20/04/2017 Iran nuclear deal branded a "failure" by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Iran has the potential to follow the same path as North Korea and take the world along with it." Rex Tillerson US Secretary of State more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > UK shares fall, pound jumps on surprise election announcement Now Reading: UK shares fall, pound jumps on surprise election announcement markets 18/04/2017 UK shares fall, pound jumps on surprise election announcement Today's Top Stories France 21/04/2017 Paris: one police officer dead in Champs-Elysées 'terror attack' BREAKING NEWS Germany 21/04/2017 Borussia Dortmund bomb suspect 'hoped to hit club share price' Russia 20/04/2017 Russian court bans Jehovah's Witnesses as 'extremist' Aa Aa Related Stories United Kingdom 18/04/2017 UK: Theresa May calls snap general election to be held on June 8 Editor's choice world news 20/04/2017 Berlin's street names provoke debate over forgotten history world news 20/04/2017 Who paid you for that? Celebrities warned over misleading Instagram pics world news 20/04/2017 Vatican's cricketers prepare for interfaith tournament last updated: 18/04/2017 Euronews Europe’s stock market indexes – which were already under pressure – slid further on the UK election announcement with investors worried that this adds to political uncertainty in the region. London’s benchmark FTSE100 tumbled to its lowest in more than seven weeks – down 2.46 percent at the end of Tuesday trading sesssion. All but a handful of the top 100 stocks were in the red. “If we have a stronger government pushing for a ‘hard’ Brexit, markets won’t like that. But on the positive side, you would have more stable government for the UK,” said David Stubbs, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. Mining and energy companies had been big losers due to lower metals and crude-oil prices even before May’s announcement. The snap election comes on top of worries about the outcome of the French presidential election, and concerns about Syria and North Korea. Sterling strengthens The pound surged to its highest level since early December against the US dollar, up 1.5 percent, which also had a negative effect on leading shares as most of those companies get a majority of their earnings in foreign currencies from exports. As a result the weak pound has helped push share prices to record highs in recent months. Foreign exchange traders said the election could eventually lead to a stronger sterling if May’s majority was strengthened and policy became more predictable. “That could reduce some of the political noise,” said Eric Viloria, currency strategist at Wells Fargo. Deutsche Bank said the surprise election call is a “game-changer” for the currency, and that it will raise its forecasts for the pound in the coming days. But now British shares are set for their worst one day drop since the aftermath of the Brexit referendum last June. Pound is flying against the dollar thanks to snap General Election but FTSE 100 off 116 points. Best reaction here: https://t.co/FHONWwBXjS pic.twitter.com/StPtIAjnGh— James Quinn (@jamesrquinn) April 18, 2017 Hit heavily Mining companies Anglo American, Glencore, Antofagasta, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton dropped as Chinese iron ore futures fell to three-month lows, with oversupply worries weighing on steel prices. Oil major BP was also a top faller, down 3.4 percent as the price of crude slid. Brent crude reached an 11-day low after a US government report indicated rising production. Business reaction CAROLYN FAIRBAIRN, DIRECTOR GENERAL OF THE CONFEDERATION OF BRITISH INDUSTRY “Distraction from the urgent priorities of seeking the best EU deal and improving UK productivity must be kept to a minimum.” 'Firms want each political party to set out plans to support economic stability and prosperity' #GeneralElection https://t.co/0WlvtI1Lv3— The CBI (@CBItweets) April 18, 2017 ADAM MARSHALL, DIRECTOR GENERAL OF THE BRITISH CHAMBERS OF COMMERCE “Many business communities will understandably be concerned that attention will inevitably shift from the economy and the intricacies of leaving the EU to a potential election campaign. “Firms will want to be reassured that the key challenges facing the economy will be front and centre throughout any election period.” TERRY SCUOLER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF MANUFACTURING ASSOCIATION EEF “We have significant negotiations to undertake with our partners in the rest of Europe and, doing this with a fresh and stable mandate from the country can only provide greater certainty about the future direction of travel for policy, and the potential to seek the best deal possible for the UK.” MALCOLM BARR AND ALLAN MONKS, ECONOMISTS AT J.P. MORGAN “One implication of the holding of a new general election is that it may open up more negotiating time under Article 50.” “The point at which Brexit occurs can be moved back on the basis of unanimous agreement. With a new electoral mandate in place, a May-led administration could expect to govern until 2022. We had always thought the need to ‘deliver Brexit’ before a 2020 general election meant that negotiations would not be extended in 2020 even if there was some mutual interest in doing so.” GAIL CARTMAIL, ACTING GENERAL SECRETARY OF UNITE UNION “The country now has a choice between whether to vote for a Conservative party which is determined to pursue a hard, disastrous Brexit and is wedded to continuing with miserable austerity and destroying the rights and living standards of working people, or a Labour party which is presenting real, positive change based on a fairer economy and determined to ensure that on leaving the EU, jobs and communities can thrive.” Unite statement on call for an early general election https://t.co/4qZoJApTo4 #GE2017 pic.twitter.com/9pmcxZmFI4— Unite the union (@unitetheunion) April 18, 2017 LUKE BARTHOLEMEW, INVESTMENT MANAGER AT ABERDEEN ASSET MANAGEMENT “The election should hand Theresa May a much bigger mandate to stand up to the harder-line, anti-EU backbenchers who currently hold a disproportionate sway over her party’s stance on Brexit. “That would be welcomed by financial markets. There’s also a decent chance of some volatility now with imminent elections in both the UK and France.” SIMON DERRICK, HEAD OF GLOBAL RESEARCH AT BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON IN LONDON “For the moment at least it is not being seen as particularly a negative. I guess people see that this may give Theresa May a better majority. It is a politically astute move and it should provide more stability going over the immediate aftermath of the exit from the EU.” DEAN TURNER, ECONOMIST AT UBS WEALTH MANAGEMENT “The muted response in sterling, gilts and UK equities suggests markets are savouring the possibility of much-needed clarity around the government’s Brexit negotiation stance.” ALAN CLARKE, ECONOMIST AT SCOTIABANK “It’s slightly unfortunate timing as Q1 GDP might be disappointing. But it will be worse later in the year so it is a ‘now or never’ decision.” IG GROUP, SPREAD BETTING COMPANY “The current prices in the markets reflect May’s and the Conservatives strong leads in polling data. They show a 90 percent chance of the Conservatives winning the most seats and an 87 percent chance of a Conservative majority.” Share this article: More about: Theresa May UK snap general election 2017 Early election British politics Foreign exchange market Stock market activity Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Deutsch Neuwahlen in Grossbritannien - das Pfund steigt, der FTSE fällt See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية الأسواق ترد سلبا والاسترليني يتقلب إلى الصعود بعد إعلان الانتخابات العامة المبكرة في بريطانيا See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی واکنش منفی بازارهای بورس اروپایی به سخنان نخست وزیر بریتانیا See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Реакція ринків на оголошення дострокових виборів у Британії See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Στο «κόκκινο» το Σίτι μετά τις ανακοινώσεις Μέι - Σε υψηλό διμήνου η στερλίνα See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Borse europee negative, a Londra il calo peggiore da dieci mesi See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Incerteza política penaliza bolsas europeias, mas beneficia a libra See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Veszteséggel reagáltak a tőzsdék a brit előrehozott választások hírére See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Français La bourse dans le rouge après l'annonce de Theresa May See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español El Ftsee de Londres registra su mayor caída desde junio pasado y la libra se dispara See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский Реакция рынков на заявление Мэй о досрочных выборах See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Sürpriz seçim piyasaları da şaşırttı See translation Auto-Translated Most viewed economy 20/04/2017 French shares rise ahead of presidential election economy 20/04/2017 IMF and World Bank: Trump trade face-off corporate 20/04/2017 Alitalia workers vote on last-chance rescue plan Business Line 19/04/2017 Turkish referendum's economic implications target 18/04/2017 Made in Morocco: An African tour Flashback: one year ago world news 21/04/2016 Interview: Africanews's Naqwor Kwabla on another migrant tragedy Germany 21/04/2016 Volkswagen agrees to compensate US owners of rigged diesel vehicles One minute of Responsibility 21/04/2016 THE BULLETPEN (MINISTRY OF NATIONAL EDUCATION) Switzerland 21/04/2016 Syrian peace talks in Geneva collapse in acrimony USA 21/04/2016 Music world in shock as Prince dies suddenly aged 57 Editor's choice world news 20/04/2017 Berlin's street names provoke debate over forgotten history world news 20/04/2017 Who paid you for that? Celebrities warned over misleading Instagram pics world news 20/04/2017 Vatican's cricketers prepare for interfaith tournament world news 20/04/2017 Avoid Clinton vs Trump tragedy, American actors urge French voters View 19/04/2017 The EU must prepare itself for President Le Pen in France Business Line 19/04/2017 Turkish referendum's economic implications China 20/04/2017 One small step... China launches first cargo spacecraft world news 19/04/2017 Melania saves the day as President Trump forgets his etiquette no comment 19/04/2017 Pope Benedict XVI toasts his 90th birthday with a pint Next Article markets 07/04/2017 US Syrian airstrikes hurt market, sparks rush to safe havens Today's Top Stories France 21/04/2017 Paris: one police officer dead in Champs-Elysées 'terror attack' BREAKING NEWS Germany 21/04/2017 Borussia Dortmund bomb suspect 'hoped to hit club share price' Russia 20/04/2017 Russian court bans Jehovah's Witnesses as 'extremist' Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags United Kingdom French presidential election 2017 France Death Russia Celebrity News Italy Attack Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wendys Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wendys Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd (WTM) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Royal Vopak (VOPKY) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Cytosorbents Corp (CTSO) Receives “Buy” Rating from Maxim Group Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Wendys Co (WEN) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. (BKEP) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Armstrong Henry H Associates Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Coastline Trust Co Has $5.148 Million Position in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) 28,696 Shares in HubSpot Inc (HUBS) Acquired by Capital Impact Advisors LLC Coastline Trust Co Decreases Position in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Position Cut by Coastline Trust Co Capital Impact Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Insperity Inc (NSP) Capital Impact Advisors LLC Takes Position in Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Capital Impact Advisors LLC Has $1.818 Million Stake in Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC Reduces Position in National Research Co. (NRCIB) Equity Residential Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $3.12 Per Share (EQR) Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC Has $21.489 Million Stake in Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Strong-Buy Wendys Co (WEN) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wendys Co (NASDAQ:WEN) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has $15.00 target price on the restaurant operator’s stock. According to Zacks, “Wendy’s shares have outpaced the Zacks classified Retail–Restaurants industry over the past one year. It has a mixed record of earnings surprises in recent quarters and estimates have been stable of its Q1 earnings release. Sales initiatives like menu innovation and promotional offerings are driving growth at Wendy’s. Increased investments in technology should quicken service and result in higher customer count. Reimaging of restaurants is also expected to boost traffic and drive sales. Yet, Wendy’s revenues have been declining year over year over the past few quarters due to lower company-operated restaurants count. Though Wendy’s transition to a franchise-based business model has been weighing on revenues, it is expected to lower G&A expenses and boost earnings, 2017 onwards. Its international business is poised to be a long-term growth driver too. Yet, rising costs and a soft industry backdrop raise concern.” WEN has been the subject of several other research reports. Wedbush reissued a neutral rating and set a $14.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a report on Saturday, January 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Wendys from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $15.00 price target for the company in a report on Friday, February 24th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a hold rating and set a $13.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a report on Friday, January 6th. Longbow Research lowered Wendys from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reissued a market perform rating and set a $13.50 price target (up previously from $13.00) on shares of Wendys in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $13.69. Shares of Wendys (NASDAQ:WEN) traded up 1.39% on Wednesday, hitting $13.88. The stock had a trading volume of 782,471 shares. Wendys has a 12 month low of $9.15 and a 12 month high of $14.47. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $13.49 and a 200-day moving average of $12.91. The stock has a market cap of $3.43 billion, a PE ratio of 28.33 and a beta of 0.97. Wendys (NASDAQ:WEN) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The restaurant operator reported $0.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.01. Wendys had a net margin of 11.74% and a return on equity of 16.62%. The company had revenue of $309.90 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $312.83 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.12 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 33.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Wendys will post $0.46 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/wendys-co-wen-upgraded-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in WEN. Tyers Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Wendys during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $101,000. Elkfork Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of Wendys during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $139,000. Laurion Capital Management LP acquired a new position in shares of Wendys during the third quarter valued at approximately $122,000. Cantab Capital Partners LLP acquired a new position in shares of Wendys during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $156,000. Finally, LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Wendys by 0.7% in the third quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 13,412 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $145,000 after buying an additional 88 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.19% of the company’s stock. Wendys Company Profile The Wendy’s Company is the parent company of subsidiary holding company Wendy’s Restaurants, LLC (Wendy’s Restaurants). Wendy’s Restaurants is the parent company of Wendy’s International, LLC (Wendy’s), which is the owner and franchisor of the Wendy’s restaurant system in the United States. Wendy’s is a restaurant company specializing in the hamburger sandwich segment. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Wendys (WEN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Wendys Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wendys Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About US Contact US Registration Thursday April 20th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage UNGA Launches Global Conversation on Financing SDGs By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 21, 2017  /  Comments Off on UNGA Launches Global Conversation on Financing SDGs       Print       Email MIL OSI Asia Pacific – Source: Small Island Developing States Headline: UNGA Launches Global Conversation on Financing SDGs 18 April 2017: The UN General Assembly (UNGA) convened a high-level event on financing the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), with support from the UN Environment Programme’s Inquiry into Design Options for a Sustainable Financial System, to “foment a global conversation” on mobilizing the needed resources from a range of sources. Opening the SDG Financing Lab on 18 April 2017, in New York, US, UNGA President Peter Thomson said financing the SDGs will require US$6 trillion per year, or US$90 trillion over 15 years, while the cost of inaction would be far greater. He said the private sector must orient its actions and investments in the direction of these needs, and that this work has begun but must be scaled up. He added that in only four sectors – food and agriculture, cities, energy and resources, and health and well-being – investors could find a US$12 opportunity. Domestic resource mobilization is also needed, and this requires addressing the drivers of conflict and other crises, he said. UN Deputy Secretary-General Amina Mohammed highlighted the role of leadership in financing the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. The first step is for ODA commitments to be met consistently, she said, to develop domestic resources and activate local investor bases. Mohammed reported that the UN is undergoing its own reform process to become more “fit for purpose” and accountable to countries in supporting SDG implementation, and that she has been tasked with leading a comprehensive review of the UN Development System. Mohammed said pension funds, the insurance sector and other large pools of capital have the potential to provide “breakthrough opportunities” to implement the SDGs. Mahmoud Mohieldin, World Bank Group, pointed out the risk of going “from billions to million,” and said the concern is not just about finance, but the nexus with “real-world challenges” such as forced displacement, inequality, low growth, and demographic challenges. He stressed that ODA will not be enough, so it must be used to leverage other types of financing. He also stressed the need for investments in human capital, skills and life-long learning, infrastructure, and resilience. Speakers stressed the need for “speed and scale” to finance the SDGs by 2030. In a panel discussion, moderator Rachel Kyte, Chief Executive Officer and Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy for All, described the “gray area” where the public sector meets the private sector, which she said presents challenges for accountability and incentives. She stressed the importance of “speed and scale” to achieve the SDGs. Keynote speaker Sunil Bharti Mittal, Founder and Chairman, Bharti Enterprises, and Chair, International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), highlighted the role of the business community in enabling trade liberalization, which he said could advance commerce and economic growth. He noted the importance of: the internet and technology for connecting markets; financial support for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); and integrating Big Data in crisis response and prevention. Steve Waygood, Aviva Investors, said that if markets worked properly, the SDGs would not be needed, and called for policy reforms to correct market failures. He asserted that the UN’s invitations to the private sector “haven’t been sent,” but only published in documents, and it is time to reach out to the private sector and to hold them to account for financing sustainable development. Waygood suggested building public rankings of companies to drive a “race to the top.” Elliott Harris, UN Environment, noted the need for a methodology and accepted standard for assessing new risk. The current lack of such a methodology turns away potential investment from sustainable projects, sending it back into to “brown projects,” he said. Giulia Porino, Finance Watch, called for leadership and political will to make capital flow for the SDGs, including through tax and monetary policies. Matt Arnold, JP Morgan Chase, called for “translators and anthropologists” to bridge the cultural gap between the UN and the private sector. He said an “over-perceived risk” of investing in sustainable development is preventing the SDGs from being financed, despite the world having enough money. Explaining that banks must prioritize returns on depositors’ money, he said that where investing in the SDGs will not be profitable, “this is not a role for commercial capital” but for developmental capital, which yields a lower, non-commercial level of return. Arnold added that greater transparency could correct the over-perception of risk. Summarizing the panel discussion, Kyte said: “money is not the problem”; transparency could be a powerful galvanizer and could be achieved through a combination of mandatory and voluntary mechanisms; and dialogue should distinguish between the roles and impacts of the public and private sector, and the financial and real economies. Governments made statements about sustainable financing in a plenary session. Ecuador for the Group of 77 and China welcomed a catalytic role for ODA, and called for addressing investment financing gaps in countries in vulnerable situations. El Salvador for the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC) said ODA is still needed to reduce inequality and structural gaps and to generate the capacity to achieve sustainable development. China for BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) stressed the need for political will and to “meaningfully implement” the Monterrey Consensus, Doha Declaration and the AAAA. He said some countries are experiencing a growth in “anti-globalization thinking” and the rise of protectionist tendencies. He added that cooperation on financing should be strengthened within the framework of the World Bank, the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) and other international development institutions. He called for keeping North-South cooperation as the main channel for cooperation, respecting the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities (CBDR), and fulfilling ODA commitments. The EU said moving from billions to trillions will require a mix of financial and non-financial means. He called for a more ambitious role for the private sector, and for private entities to work closely with local authorities and civil society, which are “at the forefront” of SDG implementation. He welcomed the “balanced” first draft of the report of the Inter-agency Task Force (IATF) on FFD, which will be considered at the upcoming meeting of the ECOSOC Forum for Follow-up on FFD (FFD Forum). Belize for the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) called for financial mechanisms and policies that address the integrated nature of sustainable development, to ensure that deliverables have “a knock-on effect” for other SDG targets. She also highlighted the negative impacts of de-risking practices, noting that when large international banks terminate or limit Corresponding Banking Relationships (CBRs) in the Caribbean to reduce their risk, it cuts off local businesses. Maldives for the Alliance of Small Island States (AOSIS) called for capacity building for data collection and analysis, as well as enhancing SIDS’ access to concessional finance. Bangladesh for the Least Developed Countries (LDCs) called for fulfillment of ODA commitments, technology transfer, and capacity building. Many other statements underlined the value of ODA and meeting international commitments, including to the AAAA and the Technology Facilitation Mechanism. Some highlighted national efforts to establish an enabling regulatory environment to encourage investment, and capacity building efforts to make tax collection more efficient. The need for the creation of intersectoral partnerships was noted, including political partnerships like the Group of Friends of Financing for Development. One speaker stressed the need for sustainable business models, while another suggested sharing case studies on the conditions that lead to new investments in sustainable development projects. Three parallel workshops considered ways to increase the speed and scale of financing for SDG implementation. In the workshop on ‘Building an Inclusive and Peaceful Where No One is Left Behind,’ moderated by John McArthur, Brookings Institution, panelists suggested better highlighting the economic opportunities of the SDGs, and for the UN to make global measurement standards better known. Participants also outlined mechanisms that should be used or replicated, such as: green bonds, social bonds and inclusive business bonds; public-private partnerships (PPPs); financing front runners; investing in rural banks and infrastructure in developing countries; and the IFC’s “Banking on Women” programme to target women entrepreneurs and pro-poor financing. In the workshop on ‘Fostering Economic Growth and Development, and Tackling Inequality,’ moderated by Irv Mintzer, Johns Hopkins University, School of Advanced International Studies (SAIS), participants agreed that PPPs are first and foremost a risk-sharing scheme. They said risk is a paramount concern, and “suspicion is the name of the game.” Recommended actions to reduce risk included: partnering with development banks; replicating successful mechanisms; and using risk-sharing agreements, such as with OPEC or the World Bank. These can distribute risks that seem unmanageable by separate private actors. Sensitizing UN Resident Coordinators to business concerns was also suggested. Speakers called for promoting the vision of “doing well by doing good,” and for rewarding SDG investment. They also highlighted actions related to urban planning, such as ensuring that cities have sufficient space and the appropriate density to become vibrant centers, rather than only upgrading slums. Cities’ potential role in SDG financing was highlighted in the workshop on ‘Protecting Our World in the Present and the Future,’ moderated by Simon Zadek, UN Environment Inquiry. One participant called to make transport systems “investible,” and for ensuring that cities are livable for climate refugees and economically productive. He added that development banks could buy down costs to enable developing country cities to choose sustainable infrastructure. It was also stressed that sustainability projects should be made to seem “completely habitual” to investors, including by using business language more than conservation language. Other ideas included: regulate the pricing of natural capital to drive investor decisions; facilitate recycling and other behavior changes without waiting for education to change mindsets; scale up project proposals to banks (“the time of pilots is over”); and bundle investment opportunities with market opportunities together with those with social impact, such as fisheries certified by the Marine Stewardship Council. Participants said the UN could help to match investors with projects at different stages of development. The UN can also help to “build belief that green paths can succeed,” and better position the business case for reforming the financial system. One said some business actors “still don’t realize that greening is good for them.” Zadek summarized that a major need is for incentives, standards, and information to make financial markets work in a green way, including by moving “beyond innovation” to commoditize and de-risk investments. He also highlighted the need for a stronger connection between the market and a broader vision and stewardship role provided by the UN. He noted that there is a danger in separating the belief system in sustainability from the functioning of markets, but “that separation isn’t correct” and the UN can work to draw the linkages. Synthesizing the three workshop discussions, Kyte highlighted that capital is abundant. Therefore, when “it feels like there is no finance flowing,” it is important to focus on the true problem to be fixed, which is putting it to use behind the world’s agreed values. She also suggested: creating measurable indexes for each SDG, to provide benchmarks for the private sector, and highlighting the opportunities, not only creating disincentives for “bad behavior”; and making requests to the private sector more specific. Such requests can focus on spaces between the Goals, such as food/energy/water security, and health/gender/inequality linkages. In closing remarks, Thomson said speakers had spotlighted the need for scaling up and replicating successful projects, and the pivotal role of PPPs in that. Thomson also noted the importance of ODA to catalyze private investments and of enabling environments, and for multilateral development banks to help develop financial systems with increased investment and leveraging. Business speakers had argued that the right policies could incentivize the directing of funds towards sustainable projects. On the role of the UN, Thomson said the event heard a proposal to bring the top 100 financial sector actors to the UN to continue discussions on how to catalyze changes to the financial system. Discussions had also highlighted a potential role for the UN as a policy space between Member States and global financial system actors, by giving guidance on financing the SDGs, and encouraging the development of SDG-consistent certification standards and ‘SDG ratings’ by credit rating agencies. Thomson said he will convey the central messages from the event to Finance Ministers and other senior officials at the World Bank’s Spring Meetings this week. [IISD Sources] [Remarks of UN Deputy Secretary-General] [UN Press Release] [UNGA President Closing Remarks] [UN Meeting Summary]     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on April 21, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 21, 2017 @ 5:15 am Filed Under: 24-7, Asia Pacific, Asia Pacific Region, Banking and Finance, China, Climate, Economics, English, Export, Finance, Fisheries, Investment, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Pacific, Small Island Developing States, Trade NEXT ARTICLE → Publications Point the Way for CEOs, Corporate Pension Plans to Implement SDGs ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE W&T Offshore Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial and Operational Results Release and Conference Call Schedule About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts EPA Funding to Revitalize Wilmington Brownfields Gov. Fallin, DHS Announce Statewide Foster Care Call to Action Day 5 Takeaways From GA-06 Special Election Hemisphere Energy Announces Year-End 2016 Financial and Operating Results W&T Offshore Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial and Operational Results Release and Conference Call Schedule © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JD.Com Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $213.28 Million in Sales Expected for Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) This Quarter BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Receives Market Perform Rating from William Blair $492.75 Million in Sales Expected for AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (AMN) This Quarter JD.Com Sees Unusually High Options Volume (JD) Affimed NV (AFMD) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Dresser-Rand Group (DRC) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.10 Exar (EXAR) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.09 Kindred Healthcare (KND) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Given “Outperform” Rating at William Blair Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Now Covered by Analysts at Argus Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Shares Bought by DnB Asset Management AS Palisade Capital Management LLC NJ Has $11.468 Million Stake in Bruker Co. (BRKR) DnB Asset Management AS Has $27.645 Million Stake in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) SFE Investment Counsel Sells 41 Shares of Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Shares Sold by SFE Investment Counsel ILG Inc (ILG) Shares Sold by Palisade Capital Management LLC NJ SFE Investment Counsel Has $661,000 Position in Cummins Inc. (CMI) Palisade Capital Management LLC NJ Has $17.071 Million Stake in Sensient Technologies Co. (SXT) Palisade Capital Management LLC NJ Cuts Position in Packaging Corp Of America (PKG) PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) Downgraded by Cantor Fitzgerald to Neutral JD.Com Sees Unusually High Options Volume (JD) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet JD.Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD) saw some unusual options trading activity on Thursday. Traders bought 901 call options on the company. This is an increase of 121% compared to the typical daily volume of 407 call options. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Lazard Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of JD.Com during the third quarter worth about $104,000. Nippon Life Insurance Co. boosted its position in shares of JD.Com by 38.7% in the third quarter. Nippon Life Insurance Co. now owns 4,197 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 1,170 shares during the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of JD.Com by 27.1% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 6,034 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $154,000 after buying an additional 1,286 shares during the last quarter. Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of JD.Com by 200.0% in the third quarter. Shinko Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 6,000 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $157,000 after buying an additional 4,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of JD.Com during the fourth quarter worth about $212,000. Institutional investors own 49.74% of the company’s stock. A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on JD shares. Vetr raised shares of JD.Com from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $28.94 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. MKM Partners reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $27.00 price objective on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of JD.Com from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $32.00 to $39.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Sanford C. Bernstein started coverage on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. They issued an “underperform” rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $32.50 price objective on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $32.71. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) traded up 1.963% on Thursday, reaching $34.015. 3,318,196 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. JD.Com has a 12 month low of $19.51 and a 12 month high of $34.14. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $31.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $28.14. The company’s market cap is $48.24 billion. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The information services provider reported ($0.18) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.06) by $0.12. The firm earned $80.25 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $76.30 billion. JD.Com had a negative return on equity of 28.18% and a negative net margin of 4.18%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 47.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.07) EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that JD.Com will post $0.24 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “JD.Com Sees Unusually High Options Volume (JD)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/jd-com-sees-unusually-high-options-volume-jd.html. About JD.Com JD.com, Inc is an online direct sales company. The Company engages in the sale of electronics and home appliance products and general merchandise products (including audio, video products and books) sourced from manufacturers, distributors and publishers in China on the Internet through its Website, www.jd.com. Receive News & Ratings for JD.Com Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Preferred Bank - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Preferred Bank with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Issued By Jefferies Group People's United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Issues Earnings Results Harleysville Savings Financial Corp. (HARL) Issues Earnings Results Donegal Group Inc. (DGICB) Releases Earnings Results Preferred Bank (PFBC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS FY2017 EPS Estimates for First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Boosted by FIG Partners FY2017 EPS Estimates for Eli Lilly and Co Lowered by Analyst (LLY) $213.28 Million in Sales Expected for Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) This Quarter BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Receives Market Perform Rating from William Blair $492.75 Million in Sales Expected for AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. (AMN) This Quarter JD.Com Sees Unusually High Options Volume (JD) Affimed NV (AFMD) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Dresser-Rand Group (DRC) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.10 Exar (EXAR) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.09 Kindred Healthcare (KND) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Given “Outperform” Rating at William Blair Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Now Covered by Analysts at Argus Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Shares Bought by DnB Asset Management AS Palisade Capital Management LLC NJ Has $11.468 Million Stake in Bruker Co. (BRKR) Preferred Bank (PFBC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Preferred Bank (NASDAQ:PFBC) posted its earnings results on Wednesday. The bank reported $0.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.01. Preferred Bank had a return on equity of 12.83% and a net margin of 28.23%. The business earned $30.53 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $30 million. Preferred Bank (NASDAQ:PFBC) traded up 0.51% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $49.53. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 37,907 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $700.11 million, a PE ratio of 19.34 and a beta of 1.07. Preferred Bank has a 12 month low of $27.07 and a 12 month high of $58.12. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $52.65 and its 200-day moving average is $48.47. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be issued a $0.18 dividend. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.46%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 5th. Preferred Bank’s payout ratio is currently 28.02%. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/preferred-bank-pfbc-posts-earnings-results-beats-estimates-by-0-01-eps.html. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in PFBC. Stanley Laman Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in Preferred Bank during the third quarter worth $246,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in Preferred Bank by 27.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 34,863 shares of the bank’s stock worth $1,247,000 after buying an additional 7,558 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Preferred Bank by 3.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 258,036 shares of the bank’s stock worth $9,225,000 after buying an additional 8,361 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its stake in Preferred Bank by 18.0% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 99,105 shares of the bank’s stock worth $3,543,000 after buying an additional 15,100 shares during the period. Finally, LSV Asset Management acquired a new stake in Preferred Bank during the third quarter worth $368,000. 67.61% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Several analysts have recently weighed in on PFBC shares. Stephens reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Preferred Bank in a report on Thursday. FBR & Co boosted their target price on Preferred Bank from $60.00 to $65.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. About Preferred Bank Preferred Bank is a commercial bank. The Bank provides deposit services, as well as real estate finance, commercial loans and trade finance to small and mid-sized businesses and their owners, entrepreneurs, real estate developers and investors, professionals and high net worth individuals. The Bank offers various services, such as personal banking, business banking and treasury management. Receive News & Ratings for Preferred Bank Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Preferred Bank and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,579 +174.22 +0.85% Nasdaq 5,917 +53.74 +0.92% S&P 500 2,356 +17.67 +0.76% 3:04 A.M. ET WS Atkins jumps 4.2% after accepting SNC-Lavalin takeover bid 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,034.54 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,122.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 5,060.49 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.10 2:53 A.M. ET Updated Here’s a sign euro traders are dangerously complacent about the French election 2:41 A.M. ET SSAB swings to profit; sees higher demand ahead 2:40 A.M. ET Philips Lighting profit up 17%; holds margin view 2:39 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser revenue boosted by forex rates 2:39 A.M. ET Arkansas carries out first of eight planned executions 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil 2:33 A.M. ET Updated When are the French election results out on Sunday? 1:27 A.M. ET Oil prices steady as investors watch for OPEC signals 1:00 A.M. ET Updated Gunman slain after killing Paris police officer; Islamic State claims credit 12:09 A.M. ET Updated Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/20 BHP Billiton plans $204M expansion of coal mine 4/20 Led by Nikkei, Asian markets build on overnight gains 4/20 Elon Musk reveals Neuralink plans, including his third CEO role 4/20 When dumb things happen to smart investors 4/20 Trump: Iran ‘not living up to the spirit’ of nuclear deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Opinion: One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount By Michael Brush Published: Apr 20, 2017 11:52 a.m. ET Share The legendary investor has a $26 billion stake in Wells Fargo, which has been temporarily hurt by a bank scandal Getty Images Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett By MichaelBrush Columnist Rarely do you get the chance to buy one of Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks on sale. But that’s the case now with Wells Fargo. Sure, the bank looks pretty bad following revelations of fraud that cost it $185 million in fines last September. In this scandal, Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +2.59%  staff opened up over two million phony deposit and credit card accounts to hit aggressive sales targets so they could earn bonuses. That was dumb, and it just reinforced the rotten image people have of bankers. But as bad as the scandal was for customers, investors should be thankful because it creates a discount for the bank’s stock, which is down about 10% since the beginning of March. The S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.76%  has fallen about 1% in that same span. “You have to have some overhang that gives you the opportunity to purchase a great franchise with best-in-class return on equity at significant discount against its peers,” says Colin McWey, a portfolio manager at Heartland Funds. Heartland has a significant WFC position purchased during the stock’s weakness last year. Still, says McWey, some big questions loom. Chief among them: “What is the fallout with the brand, and is it so significant that it materially changes customer behavior in a way that precludes them from earning the superior returns?” The answer: “We think their profitability is going to stand the test of time. Over time, they are still going to be a top-tier bank,” says McWey. Insider buying He’s not the only one who thinks so. A starting point for me with most of the names I suggest in my stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks, is the right kind of insider buying. And that’s exactly what we have at Wells Fargo. At this bank, we have what I like to call “buying in size,” one of the key signals I look for to find the best insider buying signals. CEO Tim Sloan and board chair Stephen Sanger recently bought $5 million worth of stock. Sloan bought $2 million worth and Sanger purchased $3 million. That’s the highest level of quarterly insider buying at Wells Fargo in at least five years. They purchased near current levels. So you can get close to the same price they got: $51.65. Wells Fargo looks cheap The two top insiders at the company were probably buying, in part, because the stock looks cheap. The discount is striking relative to other banks and Wells Fargo’s own history. It is also remarkable, given the bank’s solid profitability. “The vast majority of banks are trading at the high end of their historical ranges,” says McWey, at Heartland Funds. But you can now buy Wells Fargo stock at a discount to its own historic range and the banking group in general. “That is unheard of,” he says. “It screams attractive.” Here are some numbers. Wells Fargo currently goes for a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 12. Its median over the past 20 years has been 13. The industry average right now is 13.6, according to Thomson Reuters. U.S. Bancorp USB, +1.99%  has a forward P/E of 14.5. At Bank of America Corp. BAC, +1.45%  the forward P/E is 13. And at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +1.29% it’s 12.5. The S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.76%  has a forward P/E of 18.2. In addition, Wells Fargo’s trailing P/E of 13.2 is way below the industry average of 16.8. All of this is remarkable given that Wells Fargo has a return on equity (ROE) of 12.6%, even after the scandal, compared with an industry average of 8.4%. “The bank that has a better ROE should have a better valuation,” says McWey. Bogus valuation history? One pushback here is that Wells Fargo’s relatively rich historical valuations and profitability are no longer meaningful. That’s because they were “bogus,” as they were base on fraud, suggested NAB Research analyst Nancy Bush during the bank’s most recent conference call. But this doesn’t really make sense to me. It’s hard to see how the creation of a bunch of fake accounts that customers never used could boost revenue or profits if they were inactive. CEO Sloan also takes issue with this analysis. “I might just push back a little bit on the ‘bogus’ comment,” Sloan said during the call, “because that would indicate that our statements were materially inaccurate, and they weren’t.” “If the bank is run properly, and I presume that is going to happen, there’s no reason it should not get back to its traditional valuation,” says bank analyst Chris Whalen of Whalen Global Advisors. The business is holding up well One of the major fears about Wells Fargo was that its storied brand will be permanently damaged by the scandal. Customers might flee, eroding the banks’ valuable low-cost source of funds gathered in deposit and checking accounts. “But we’re not seeing major deposit flight,” says McWey. Indeed, customers are sticking around at a time when industry competition for their funds is picking up for the first time in almost a decade, because interest rates are finally going up. Other metrics show the scandal is not hurting Wells Fargo’s reputation or business too much: • Loan and deposit growth are “in sync” with the industry, says Credit Suisse analyst Susan Roth Katzke. “The growth in average consumer and small-business banking deposits has remained strong, up 6% from a year ago,” Sloan said in the most recent quarterly earnings call. • Retail bank customer satisfaction scores are nearly back to levels before the fraud settlement was in the headlines last September. • The decline in customer “interactions” with branches has slowed. Online interactions are up 8% from a year ago. Overall customer attrition rates are back down to pre-settlement levels. • In March, the company saw its second month-over-month increase in checking accounts. Consumer credit card applications increased 10% compared with February, the largest month-over-month increase since September. • The value of customer assets made in referrals from community banks to Wells Fargo’s investment management side are back up to $1 billion a month, around the levels seen before the settlement. • Employee turnover is down. “The business itself is still very solid,” says Whalen, of Whalen Global Advisors. He predicts it will continue to improve. “They will get back on their game. It’s a great franchise. It’s a tarnished name at the moment, but that’s going to be forgotten soon if management can stay out of the headlines. You give this thing five or six months, and all will be forgiven.” “As we get further away from the events, client confidence should improve and their operating metrics should benefit,” agrees Macrae Sykes, a bank sector analyst at Gabelli & Co. Wells Fargo, the non-Wall Street bank One of the long-standing positives for Wells Fargo investors is that its core business is retail and small-business banking. It does very little business in trading, and mergers and acquisitions. That’s good, because these kinds of businesses can hurt shareholders. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.85%  shares declined a lot recently when performance was hit by weak trading revenue. “Wells Fargo doesn’t have the Wall Street risk. They don’t live and die on mergers and acquisitions, and trading,” says Whalen. “That’s why Warren Buffett likes it.” Risks There are risks, though. • One is more shoes to drop in the scandal. “There is uncertainty about how long these investigations will go on, including potential for criminal referrals,” says J.P. Morgan analyst Vivek Juneja, who has a “neutral” rating on the stock. “Longer term, we expect management to turn this around.” But the timing is uncertain, he says. In a worst-case scenario, the scandal and ongoing investigations permanently damage the brand. “The company is not going to fail. But this takes some of the respect away. It tends to infect the whole company, and it takes them a long time to pull out of it,” says Dave Ellison, portfolio manager of the Hennessy Large Cap Financial Fund HLFNX, +1.87% “You say, ‘OK they are no better than anyone else, and they’ve really shown it.’ ” • In part because of the costs related to the scandal, Wells Fargo’s efficiency ratio (non-interest expenses divided by revenue) recently shot up to 63%, compared with a more normal level in the mid- to upper-50% range. But the bank is working on cost cutting, and investors should hear more details at an investor day in May. • Another problem is the recent slowdown in bank loan growth, and the delays in expected tax and regulatory reform proposed by President Trump, says Baird analyst David George. If the lack of progress on reform continues, 2018 bank earnings estimates look high, he says. Whalen thinks bank stocks could fall another 10%-15% in the ongoing retrace of the “Trump bump” in banking names. Wells Fargo would get caught up in this. But it might fall less because it rose less than other banks after the election. One thing you don’t need to worry about is the ongoing Buffett selling. He’s recently sold close to 10 million shares. But that’s just because he wants to stay under a 10% position, for regulatory reasons. Buffett still owns about 491 million shares, or $25.6 billion worth. Wells Fargo is still a favorite investment. At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush has suggested JPM and GS in his stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. More from MarketWatch How Amazon will become the first $1 trillion stock Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump Corporate Hugging: A Field Guide Quote References WFC +1.35 +2.59% SPX +17.67 +0.76% USB +0.99 +1.99% BAC +0.33 +1.45% JPM +1.09 +1.29% GS +3.97 +1.85% HLFNX +0.35 +1.87% Show all references Most Popular One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt Here’s what Venezuela’s deepening crisis means for oil prices This city has the most heavily indebted homeowners in America The future of video games may be a full-body experience Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.39% 30 yr fixed 3.84% 15 yr fixed 3.04% 10 yr fixed 2.87% 30 yr fixed refi 3.84% 15 yr fixed refi 3.08% 5/1 ARM 3.1% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.84% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.87% $100K HELOC 4.59% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.57% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.64% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.00% 14.99% 14.41% Airline 15.74% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.77% 15.33% Reward 15.81% 15.80% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.25% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $53.50 +1.35 (+2.59%) Volume 31.1M Open $52.72 High $53.59 Low $52.43 P/E Ratio 13.38 Div Yield 2.84 Market Cap 260.6B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.84 +17.67 (+0.76%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,343 High 2,361 Low 2,341 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Bancorp U.S.: NYSE: USB $50.68 +0.99 (+1.99%) Volume 9.4M Open $49.79 High $50.90 Low $49.76 P/E Ratio 15.31 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 84.1B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $23.07 +0.33 (+1.45%) Volume 102.2M Open $22.96 High $23.17 Low $22.82 P/E Ratio 14.6 Div Yield 1.3 Market Cap 227.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.55 +1.09 (+1.29%) Volume 15.2M Open $84.98 High $85.78 Low $84.55 P/E Ratio 13.18 Div Yield 2.34 Market Cap 300.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.84 +17.67 (+0.76%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,343 High 2,361 Low 2,341 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $218.06 +3.97 (+1.85%) Volume 5.1M Open $215.50 High $218.98 Low $215.00 P/E Ratio 11.58 Div Yield 1.38 Market Cap 85.2B Hennessy Large Cap Financial Fund;Investor U.S.: Mutual Funds: HLFNX $19.07 +0.35 (+1.87%) Volume 0 Open $19.07 High $19.07 Low $19.07 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.55 Market Cap N/A
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American International Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for McKesson (MCK) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for American International Group (AIG) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Avista Corp’s FY2017 Earnings (AVA) Insteel Industries Inc (IIIN) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.12 EPS Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Given Equal Weight Rating at Barclays PLC Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Given New $53.00 Price Target at Wedbush International Paper Co (IP) Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada to Outperform Sun Bancorp, Inc. /NJ (SNBC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.56 Vera Bradley, Inc. (VRA) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.13 Per Share WSFS Financial Co. (WSFS) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.60 Per Share REX American Resources Corp (REX) Earning Very Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Capital Investment Advisors LLC Has $216,000 Stake in Plains GP Holdings LP (PAGP) W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Downgraded by Credit Suisse Group AG to Underperform First Financial Corp IN Has $161,000 Stake in Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Zacks: Analysts Expect Vectren Corp (VVC) to Post $0.66 EPS Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $24.374 Million Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Capital Investment Advisors LLC Has $260,000 Stake in China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) -$0.17 EPS Expected for WPX Energy Inc (WPX) This Quarter Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Stake Lowered by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $21.027 Million Stake in Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for American International Group (AIG) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of firms have modified their ratings and price targets on shares of American International Group (NYSE: AIG) recently: 4/20/2017 – American International Group had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co. They wrote, “We continue to believe the next catalyst will be the identification of the company’s new CEO. Interesting to us, AIG is holding its annual general meeting on June 28 (compared to May 11 last year) which to us indicates the company looking to have the next CEO in place ahead of that time.  Q1 earnings info. AIG plans to report earnings after the close on Wednesday, May 3 and is to host its conference call on Thursday, May 4 at 9am ET. The dial- in number is 800-347-6311; access code: 8737099.”” 4/15/2017 – American International Group was given a new $72.00 price target on by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/12/2017 – American International Group had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co. 4/3/2017 – American International Group had its price target lowered by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $69.00 to $65.00. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/28/2017 – American International Group was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating. They now have a $72.50 price target on the stock. 3/24/2017 – American International Group had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co. 3/20/2017 – American International Group had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a $71.00 price target on the stock. 3/13/2017 – American International Group was downgraded by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating. They now have a $5.00 price target on the stock, down previously from $6.00. 3/11/2017 – American International Group had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $70.00 price target on the stock. 3/2/2017 – American International Group was given a new $72.00 price target on by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 2/27/2017 – American International Group had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co. 2/24/2017 – American International Group was downgraded by analysts at TheStreet from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating. 2/20/2017 – American International Group had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a $74.00 price target on the stock. American International Group Inc (NYSE:AIG) traded up 0.42% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $59.23. 1,753,036 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $62.02 and its 200-day moving average price is $63.26. American International Group Inc has a 52 week low of $48.41 and a 52 week high of $67.47. The firm’s market cap is $58.02 billion. American International Group (NYSE:AIG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The insurance provider reported ($2.72) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.18 by $3.90. American International Group had a net margin of 0.66% and a return on equity of 1.82%. The business earned $14.13 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $11.51 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted ($1.10) earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that American International Group Inc will post $4.89 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were given a $0.32 dividend. This represents a $1.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.17%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. American International Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 290.92%. In other American International Group news, insider Philip Fasano sold 6,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.59, for a total value of $381,540.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 1.04% of the company’s stock. American International Group, Inc is a global insurance company. The Company provides a range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products and other financial services to commercial and individual customers. Its segments include Commercial Insurance, Consumer Insurance, Other Operations and Legacy Portfolio. Receive News & Ratings for American International Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American International Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Selecciona Edición España América Brasil Cataluña Newsletter Suscríbete Desplegar Cerrar Entra en EL PAÍS Conéctate ¿No estás registrado? Crea tu cuenta Suscríbete Buscador Cerrar Buscar Secciones Cerrar Selecciona Edición España América Brasil Cataluña Tamaño letra a- A+ Alto contraste Internacional mostrar/ocultar menú Internacional Europa Estados Unidos México América Latina Oriente Próximo Asia África Opinión mostrar/ocultar menú Opinión Editoriales Tribunas Viñetas España mostrar/ocultar menú España Andalucía Cataluña C. Valenciana Galicia Madrid País Vasco Más comunidades Economía mostrar/ocultar menú Economía Mercados Mis ahorros Vivienda Mis Derechos Formación Negocios Cincodías Retina Ciencia Tecnología mostrar/ocultar menú Tecnología Móviles Redes sociales Banco de pruebas Retina Meristation Cultura mostrar/ocultar menú Cultura Literatura Cine Música Teatro Danza Arte Arquitectura Toros Gente mostrar/ocultar menú Gente Estilo Viva la Diva Tendenciosas Horóscopo Estilo mostrar/ocultar menú Estilo Moda Gastronomía Gente Deportes mostrar/ocultar menú Deportes Fútbol Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Golf Otros deportes Televisión mostrar/ocultar menú Televisión Series Quinta Temporada Programas Comunicación Crítica TV Avances Programación TV In english Motor Retina Cinco Días EL PAÍS SEMANAL Babelia El Viajero Negocios Ideas Verne Planeta Futuro El Comidista Smoda BuenaVida ICON Tentaciones Mamas & Papas Fotos Viñetas Entrevistas Obituarios Hemeroteca El tiempo Servicios Blogs Promociones El País de los estudiantes Escuela de periodismo El País + Síguenos en Síguenos en Twitter Síguenos en Facebook Síguenos en Twitter Síguenos en Instagram Newsletter Suscríbete EL PAÍS In english US-VENEZUELA RELATIONS Why did Venezuela give half a million dollars to Donald Trump? US president received $106.7 million in inauguration donations, twice amount given to Obama Compartir en Facebook Compartir en Twitter Otros Cerrar Compartir en Linkedin Compartir en GooglePlus Compartir en Pinterest Ver comentarios Conéctate Conéctate Imprimir Joan Faus Twitter Corresponsal en Estados Unidos Washington 20 ABR 2017 - 16:58 CEST Donald Trump raised a record $106.7 million for his presidential inauguration festivities in January, more than double the amount collected by Barack Obama in 2009. The donor list disputes Trump’s promise to “drain the swamp” of Washington, in allusion to the financial machine that influences US politics. Donald Trump's inauguration on January 20. Carolyn Kaster AP EN ESPAÑOL El Gobierno de Caracas donó medio millón de dólares para la investidura de Trump According to official data released on Wednesday, the most generous donor was casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, a highly influential figure in Republican circles, who gave $5 million to Trump. Adelson’s plans to build Europe’s largest casino in Madrid were rejected by the Spanish government in 2013. Perhaps the least-expected donor was Citgo, the US affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, which wrote out a check for $500,000 for Trump’s inauguration. Trump has criticized President Maduro for his handling of anti-government protests The donation overshadowed the amounts provided by Pepsi ($250,000) or Walmart ($150,000), matching JP Morgan Chase and Exxon’s contributions. Whatever Venezuela’s intentions in showing such generosity, it has done nothing to dampen Trump’s criticism of President Nicolás Maduro, who faces continued protests at home and international criticism for his handling of the political and economic crisis in the South American country. US presidents establish their own criteria for donations. Trump put no upper limit on checks. In 2009, Obama refused gifts from businesses and lobbyists, while limiting amounts to $50,000. But four years later, for his second inauguration, the Democrat accepted money from business (up to $1 million), as well as individual donations of up to $250,000. Many of the companies that donated to Trump had previously given to Obama. Now, as then, there are interests at stake that depend on a decision by the most powerful man on the planet. Among the most generous donors was telecoms operator AT&T, which gave $2.1 million For example, aircraft manufacturers Boeing and Lockheed Martin each gave $1 million to Trump’s inauguration, the same amount Boeing gave to Obama in 2013, according the Reuters news agency. Before his inauguration on January 20, Trump was scathing in his criticism of the cost of the planes both manufacturers sell to the US government. The financial sector, which will be hoping the president will relax some of the restrictions imposed on it by Obama following the crisis of 2008, was also generous with Trump: banking and brokerage firm Charles Schwab and Bank of America Corp each contributed $1 million. Among the most generous donors was telecoms operator AT&T, which gave $2.1 million. The company is awaiting the government’s approval of its merger with Time Warner. It contributed $4.6 million to Obama’s second inauguration. English version by Nick Lyne. More information Defiant Venezuelan opposition to push on with protests against president Trump, the supreme leader Eurovegas not coming to Madrid after company demands rejected Trump inauguration clouded by lawsuit with Spanish chef José Andrés Vídeos Newsletters Secciones Financiación Vivienda Cursos Centros Descuentos Viajes Vinos Tienda IAhorro ¿Buscas una tarjeta de crédito? Ahorra dinero y tiempo: Analizamos todas las tarjetas del mercado Encuentra la financiación que necesitas a través de iAhorro iAhorro te ayuda a comparar y contratar los préstamos más baratos Aquí encontrarás la hipoteca más barata, sin líos y GRATIS. Información sin compromiso. En unos momentos recibirás una llamada de uno de nuestros expertos, gracias. ¡Te llamamos! He leído y acepto la política de privacidad Debes aceptar la política de privacidad Teléfono incorrecto idealista Pisos con garaje en el centro de tu ciudad Vive en el centro sin problemas de aparcamiento 20 casas para vivir en la playa y trabajar en la ciudad Viviendas por debajo de 260.000 euros que te permiten ver el mar Buscar vivienda en: Comprar Alquilar Obra Nueva Viviendas Habitación Oficinas Locales o naves Garajes Terrenos emagister.com ¿Quieres ser experto en Dirección de Compras? Lógralo en 16 meses con esta formación 100% online ¿Quieres ser Detective Privado? Lógralo con este curso 100% online Buscar cursos sobre: llama gratis al900 49 40 58 y encontraremos el curso que buscas EMagister Máster en Gestión Internacional del Turismo Aprende a liderar proyectos empresariales en el sector turístico Obtén tu Certificación en SAP ERP Financials Aprende a utilizar los mejores softwares de gestión con este máster Encuentra aquí tu Centro de Formación ver directorio de centros › llama gratis al 900494058 y encontraremos el curso que buscas Descuentos ¿Quieres un código descuento Zalando? En Descuentos EL PAÍS tenemos uno del 10% para toda la web ¿Quieres un código descuento Groupon? Consigue en Descuentos EL PAÍS 6€ de descuentos para toda la web Encuentra los mejores códigos y cupones descuento online ir a descuentos el país > El País Viajes Dioses y Mitos de Madrid Descubre Madrid de la mano de Espido Freire ¿Te gusta correr? Ven a la Desert Run con David Plaza Una experiencia de superación y emoción en un Marruecos imponente Encuentra tu viaje con nuestros expertos ver EL PAÍS VIAJES › llama al 902 101 973 y reserva tu viaje   El País Club de Vinos 6 vinos de Bodegas Tarsus por 48,95€ Date de alta en EL PAÍS Club y te descontamos 10€ + envío gratis La Primavera, el vino altera Los mejores vinos para disfrutar de los primeros rayos de sol Compra ahora tus vinos preferidos en EL PAÍS Club de Vinos Tienda Colchón viscoelástico de Aloe Vera desde 134 € Págalo en cómodos plazos. Tú eliges las cuotas Superoferta: TV LED de LG 32" por 199 € con envío gratis Unidades limitadas. Puedes pagarlo a plazos. Los mejores productos al mejor precio, seleccionados para ti Lo más visto en... » Top 50 EL PAÍS Twitter Verne In English Desde España Desde América 1VídeoThe short film containing 100 sexist phrases that women can’t escape 2Spanish PM Rajoy on the ropes as wave of corruption scandals hit ruling party 3Dig uncovers unique building from mysterious Tartessos culture 4Why did Venezuela give half a million dollars to Donald Trump? 5Ex-regional premier of Madrid arrested in major anti-corruption operation 6Mexican man falsely accused of trafficking daughter on United flight 7Spain’s top 10 bike routes 8IMF raises Spain’s 2017 growth forecast to 2.6% as global economy recovers 9After UK calls election, Spanish royals scramble to find new date for visit 10Eight months on, judge shelves case of missing Spanish teen Diana Quer 1VídeoAsí es el presa canario, un perro peligroso que ha matado a su dueña en Madrid 2VídeoUn policía muerto y otros dos heridos en un tiroteo en París 3Los mensajes ocultos de las fotos que Melania Trump subió a Twitter 4VídeoMarhuenda, sobre su imputación: “Eran conversaciones con un amigo desesperado” 5VídeoMuere una mujer en Madrid por las mordeduras de su perro 6Cómo convertir un pensamiento negativo en uno positivo (aunque todo siga yendo fatal) 7VídeoCaracas donó medio millón de dólares para la investidura de Trump 8VídeoAguirre convierte el juicio de la Gürtel en una defensa de sus éxitos políticos 9VídeoEl juez investiga al presidente y al director de ‘La Razón’ por coacciones a Cifuentes 10González reclamó dinero a empresas para la campaña del PP en 2011 1Atividade incomum em uma base nuclear norte-coreana: um jogo de voleibol 2Los mensajes ocultos de las fotos que Melania Trump subió a Twitter 3VídeoProtestas en Caracas, minuto a minuto 4VídeoUn policía muerto y otros dos heridos en un tiroteo en París 5VídeoCaracas donó medio millón de dólares para la investidura de Trump 6VídeoAsí es el presa canario, un perro peligroso que ha matado a su dueña en Madrid 7Visita ao Papa, café da manhã e demissão: tudo vira quadro no ‘reality show’ de João Doria 8Brotes de capitalismo en Corea del Norte 9Cómo convertir un pensamiento negativo en uno positivo (aunque todo siga yendo fatal) 10VídeoLa armada nuclear enviada por Trump a Corea del Norte tomó el rumbo contrario 1VídeoUn policía muerto y otros dos heridos en un tiroteo en París 2Marcha en Venezuela contra el Gobierno de Nicolás Maduro 3VídeoLa oposición venezolana opta por la movilización permanente en la calle 4VídeoCaracas donó medio millón de dólares para la investidura de Trump 5La oposición venezolana apuesta al desgaste en las calles del Gobierno 6VídeoProtestas en Caracas, minuto a minuto 7El presidente Juan Manuel Santos es llamado a rendir versión libre por el ‘caso Odebrecht’ 8Maduro ordena investigar a Movistar: “Se sumó a la convocatoria golpista” 9Cómo convertir un pensamiento negativo en uno positivo (aunque todo siga yendo fatal) 10Anticorrupción solicitará cárcel para Ignacio González y su principal testaferro 1VídeoLa original técnica para que crucen los peatones en el maratón de Boston 2VídeoNos congratula recordar los mejores momentos de ‘El informal’ 15 años después 3Se le queda la mano atrapada en un sumidero en San Sebastián al intentar recuperar 50 euros 4Vídeo100 comentarios machistas que las mujeres escuchan desde niñas en un corto de 5 minutos 5VídeoAsí sería '20 de abril del 90' en la época de internet 6Una actriz de ‘Stranger Things’ aconseja a los jóvenes con depresión no ver ‘13 reasons why’ 7La vuelta al mundo en 144 libros: un mapamundi hecho con portadas 8VídeoEste legionario en miniatura canta 'El novio de la muerte' durante una procesión malagueña 9En estas ilusiones ópticas se esconde una campaña de adopción de animales 1021 frases para decir que no eres machista (y que demuestran lo contrario) Comentarios Normas Entra en EL PAÍS E-mail Contraseña Entra Recupera contraseña ¿No estás registrado? Crea tu cuenta © EDICIONES EL PAÍS S.L. Contacto Venta de contenidos Publicidad Aviso legal Política cookies Mapa EL PAÍS en KIOSKOyMÁS Índice RSS Una empresa de PRISA Medios Grupo Prisa El PAÍS Los 40 principales Santillana Santillana Compartir tvi Cadena SER AS.com adn Caracol Huffington Post UNO wradio Cinco Días continental Máxima M80 radio Cadena Dial Kebuena Podium podcasts Richmond Moderna Plural tvi24 El PaÍs ICON Planeta futuro loqueleo Meristation S moda Rádio Comercial Webs de PRISA cerrar ventana SANTILLANA SANTILLANA Global Richmond SANTILLANA Argentina Bolivia Brasil Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador España Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras México Panamá Paraguay Perú Portugal Rep. Dominicana Uruguay Venezuela loqueleo SANTILLANA ESPAÑOL SANTILLANA FRANCES Sistema UNO Santillana Compartir IneveryCREA Fundación Santillana Brasil España Colombia Seminario Periodismo Cultural Foro de industrias culturales Essay & Science Premio Viva Lectura El Boomeran(g) PRISA NOTICIAS PRISA Noticias EL PAÍS EL PAÍS América EL PAÍS Brasil EL PAÍS in English EL PAÍS Cataluña EL PAÍS Vídeo Blogs EL PAÍS Babelia EL PAÍS Semanal ICON Planeta Futuro Tentaciones Verne El Viajero S Moda BuenaVida El Comidista EL PAÍS + Escuela de Periodismo EL PAÍS de los Estudiantes Librotea Descuentos EL PAÍS EL PAÍS Club de Vinos Clasificados EL PAÍS Directorio de centros EL PAÍS Viajes Selección EL PAÍS AS AS Chile AS Colombia AS México AS USA AS América AS English Resultados deportivos ASTV TikiTakas Epik BeTech AS Descuentos Megastore Promociones Concursos AS-outlet Cinco Días Smartlife Territorio Pyme Cinco Sentidos Zona Trading El Huffington Post MeriStation MeriStation México El Motor PRISA RADIO PRISA Radio RADIO HABLADA ADN Radio Cadena SER Caracol Radio Caracol 1260 GLR Networks Radio Continental Radio Panamá W Radio EE UU Colombia México Estadio W Panamá RADIO MUSICAL LOS40 Argentina Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador España Guatemala México Panamá Paraguay Rep. Dominicana Arpegio Aspen Bésame Colombia Costa Rica Panamá Cadena DIAL Concierto Corazón FMDOS Futuro KeBuena España México Máxima FM M80 Radio Oxígeno Pudahuel Q Hubo Radioacktiva Radioactiva Radio Imagina Radio Uno Radiolé Rock&Pop RQP Tropicana La Vallenata Viva Radio MÚSICA Merchandising On Stage Planet Events RLM Tyrona Eventos PRISA Audiovisual MEDIA CAPITAL TV TVI TVI24 TVI Internacional TVI Ficção TVI Reality TVI África TVI Player PRODUCCIÓN AUDIOVISUAL Plural Entertainment RADIO Radio Comercial M80 SmoothFM Cidade FM Vodafone FM DIGITAL IOL Maisfutebol Autoportal Blogs Negócios PRISA PRISA PRISA INN toyoutome blog COMERCIAL Y MARKETING PRISA Brand Solutions cerrar
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Brokers Set Expectations for Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (SPB) Carpenter Technology Co. Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.32 Per Share (CRS) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Canadian National Railway Company’s FY2017 Earnings (CNR) Willis Towers Watson PLC (WLTW) Position Increased by Telemus Capital LLC Telemus Capital LLC Has $700,000 Position in American Water Works Company Inc (AWK) Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Akebia Therapeutics (AKBA) Stock Price Cohen Capital Management Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Praxair, Inc. (PX) Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Amgen (AMGN) Share Price Cohen Capital Management Inc. Maintains Stake in Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL Holds Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Corning Incorporated (GLW) Position Increased by Telemus Capital LLC Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Stake Increased by Telemus Capital LLC Credicorp Ltd. (BAP) Shares Sold by SeaBridge Investment Advisors LLC Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Position Raised by Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL $619.9 Million in Sales Expected for Zions Bancorp (ZION) This Quarter FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Given “Neutral” Rating at Mizuho Edgewell Personal Care’s (EPC) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Given “Overweight” Rating at Barclays PLC Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report issued on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has $12.00 target price on the medical equipment provider’s stock. According to Zacks, “NovoCure Limited is an oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a therapy called Tumor Treating Fields for the treatment of solid tumor cancers. It operates primarily in the United States, Germany, Switzerland and Japan. NovoCure Limited is based in Saint Helier, Channel Islands. “ Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Aegis reissued a buy rating and set a $14.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating and set a $14.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Sunday, February 26th. Wells Fargo & Co downgraded shares of Novocure from an outperform rating to a market perform rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Wedbush reissued an outperform rating and set a $20.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, JMP Securities reissued an outperform rating and set a $34.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. Novocure presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $17.00. Shares of Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) traded up 3.51% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $11.49. 240,787 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company’s market cap is $1.00 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is $8.58 and its 200 day moving average is $7.91. Novocure has a 52-week low of $5.95 and a 52-week high of $14.93. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.26) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.39) by $0.13. The business had revenue of $30.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $26.95 million. Novocure had a negative net margin of 219.29% and a negative return on equity of 69.89%. Equities analysts forecast that Novocure will post ($0.91) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/novocure-ltd-nvcr-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-buy.html. In related news, insider Yoram Palti sold 16,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.64, for a total value of $170,240.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 143,825 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,530,298. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Gert L. Perlhagen purchased 125,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $6.93 per share, for a total transaction of $866,250.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 6,125,000 shares in the company, valued at $42,446,250. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 28,000 shares of company stock worth $297,920. 33.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Flinton Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Novocure during the fourth quarter worth about $111,000. Creative Planning raised its position in shares of Novocure by 32.1% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 16,857 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $137,000 after buying an additional 4,100 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Novocure by 21.2% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 95,674 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $751,000 after buying an additional 16,741 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its position in shares of Novocure by 18.4% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 98,087 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock worth $770,000 after buying an additional 15,218 shares during the period. Finally, Courage Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Novocure during the third quarter worth $4,270,000. Institutional investors own 21.98% of the company’s stock. Novocure Company Profile NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Novocure (NVCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,579 +174.22 +0.85% Nasdaq 5,917 +53.74 +0.92% S&P 500 2,356 +17.67 +0.76% 3:04 A.M. ET WS Atkins jumps 4.2% after accepting SNC-Lavalin takeover bid 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,034.54 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,122.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 5,060.49 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.10 2:53 A.M. ET Updated Here’s a sign euro traders are dangerously complacent about the French election 2:41 A.M. ET SSAB swings to profit; sees higher demand ahead 2:40 A.M. ET Philips Lighting profit up 17%; holds margin view 2:39 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser revenue boosted by forex rates 2:39 A.M. ET Arkansas carries out first of eight planned executions 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil 2:33 A.M. ET Updated When are the French election results out on Sunday? 1:27 A.M. ET Oil prices steady as investors watch for OPEC signals 1:00 A.M. ET Updated Gunman slain after killing Paris police officer; Islamic State claims credit 12:09 A.M. ET Updated Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/20 BHP Billiton plans $204M expansion of coal mine 4/20 Led by Nikkei, Asian markets build on overnight gains 4/20 Elon Musk reveals Neuralink plans, including his third CEO role 4/20 When dumb things happen to smart investors 4/20 Trump: Iran ‘not living up to the spirit’ of nuclear deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Opinion: One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount By Michael Brush Published: Apr 20, 2017 11:52 a.m. ET Share The legendary investor has a $26 billion stake in Wells Fargo, which has been temporarily hurt by a bank scandal Getty Images Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett By MichaelBrush Columnist Rarely do you get the chance to buy one of Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks on sale. But that’s the case now with Wells Fargo. Sure, the bank looks pretty bad following revelations of fraud that cost it $185 million in fines last September. In this scandal, Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +2.59%  staff opened up over two million phony deposit and credit card accounts to hit aggressive sales targets so they could earn bonuses. That was dumb, and it just reinforced the rotten image people have of bankers. But as bad as the scandal was for customers, investors should be thankful because it creates a discount for the bank’s stock, which is down about 10% since the beginning of March. The S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.76%  has fallen about 1% in that same span. “You have to have some overhang that gives you the opportunity to purchase a great franchise with best-in-class return on equity at significant discount against its peers,” says Colin McWey, a portfolio manager at Heartland Funds. Heartland has a significant WFC position purchased during the stock’s weakness last year. Still, says McWey, some big questions loom. Chief among them: “What is the fallout with the brand, and is it so significant that it materially changes customer behavior in a way that precludes them from earning the superior returns?” The answer: “We think their profitability is going to stand the test of time. Over time, they are still going to be a top-tier bank,” says McWey. Insider buying He’s not the only one who thinks so. A starting point for me with most of the names I suggest in my stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks, is the right kind of insider buying. And that’s exactly what we have at Wells Fargo. At this bank, we have what I like to call “buying in size,” one of the key signals I look for to find the best insider buying signals. CEO Tim Sloan and board chair Stephen Sanger recently bought $5 million worth of stock. Sloan bought $2 million worth and Sanger purchased $3 million. That’s the highest level of quarterly insider buying at Wells Fargo in at least five years. They purchased near current levels. So you can get close to the same price they got: $51.65. Wells Fargo looks cheap The two top insiders at the company were probably buying, in part, because the stock looks cheap. The discount is striking relative to other banks and Wells Fargo’s own history. It is also remarkable, given the bank’s solid profitability. “The vast majority of banks are trading at the high end of their historical ranges,” says McWey, at Heartland Funds. But you can now buy Wells Fargo stock at a discount to its own historic range and the banking group in general. “That is unheard of,” he says. “It screams attractive.” Here are some numbers. Wells Fargo currently goes for a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 12. Its median over the past 20 years has been 13. The industry average right now is 13.6, according to Thomson Reuters. U.S. Bancorp USB, +1.99%  has a forward P/E of 14.5. At Bank of America Corp. BAC, +1.45%  the forward P/E is 13. And at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +1.29% it’s 12.5. The S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.76%  has a forward P/E of 18.2. In addition, Wells Fargo’s trailing P/E of 13.2 is way below the industry average of 16.8. All of this is remarkable given that Wells Fargo has a return on equity (ROE) of 12.6%, even after the scandal, compared with an industry average of 8.4%. “The bank that has a better ROE should have a better valuation,” says McWey. Bogus valuation history? One pushback here is that Wells Fargo’s relatively rich historical valuations and profitability are no longer meaningful. That’s because they were “bogus,” as they were base on fraud, suggested NAB Research analyst Nancy Bush during the bank’s most recent conference call. But this doesn’t really make sense to me. It’s hard to see how the creation of a bunch of fake accounts that customers never used could boost revenue or profits if they were inactive. CEO Sloan also takes issue with this analysis. “I might just push back a little bit on the ‘bogus’ comment,” Sloan said during the call, “because that would indicate that our statements were materially inaccurate, and they weren’t.” “If the bank is run properly, and I presume that is going to happen, there’s no reason it should not get back to its traditional valuation,” says bank analyst Chris Whalen of Whalen Global Advisors. The business is holding up well One of the major fears about Wells Fargo was that its storied brand will be permanently damaged by the scandal. Customers might flee, eroding the banks’ valuable low-cost source of funds gathered in deposit and checking accounts. “But we’re not seeing major deposit flight,” says McWey. Indeed, customers are sticking around at a time when industry competition for their funds is picking up for the first time in almost a decade, because interest rates are finally going up. Other metrics show the scandal is not hurting Wells Fargo’s reputation or business too much: • Loan and deposit growth are “in sync” with the industry, says Credit Suisse analyst Susan Roth Katzke. “The growth in average consumer and small-business banking deposits has remained strong, up 6% from a year ago,” Sloan said in the most recent quarterly earnings call. • Retail bank customer satisfaction scores are nearly back to levels before the fraud settlement was in the headlines last September. • The decline in customer “interactions” with branches has slowed. Online interactions are up 8% from a year ago. Overall customer attrition rates are back down to pre-settlement levels. • In March, the company saw its second month-over-month increase in checking accounts. Consumer credit card applications increased 10% compared with February, the largest month-over-month increase since September. • The value of customer assets made in referrals from community banks to Wells Fargo’s investment management side are back up to $1 billion a month, around the levels seen before the settlement. • Employee turnover is down. “The business itself is still very solid,” says Whalen, of Whalen Global Advisors. He predicts it will continue to improve. “They will get back on their game. It’s a great franchise. It’s a tarnished name at the moment, but that’s going to be forgotten soon if management can stay out of the headlines. You give this thing five or six months, and all will be forgiven.” “As we get further away from the events, client confidence should improve and their operating metrics should benefit,” agrees Macrae Sykes, a bank sector analyst at Gabelli & Co. Wells Fargo, the non-Wall Street bank One of the long-standing positives for Wells Fargo investors is that its core business is retail and small-business banking. It does very little business in trading, and mergers and acquisitions. That’s good, because these kinds of businesses can hurt shareholders. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.85%  shares declined a lot recently when performance was hit by weak trading revenue. “Wells Fargo doesn’t have the Wall Street risk. They don’t live and die on mergers and acquisitions, and trading,” says Whalen. “That’s why Warren Buffett likes it.” Risks There are risks, though. • One is more shoes to drop in the scandal. “There is uncertainty about how long these investigations will go on, including potential for criminal referrals,” says J.P. Morgan analyst Vivek Juneja, who has a “neutral” rating on the stock. “Longer term, we expect management to turn this around.” But the timing is uncertain, he says. In a worst-case scenario, the scandal and ongoing investigations permanently damage the brand. “The company is not going to fail. But this takes some of the respect away. It tends to infect the whole company, and it takes them a long time to pull out of it,” says Dave Ellison, portfolio manager of the Hennessy Large Cap Financial Fund HLFNX, +1.87% “You say, ‘OK they are no better than anyone else, and they’ve really shown it.’ ” • In part because of the costs related to the scandal, Wells Fargo’s efficiency ratio (non-interest expenses divided by revenue) recently shot up to 63%, compared with a more normal level in the mid- to upper-50% range. But the bank is working on cost cutting, and investors should hear more details at an investor day in May. • Another problem is the recent slowdown in bank loan growth, and the delays in expected tax and regulatory reform proposed by President Trump, says Baird analyst David George. If the lack of progress on reform continues, 2018 bank earnings estimates look high, he says. Whalen thinks bank stocks could fall another 10%-15% in the ongoing retrace of the “Trump bump” in banking names. Wells Fargo would get caught up in this. But it might fall less because it rose less than other banks after the election. One thing you don’t need to worry about is the ongoing Buffett selling. He’s recently sold close to 10 million shares. But that’s just because he wants to stay under a 10% position, for regulatory reasons. Buffett still owns about 491 million shares, or $25.6 billion worth. Wells Fargo is still a favorite investment. At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush has suggested JPM and GS in his stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. More from MarketWatch This new luxury card competes with Amex Platinum and Chase Sapphire Reserve Number of people collecting unemployment checks hits 17-year low, jobless claims show One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Quote References WFC +1.35 +2.59% SPX +17.67 +0.76% USB +0.99 +1.99% BAC +0.33 +1.45% JPM +1.09 +1.29% GS +3.97 +1.85% HLFNX +0.35 +1.87% Show all references Most Popular One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt Here’s what Venezuela’s deepening crisis means for oil prices This city has the most heavily indebted homeowners in America The future of video games may be a full-body experience Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.39% 30 yr fixed 3.84% 15 yr fixed 3.04% 10 yr fixed 2.87% 30 yr fixed refi 3.84% 15 yr fixed refi 3.08% 5/1 ARM 3.1% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.84% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.87% $100K HELOC 4.59% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.57% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.64% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.00% 14.99% 14.41% Airline 15.74% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.77% 15.33% Reward 15.81% 15.80% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.25% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $53.50 +1.35 (+2.59%) Volume 31.1M Open $52.72 High $53.59 Low $52.43 P/E Ratio 13.38 Div Yield 2.84 Market Cap 260.6B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.84 +17.67 (+0.76%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,343 High 2,361 Low 2,341 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Bancorp U.S.: NYSE: USB $50.68 +0.99 (+1.99%) Volume 9.4M Open $49.79 High $50.90 Low $49.76 P/E Ratio 15.31 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 84.1B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $23.07 +0.33 (+1.45%) Volume 102.2M Open $22.96 High $23.17 Low $22.82 P/E Ratio 14.6 Div Yield 1.3 Market Cap 227.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.55 +1.09 (+1.29%) Volume 15.2M Open $84.98 High $85.78 Low $84.55 P/E Ratio 13.18 Div Yield 2.34 Market Cap 300.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.84 +17.67 (+0.76%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,343 High 2,361 Low 2,341 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $218.06 +3.97 (+1.85%) Volume 5.1M Open $215.50 High $218.98 Low $215.00 P/E Ratio 11.58 Div Yield 1.38 Market Cap 85.2B Hennessy Large Cap Financial Fund;Investor U.S.: Mutual Funds: HLFNX $19.07 +0.35 (+1.87%) Volume 0 Open $19.07 High $19.07 Low $19.07 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.55 Market Cap N/A
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Real Estate Forum and GlobeSt Honor Five Separate Stroock Transactions Nationally for Best Deals of 2016 Leading real estate publisher recognizes Stroock deals in New York, Washington, DC and Miami, including several of the largest real estate transactions in U.S. for past year News provided by Stroock 20 Apr, 2017, 11:43 ET Share this article NEW YORK, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --  In a strong display of the recent success of Stroock's national Real Estate Practice, Real Estate Forum has recognized five separate transactions in which the firm played a pivotal advisory role in the just-published "Best of 2016: Deals, Dealmakers, Places & Placemakers" special issue.  Drawn from hundreds of submissions and covered transactions in the Forum's national database, the winning transactions "truly had an enormous impact on the industry, their firms and their local and regional markets," the editors noted in announcing their selections. The winners are being showcased in Real Estate Forum's Annual Review & Forecast Issue, as well as its sibling online news site GlobeSt.com. The Stroock deals featured were noteworthy for representing three key markets where the firm is based – New York, Washington, DC and Miami. They include several of the largest property transactions recorded in 2016. And they reflect Stroock's representation of important constituencies across the U.S. real estate landscape – owner/developers, as well as private equity investors and key commercial lenders. "We are thrilled that Real Estate Forum has called out five of our transactions for its selection of the best deals in the U.S. in 2016," said Jeff Keitelman, Stroock's co-managing partner and co-chair of the Real Estate Practice. "The matters chosen are an excellent reflection of the elite caliber of work our group is handling nationally for clients, in financing, developing and selling major real estate assets. They also comprise a good snapshot of how broad-based our practice is and the types of projects on which we advise – from trophy office towers and mixed-use developments to industrial parks and multifamily residences." A summary of Stroock's transactions contributing to Real Estate Forum's "Best of 2016" include: One of the largest real estate transactions in New York City:  Stroock represented the owners of 10 Hudson Yards (a joint venture between affiliates of The Related Companies, Oxford Properties Group Inc., an undisclosed sovereign wealth fund, and a domestic pension investor) in its $2.15 billion equity recapitalization.  10 Hudson Yards is the new 1.7 million square-foot destination development on Manhattan's west side.  The Stroock deal team included Steven Moskowitz , Diana Brummer, Jeffrey Uffner and Steven Rabitz. One of the largest real estate transactions in the U.S.:  Stroock represented a fund advised by JPMorgan, as a joint venture partner with AXA Financial, in the sale of 1285 Avenue of the Americas, a 42-story, 1.7 million square-foot office building located in Rockefeller Center. Designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, a pinnacle example of international modernist office design, was for many years known as the Equitable Building and remains a prime location for many of New York's leading financial and professional service tenants. The Stroock team included Steven Horowitz, Brian Diamond and Elizabeth Akerman.  The redevelopment of the former Washington Post site:  Stroock represented Carr Properties in the $525 million syndicated construction loan for the redevelopment of the former Washington Post site in the center of the nation's capital.  Stroock also represented Carr in the acquisition of land from the Washington Post company, as well as the neighboring building known as Columbia Center.  The project included a large demolition effort of the existing Washington Post buildings as well as ongoing construction of two 14-story mixed-use buildings with Fannie Mae as the anchor tenant.  The Stroock team included Jeffrey Keitelman, Steven Moskowitz, Marc Hurel, Mayer Greenberg, Joseph Miller, E. Gail Suchman, Kelly Booker, Mitchell Snow and Deborah Bernstein.   The largest New York City multifamily transaction of 2016:  Stroock advised leading private equity investor the Blackstone Group as land use and government relations counsel in the $620 million purchase of Kips Bay Court, an eight-building, 894-unit rental complex.  The Stroock team included Ross Moskowitz and John Egnatios-Beene. The second largest industrial real estate sale in South Florida:  Stroock is representing JPMorgan in the acquisition and creation of a newly developed industrial park in a prime location adjacent to the main airport in the Miami-Dade County area.  This transaction has required creative solutions to complex legal challenges due to the existence of various stakeholders and unique environmental aspects such as pipeline easements and the airport's rights.  The Stroock team included Brian Diamond, Ira Teicher, Nicholas Richard and Sam Rezvani. Stroock provides strategic transactional, regulatory and litigation advice to advance the business objectives of leading financial institutions, multinational corporations and entrepreneurial businesses in the U.S. and globally.  Stroock's award-winning national Real Estate practice handles some of the most complex, high-profile real estate transactions in the country.  With a rich history dating back 140 years, the firm has offices in New York, Washington, DC, Los Angeles and Miami.  For more information, visit www.stroock.com. Contact: Wayne Kessler, Stroock 212.806.5448 wkessler@stroock.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/real-estate-forum-and-globest-honor-five-separate-stroock-transactions-nationally-for-best-deals-of-2016-300442796.html SOURCE Stroock Related Links http://www.stroock.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Real Estate Forum and GlobeSt Honor Five Separate Stroock Transactions Nationally for Best Deals of 2016 News provided by Stroock 20 Apr, 2017, 11:43 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Latest News Dow 20,579 +174.22 +0.85% Nasdaq 5,917 +53.74 +0.92% S&P 500 2,356 +17.67 +0.76% 3:04 A.M. ET WS Atkins jumps 4.2% after accepting SNC-Lavalin takeover bid 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,034.54 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,122.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 5,060.49 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.10 2:53 A.M. ET Updated Here’s a sign euro traders are dangerously complacent about the French election 2:41 A.M. ET SSAB swings to profit; sees higher demand ahead 2:40 A.M. ET Philips Lighting profit up 17%; holds margin view 2:39 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser revenue boosted by forex rates 2:39 A.M. ET Arkansas carries out first of eight planned executions 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil 2:33 A.M. ET Updated When are the French election results out on Sunday? 1:27 A.M. ET Oil prices steady as investors watch for OPEC signals 1:00 A.M. ET Updated Gunman slain after killing Paris police officer; Islamic State claims credit 12:09 A.M. ET Updated Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/20 BHP Billiton plans $204M expansion of coal mine 4/20 Led by Nikkei, Asian markets build on overnight gains 4/20 Elon Musk reveals Neuralink plans, including his third CEO role 4/20 When dumb things happen to smart investors 4/20 Trump: Iran ‘not living up to the spirit’ of nuclear deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Opinion: One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount By Michael Brush Published: Apr 20, 2017 11:52 a.m. ET Share The legendary investor has a $26 billion stake in Wells Fargo, which has been temporarily hurt by a bank scandal Getty Images Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett By MichaelBrush Columnist Rarely do you get the chance to buy one of Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks on sale. But that’s the case now with Wells Fargo. Sure, the bank looks pretty bad following revelations of fraud that cost it $185 million in fines last September. In this scandal, Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +2.59%  staff opened up over two million phony deposit and credit card accounts to hit aggressive sales targets so they could earn bonuses. That was dumb, and it just reinforced the rotten image people have of bankers. But as bad as the scandal was for customers, investors should be thankful because it creates a discount for the bank’s stock, which is down about 10% since the beginning of March. The S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.76%  has fallen about 1% in that same span. “You have to have some overhang that gives you the opportunity to purchase a great franchise with best-in-class return on equity at significant discount against its peers,” says Colin McWey, a portfolio manager at Heartland Funds. Heartland has a significant WFC position purchased during the stock’s weakness last year. Still, says McWey, some big questions loom. Chief among them: “What is the fallout with the brand, and is it so significant that it materially changes customer behavior in a way that precludes them from earning the superior returns?” The answer: “We think their profitability is going to stand the test of time. Over time, they are still going to be a top-tier bank,” says McWey. Insider buying He’s not the only one who thinks so. A starting point for me with most of the names I suggest in my stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks, is the right kind of insider buying. And that’s exactly what we have at Wells Fargo. At this bank, we have what I like to call “buying in size,” one of the key signals I look for to find the best insider buying signals. CEO Tim Sloan and board chair Stephen Sanger recently bought $5 million worth of stock. Sloan bought $2 million worth and Sanger purchased $3 million. That’s the highest level of quarterly insider buying at Wells Fargo in at least five years. They purchased near current levels. So you can get close to the same price they got: $51.65. Wells Fargo looks cheap The two top insiders at the company were probably buying, in part, because the stock looks cheap. The discount is striking relative to other banks and Wells Fargo’s own history. It is also remarkable, given the bank’s solid profitability. “The vast majority of banks are trading at the high end of their historical ranges,” says McWey, at Heartland Funds. But you can now buy Wells Fargo stock at a discount to its own historic range and the banking group in general. “That is unheard of,” he says. “It screams attractive.” Here are some numbers. Wells Fargo currently goes for a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 12. Its median over the past 20 years has been 13. The industry average right now is 13.6, according to Thomson Reuters. U.S. Bancorp USB, +1.99%  has a forward P/E of 14.5. At Bank of America Corp. BAC, +1.45%  the forward P/E is 13. And at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +1.29% it’s 12.5. The S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.76%  has a forward P/E of 18.2. In addition, Wells Fargo’s trailing P/E of 13.2 is way below the industry average of 16.8. All of this is remarkable given that Wells Fargo has a return on equity (ROE) of 12.6%, even after the scandal, compared with an industry average of 8.4%. “The bank that has a better ROE should have a better valuation,” says McWey. Bogus valuation history? One pushback here is that Wells Fargo’s relatively rich historical valuations and profitability are no longer meaningful. That’s because they were “bogus,” as they were base on fraud, suggested NAB Research analyst Nancy Bush during the bank’s most recent conference call. But this doesn’t really make sense to me. It’s hard to see how the creation of a bunch of fake accounts that customers never used could boost revenue or profits if they were inactive. CEO Sloan also takes issue with this analysis. “I might just push back a little bit on the ‘bogus’ comment,” Sloan said during the call, “because that would indicate that our statements were materially inaccurate, and they weren’t.” “If the bank is run properly, and I presume that is going to happen, there’s no reason it should not get back to its traditional valuation,” says bank analyst Chris Whalen of Whalen Global Advisors. The business is holding up well One of the major fears about Wells Fargo was that its storied brand will be permanently damaged by the scandal. Customers might flee, eroding the banks’ valuable low-cost source of funds gathered in deposit and checking accounts. “But we’re not seeing major deposit flight,” says McWey. Indeed, customers are sticking around at a time when industry competition for their funds is picking up for the first time in almost a decade, because interest rates are finally going up. Other metrics show the scandal is not hurting Wells Fargo’s reputation or business too much: • Loan and deposit growth are “in sync” with the industry, says Credit Suisse analyst Susan Roth Katzke. “The growth in average consumer and small-business banking deposits has remained strong, up 6% from a year ago,” Sloan said in the most recent quarterly earnings call. • Retail bank customer satisfaction scores are nearly back to levels before the fraud settlement was in the headlines last September. • The decline in customer “interactions” with branches has slowed. Online interactions are up 8% from a year ago. Overall customer attrition rates are back down to pre-settlement levels. • In March, the company saw its second month-over-month increase in checking accounts. Consumer credit card applications increased 10% compared with February, the largest month-over-month increase since September. • The value of customer assets made in referrals from community banks to Wells Fargo’s investment management side are back up to $1 billion a month, around the levels seen before the settlement. • Employee turnover is down. “The business itself is still very solid,” says Whalen, of Whalen Global Advisors. He predicts it will continue to improve. “They will get back on their game. It’s a great franchise. It’s a tarnished name at the moment, but that’s going to be forgotten soon if management can stay out of the headlines. You give this thing five or six months, and all will be forgiven.” “As we get further away from the events, client confidence should improve and their operating metrics should benefit,” agrees Macrae Sykes, a bank sector analyst at Gabelli & Co. Wells Fargo, the non-Wall Street bank One of the long-standing positives for Wells Fargo investors is that its core business is retail and small-business banking. It does very little business in trading, and mergers and acquisitions. That’s good, because these kinds of businesses can hurt shareholders. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.85%  shares declined a lot recently when performance was hit by weak trading revenue. “Wells Fargo doesn’t have the Wall Street risk. They don’t live and die on mergers and acquisitions, and trading,” says Whalen. “That’s why Warren Buffett likes it.” Risks There are risks, though. • One is more shoes to drop in the scandal. “There is uncertainty about how long these investigations will go on, including potential for criminal referrals,” says J.P. Morgan analyst Vivek Juneja, who has a “neutral” rating on the stock. “Longer term, we expect management to turn this around.” But the timing is uncertain, he says. In a worst-case scenario, the scandal and ongoing investigations permanently damage the brand. “The company is not going to fail. But this takes some of the respect away. It tends to infect the whole company, and it takes them a long time to pull out of it,” says Dave Ellison, portfolio manager of the Hennessy Large Cap Financial Fund HLFNX, +1.87% “You say, ‘OK they are no better than anyone else, and they’ve really shown it.’ ” • In part because of the costs related to the scandal, Wells Fargo’s efficiency ratio (non-interest expenses divided by revenue) recently shot up to 63%, compared with a more normal level in the mid- to upper-50% range. But the bank is working on cost cutting, and investors should hear more details at an investor day in May. • Another problem is the recent slowdown in bank loan growth, and the delays in expected tax and regulatory reform proposed by President Trump, says Baird analyst David George. If the lack of progress on reform continues, 2018 bank earnings estimates look high, he says. Whalen thinks bank stocks could fall another 10%-15% in the ongoing retrace of the “Trump bump” in banking names. Wells Fargo would get caught up in this. But it might fall less because it rose less than other banks after the election. One thing you don’t need to worry about is the ongoing Buffett selling. He’s recently sold close to 10 million shares. But that’s just because he wants to stay under a 10% position, for regulatory reasons. Buffett still owns about 491 million shares, or $25.6 billion worth. Wells Fargo is still a favorite investment. At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush has suggested JPM and GS in his stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. More from MarketWatch This new luxury card competes with Amex Platinum and Chase Sapphire Reserve Number of people collecting unemployment checks hits 17-year low, jobless claims show One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Quote References WFC +1.35 +2.59% SPX +17.67 +0.76% USB +0.99 +1.99% BAC +0.33 +1.45% JPM +1.09 +1.29% GS +3.97 +1.85% HLFNX +0.35 +1.87% Show all references Most Popular One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt Here’s what Venezuela’s deepening crisis means for oil prices This city has the most heavily indebted homeowners in America The future of video games may be a full-body experience Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.39% 30 yr fixed 3.84% 15 yr fixed 3.04% 10 yr fixed 2.87% 30 yr fixed refi 3.84% 15 yr fixed refi 3.08% 5/1 ARM 3.1% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.84% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.87% $100K HELOC 4.59% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.57% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.64% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.00% 14.99% 14.41% Airline 15.74% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.77% 15.33% Reward 15.81% 15.80% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.25% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $53.50 +1.35 (+2.59%) Volume 31.1M Open $52.72 High $53.59 Low $52.43 P/E Ratio 13.38 Div Yield 2.84 Market Cap 260.6B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.84 +17.67 (+0.76%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,343 High 2,361 Low 2,341 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Bancorp U.S.: NYSE: USB $50.68 +0.99 (+1.99%) Volume 9.4M Open $49.79 High $50.90 Low $49.76 P/E Ratio 15.31 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 84.1B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $23.07 +0.33 (+1.45%) Volume 102.2M Open $22.96 High $23.17 Low $22.82 P/E Ratio 14.6 Div Yield 1.3 Market Cap 227.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.55 +1.09 (+1.29%) Volume 15.2M Open $84.98 High $85.78 Low $84.55 P/E Ratio 13.18 Div Yield 2.34 Market Cap 300.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.84 +17.67 (+0.76%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,343 High 2,361 Low 2,341 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $218.06 +3.97 (+1.85%) Volume 5.1M Open $215.50 High $218.98 Low $215.00 P/E Ratio 11.58 Div Yield 1.38 Market Cap 85.2B Hennessy Large Cap Financial Fund;Investor U.S.: Mutual Funds: HLFNX $19.07 +0.35 (+1.87%) Volume 0 Open $19.07 High $19.07 Low $19.07 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.55 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 20,579 +174.22 +0.85% Nasdaq 5,917 +53.74 +0.92% S&P 500 2,356 +17.67 +0.76% 3:04 A.M. ET WS Atkins jumps 4.2% after accepting SNC-Lavalin takeover bid 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,034.54 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,122.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 5,060.49 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.10 2:53 A.M. ET Updated Here’s a sign euro traders are dangerously complacent about the French election 2:41 A.M. ET SSAB swings to profit; sees higher demand ahead 2:40 A.M. ET Philips Lighting profit up 17%; holds margin view 2:39 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser revenue boosted by forex rates 2:39 A.M. ET Arkansas carries out first of eight planned executions 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil 2:33 A.M. ET Updated When are the French election results out on Sunday? 1:27 A.M. ET Oil prices steady as investors watch for OPEC signals 1:00 A.M. ET Updated Gunman slain after killing Paris police officer; Islamic State claims credit 12:09 A.M. ET Updated Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/20 BHP Billiton plans $204M expansion of coal mine 4/20 Led by Nikkei, Asian markets build on overnight gains 4/20 Elon Musk reveals Neuralink plans, including his third CEO role 4/20 When dumb things happen to smart investors 4/20 Trump: Iran ‘not living up to the spirit’ of nuclear deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Stocks Opinion: One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount By Michael Brush Published: Apr 20, 2017 11:52 a.m. ET Share The legendary investor has a $26 billion stake in Wells Fargo, which has been temporarily hurt by a bank scandal Getty Images Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett By MichaelBrush Columnist Rarely do you get the chance to buy one of Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks on sale. But that’s the case now with Wells Fargo. Sure, the bank looks pretty bad following revelations of fraud that cost it $185 million in fines last September. In this scandal, Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, +2.59%  staff opened up over two million phony deposit and credit card accounts to hit aggressive sales targets so they could earn bonuses. That was dumb, and it just reinforced the rotten image people have of bankers. But as bad as the scandal was for customers, investors should be thankful because it creates a discount for the bank’s stock, which is down about 10% since the beginning of March. The S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.76%  has fallen about 1% in that same span. “You have to have some overhang that gives you the opportunity to purchase a great franchise with best-in-class return on equity at significant discount against its peers,” says Colin McWey, a portfolio manager at Heartland Funds. Heartland has a significant WFC position purchased during the stock’s weakness last year. Still, says McWey, some big questions loom. Chief among them: “What is the fallout with the brand, and is it so significant that it materially changes customer behavior in a way that precludes them from earning the superior returns?” The answer: “We think their profitability is going to stand the test of time. Over time, they are still going to be a top-tier bank,” says McWey. Insider buying He’s not the only one who thinks so. A starting point for me with most of the names I suggest in my stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks, is the right kind of insider buying. And that’s exactly what we have at Wells Fargo. At this bank, we have what I like to call “buying in size,” one of the key signals I look for to find the best insider buying signals. CEO Tim Sloan and board chair Stephen Sanger recently bought $5 million worth of stock. Sloan bought $2 million worth and Sanger purchased $3 million. That’s the highest level of quarterly insider buying at Wells Fargo in at least five years. They purchased near current levels. So you can get close to the same price they got: $51.65. Wells Fargo looks cheap The two top insiders at the company were probably buying, in part, because the stock looks cheap. The discount is striking relative to other banks and Wells Fargo’s own history. It is also remarkable, given the bank’s solid profitability. “The vast majority of banks are trading at the high end of their historical ranges,” says McWey, at Heartland Funds. But you can now buy Wells Fargo stock at a discount to its own historic range and the banking group in general. “That is unheard of,” he says. “It screams attractive.” Here are some numbers. Wells Fargo currently goes for a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of 12. Its median over the past 20 years has been 13. The industry average right now is 13.6, according to Thomson Reuters. U.S. Bancorp USB, +1.99%  has a forward P/E of 14.5. At Bank of America Corp. BAC, +1.45%  the forward P/E is 13. And at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +1.29% it’s 12.5. The S&P 500 Index SPX, +0.76%  has a forward P/E of 18.2. In addition, Wells Fargo’s trailing P/E of 13.2 is way below the industry average of 16.8. All of this is remarkable given that Wells Fargo has a return on equity (ROE) of 12.6%, even after the scandal, compared with an industry average of 8.4%. “The bank that has a better ROE should have a better valuation,” says McWey. Bogus valuation history? One pushback here is that Wells Fargo’s relatively rich historical valuations and profitability are no longer meaningful. That’s because they were “bogus,” as they were base on fraud, suggested NAB Research analyst Nancy Bush during the bank’s most recent conference call. But this doesn’t really make sense to me. It’s hard to see how the creation of a bunch of fake accounts that customers never used could boost revenue or profits if they were inactive. CEO Sloan also takes issue with this analysis. “I might just push back a little bit on the ‘bogus’ comment,” Sloan said during the call, “because that would indicate that our statements were materially inaccurate, and they weren’t.” “If the bank is run properly, and I presume that is going to happen, there’s no reason it should not get back to its traditional valuation,” says bank analyst Chris Whalen of Whalen Global Advisors. The business is holding up well One of the major fears about Wells Fargo was that its storied brand will be permanently damaged by the scandal. Customers might flee, eroding the banks’ valuable low-cost source of funds gathered in deposit and checking accounts. “But we’re not seeing major deposit flight,” says McWey. Indeed, customers are sticking around at a time when industry competition for their funds is picking up for the first time in almost a decade, because interest rates are finally going up. Other metrics show the scandal is not hurting Wells Fargo’s reputation or business too much: • Loan and deposit growth are “in sync” with the industry, says Credit Suisse analyst Susan Roth Katzke. “The growth in average consumer and small-business banking deposits has remained strong, up 6% from a year ago,” Sloan said in the most recent quarterly earnings call. • Retail bank customer satisfaction scores are nearly back to levels before the fraud settlement was in the headlines last September. • The decline in customer “interactions” with branches has slowed. Online interactions are up 8% from a year ago. Overall customer attrition rates are back down to pre-settlement levels. • In March, the company saw its second month-over-month increase in checking accounts. Consumer credit card applications increased 10% compared with February, the largest month-over-month increase since September. • The value of customer assets made in referrals from community banks to Wells Fargo’s investment management side are back up to $1 billion a month, around the levels seen before the settlement. • Employee turnover is down. “The business itself is still very solid,” says Whalen, of Whalen Global Advisors. He predicts it will continue to improve. “They will get back on their game. It’s a great franchise. It’s a tarnished name at the moment, but that’s going to be forgotten soon if management can stay out of the headlines. You give this thing five or six months, and all will be forgiven.” “As we get further away from the events, client confidence should improve and their operating metrics should benefit,” agrees Macrae Sykes, a bank sector analyst at Gabelli & Co. Wells Fargo, the non-Wall Street bank One of the long-standing positives for Wells Fargo investors is that its core business is retail and small-business banking. It does very little business in trading, and mergers and acquisitions. That’s good, because these kinds of businesses can hurt shareholders. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +1.85%  shares declined a lot recently when performance was hit by weak trading revenue. “Wells Fargo doesn’t have the Wall Street risk. They don’t live and die on mergers and acquisitions, and trading,” says Whalen. “That’s why Warren Buffett likes it.” Risks There are risks, though. • One is more shoes to drop in the scandal. “There is uncertainty about how long these investigations will go on, including potential for criminal referrals,” says J.P. Morgan analyst Vivek Juneja, who has a “neutral” rating on the stock. “Longer term, we expect management to turn this around.” But the timing is uncertain, he says. In a worst-case scenario, the scandal and ongoing investigations permanently damage the brand. “The company is not going to fail. But this takes some of the respect away. It tends to infect the whole company, and it takes them a long time to pull out of it,” says Dave Ellison, portfolio manager of the Hennessy Large Cap Financial Fund HLFNX, +1.87% “You say, ‘OK they are no better than anyone else, and they’ve really shown it.’ ” • In part because of the costs related to the scandal, Wells Fargo’s efficiency ratio (non-interest expenses divided by revenue) recently shot up to 63%, compared with a more normal level in the mid- to upper-50% range. But the bank is working on cost cutting, and investors should hear more details at an investor day in May. • Another problem is the recent slowdown in bank loan growth, and the delays in expected tax and regulatory reform proposed by President Trump, says Baird analyst David George. If the lack of progress on reform continues, 2018 bank earnings estimates look high, he says. Whalen thinks bank stocks could fall another 10%-15% in the ongoing retrace of the “Trump bump” in banking names. Wells Fargo would get caught up in this. But it might fall less because it rose less than other banks after the election. One thing you don’t need to worry about is the ongoing Buffett selling. He’s recently sold close to 10 million shares. But that’s just because he wants to stay under a 10% position, for regulatory reasons. Buffett still owns about 491 million shares, or $25.6 billion worth. Wells Fargo is still a favorite investment. At the time of publication, Michael Brush had no positions in any stocks mentioned in this column. Brush has suggested JPM and GS in his stock newsletter, Brush Up on Stocks. Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group, and he attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. More from MarketWatch This new luxury card competes with Amex Platinum and Chase Sapphire Reserve Number of people collecting unemployment checks hits 17-year low, jobless claims show One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Quote References WFC +1.35 +2.59% SPX +17.67 +0.76% USB +0.99 +1.99% BAC +0.33 +1.45% JPM +1.09 +1.29% GS +3.97 +1.85% HLFNX +0.35 +1.87% Show all references Most Popular One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt Here’s what Venezuela’s deepening crisis means for oil prices This city has the most heavily indebted homeowners in America The future of video games may be a full-body experience Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.39% 30 yr fixed 3.84% 15 yr fixed 3.04% 10 yr fixed 2.87% 30 yr fixed refi 3.84% 15 yr fixed refi 3.08% 5/1 ARM 3.1% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.84% $50K HELOC 4.87% $75K HELOC 4.87% $100K HELOC 4.59% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.34% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.31% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.23% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.79% 1 yr CD 0.62% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.4% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.1% 48 Mo Used Car 3.08% 36 Mo Used Car 3.34% 72 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.11% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.89% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.64% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.57% 12.57% 12.00% Business 13.64% 13.64% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.00% 14.99% 14.41% Airline 15.74% 15.73% 15.13% Cash Back 15.77% 15.77% 15.33% Reward 15.81% 15.80% 15.24% Instant Approval 18.25% 18.23% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.20% 23.20% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Brush Michael Brush is a Manhattan-based financial writer who publishes the stock newsletter Brush Up on Stocks. Brush has covered business for the New York Times and The Economist group. He attended Columbia Business School in the Knight-Bagehot program. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $53.50 +1.35 (+2.59%) Volume 31.1M Open $52.72 High $53.59 Low $52.43 P/E Ratio 13.38 Div Yield 2.84 Market Cap 260.6B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.84 +17.67 (+0.76%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,343 High 2,361 Low 2,341 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Bancorp U.S.: NYSE: USB $50.68 +0.99 (+1.99%) Volume 9.4M Open $49.79 High $50.90 Low $49.76 P/E Ratio 15.31 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 84.1B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $23.07 +0.33 (+1.45%) Volume 102.2M Open $22.96 High $23.17 Low $22.82 P/E Ratio 14.6 Div Yield 1.3 Market Cap 227.7B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $85.55 +1.09 (+1.29%) Volume 15.2M Open $84.98 High $85.78 Low $84.55 P/E Ratio 13.18 Div Yield 2.34 Market Cap 300.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,355.84 +17.67 (+0.76%) Volume 2.1B Open 2,343 High 2,361 Low 2,341 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $218.06 +3.97 (+1.85%) Volume 5.1M Open $215.50 High $218.98 Low $215.00 P/E Ratio 11.58 Div Yield 1.38 Market Cap 85.2B Hennessy Large Cap Financial Fund;Investor U.S.: Mutual Funds: HLFNX $19.07 +0.35 (+1.87%) Volume 0 Open $19.07 High $19.07 Low $19.07 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.55 Market Cap N/A
Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York JPMorgan, Amazon weigh taking total of 650K sf at 5 Manhattan West Asking rent at the 1.7M sf Brookfield-owned office building is in the $90s per sf April 19, 2017 05:20PM From left: Jamie Dimon, rendering of 5 Manhattan West and Jeff Bezos Brookfield Property Partners is close to inking deals with Amazon and JPMorgan Chase for a combined 650,000 square feet at its building at 5 Manhattan West. JPMorgan already has space at the building, but is considering taking 350,000 square feet for FinTech, its financial technology arm, Bloomberg reported. Amazon, which fully occupies 7 West 34th Street, would take 350,000 square feet for its offices there, according to the Commercial Observer. Both companies are nearing deals, according to the publication. Office asking rents at the building are in the $90s per square foot. Grocery chain Whole Foods is taking 60,000 square feet at the base of the building. Markit, a London-based global financial data provider, signed for 140,000 square feet at the building in 2015. The 1.7 million-square-foot building at 450 West 33rd Street has been undergoing an extensive renovation as part of Brookfield’s five-building Manhattan West megaproject, which also includes a 62-story, 844-unit residential tower called the Eugene. [Bloomberg] and [CO] — Miriam Hall Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular Carlos Slim sues salon over $1.3M in back rent Finally! Demi Moore settles on $45M in sale of San Remo penthouse UBS looks to sell the Quin hotel Rockrose Development plans 18-story, 123-unit building in LIC Eliot Spitzer talks 420 Kent, the state of the rental market, putting up his own equity and partnering with Related More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Polymetal International PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Firestone Diamonds PLC (FDI) Given “Buy” Rating at FinnCap Relx PLC’s (REL) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Receives “Buy” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Given “Buy” Rating at Panmure Gordon Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware Raises Position in Allergan plc (AGN) SunCoke Energy Partners LP (SXCP) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $3.03 EPS Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.19 EPS 1,001 Shares in Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Acquired by Howland Capital Management LLC Rogers Co. (ROG) Shares Bought by Legato Capital Management LLC Scorpio Bulkers Inc (SALT) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS Howland Capital Management LLC Has $267,000 Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Legato Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL) Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) Shares Bought by Legato Capital Management LLC Legato Capital Management LLC Buys 40,895 Shares of NVE Corp (NVEC) James J. Truchard Sells 2,500 Shares of National Instruments Corp (NATI) Stock Short Interest in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Decreases By 27.8% Cloudera Plans $195 Million IPO for April 28th (CLDR) Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Short Interest Update Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Downgraded by Evercore ISI to In-Line Polymetal International PLC (POLY) Given “Buy” Rating at Panmure Gordon April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Panmure Gordon reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY) in a report published on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has a GBX 1,192 ($15.00) price objective on the mining company’s stock. Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on POLY. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 1,100 ($13.85) target price on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Citigroup Inc lowered their target price on shares of Polymetal International PLC from GBX 1,014 ($12.76) to GBX 1,000 ($12.59) and set a neutral rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their target price on shares of Polymetal International PLC from GBX 675 ($8.50) to GBX 725 ($9.13) and gave the stock an underperform rating in a research note on Tuesday. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their target price on shares of Polymetal International PLC from GBX 810 ($10.20) to GBX 840 ($10.57) and gave the stock a sector performer rating in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Polymetal International PLC to an underweight rating and lifted their target price for the stock from GBX 680 ($8.56) to GBX 980 ($12.33) in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 841.08 ($10.59). Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY) traded down 1.24% during trading on Wednesday, hitting GBX 1036.00. 613,985 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s market cap is GBX 4.45 billion. Polymetal International PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 665.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,367.91. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 999.79 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 904.74. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/polymetal-international-plc-poly-given-buy-rating-at-panmure-gordon.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be given a dividend of €0.18 ($0.19) per share. This is a boost from Polymetal International PLC’s previous dividend of $0.15. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.54%. About Polymetal International PLC Polymetal International plc is a gold and silver mining company operating in Russia, Kazakhstan and Armenia. The Company operates through nine segments: Voro (CJSC Gold of Northern Urals); Okhotsk operations (LLC Okhotskaya Mining and Exploration Company and Svetloye LLC); Dukat (JSC Magadan Silver); Omolon (Omolon Gold Mining Company LLC); Varvara (JSC Varvarinskoye; JSC Komarovskoye Mining Company); Amursk/Albazino (Albazino Resources Ltd, Amur Hydrometallurgical Plant LLC); Mayskoye (Mayskoye Gold Mining Company LLC); Kyzyl (Bakyrchik Mining Venture LLP and Inter Gold Capital LLP), and Armenia (Kapan MPC CJSC and LV Gold Mining CJSC). Receive News & Ratings for Polymetal International PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sherwin-Williams Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sherwin-Williams Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News SunCoke Energy Partners LP (SXCP) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $3.03 EPS Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.19 EPS 1,001 Shares in Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Acquired by Howland Capital Management LLC Rogers Co. (ROG) Shares Bought by Legato Capital Management LLC Scorpio Bulkers Inc (SALT) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS Howland Capital Management LLC Has $267,000 Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Legato Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL) Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) Shares Bought by Legato Capital Management LLC Legato Capital Management LLC Buys 40,895 Shares of NVE Corp (NVEC) James J. Truchard Sells 2,500 Shares of National Instruments Corp (NATI) Stock Short Interest in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Decreases By 27.8% Cloudera Plans $195 Million IPO for April 28th (CLDR) Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) Short Interest Update Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Downgraded by Evercore ISI to In-Line Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Commercial Metals Company Decreased by Jefferies Group (CMC) Comcast (CMCSA) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Very Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact SYNNEX (SNX) Stock Price Washington Trust Bank Has $237,000 Position in Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) 7,246 Shares in Allergan plc (AGN) Acquired by National Investment Services Inc. WI Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.19 EPS April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Sherwin-Williams Co (NYSE:SHW) released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday. The specialty chemicals company reported $2.27 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.08 by $0.19. Sherwin-Williams had a net margin of 9.40% and a return on equity of 82.20%. The company earned $2.76 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.72 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.81 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Sherwin-Williams updated its Q2 guidance to $4.40-4.60 EPS and its FY17 guidance to $14.05-14.25 EPS. Shares of Sherwin-Williams (NYSE:SHW) traded up 2.16% during trading on Thursday, reaching $318.27. 774,083 shares of the company traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $29.45 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.54 and a beta of 1.00. Sherwin-Williams has a 1-year low of $239.48 and a 1-year high of $323.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $311.04 and its 200 day moving average is $285.89. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be issued a $0.85 dividend. This represents a $3.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.09%. Sherwin-Williams’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 28.50%. In other Sherwin-Williams news, Director Christopher M. Connor sold 117,458 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $304.77, for a total value of $35,797,674.66. Following the sale, the director now owns 459,347 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $139,995,185.19. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, SVP Robert J. Wells sold 4,353 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $311.21, for a total value of $1,354,697.13. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 23,158 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,207,001.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 130,788 shares of company stock worth $39,898,020 in the last three months. 1.89% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of SHW. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Sherwin-Williams by 6.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 3,793,288 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $1,019,409,000 after buying an additional 236,704 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Sherwin-Williams by 2.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,591,506 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $717,960,000 after buying an additional 67,795 shares in the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp increased its stake in shares of Sherwin-Williams by 18.0% in the fourth quarter. Fiera Capital Corp now owns 1,085,380 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $291,685,000 after buying an additional 165,333 shares in the last quarter. Winslow Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Sherwin-Williams by 12.2% in the third quarter. Winslow Capital Management LLC now owns 980,133 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $271,163,000 after buying an additional 106,306 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Northern Trust Corp increased its stake in shares of Sherwin-Williams by 1.0% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 916,289 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $253,500,000 after buying an additional 8,815 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.94% of the company’s stock. SHW has been the subject of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Sherwin-Williams from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $297.00 price objective on shares of Sherwin-Williams in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $315.00 price objective on shares of Sherwin-Williams in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Vetr lowered shares of Sherwin-Williams from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $313.74 price objective for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a $335.00 price objective on shares of Sherwin-Williams and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $333.70. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/sherwin-williams-co-shw-releases-earnings-results-beats-expectations-by-0-19-eps.html. About Sherwin-Williams The Sherwin-Williams Company (Sherwin-Williams) is engaged in the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of paint, coatings and related products. The Company’s segments are Paint Stores Group, Consumer Group, Global Finishes Group, Latin America Coatings Group and Administrative. The Paint Stores Group markets and sells Sherwin-Williams branded architectural paint and coatings, protective and marine products, original equipment manufacturer (OEM) product finishes and related items. Receive News & Ratings for Sherwin-Williams Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sherwin-Williams Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Santa Cruz County (SCZC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Sonoco Products Co (SON) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance MEDNAX Inc (MD) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance Farmers & Merchants Bancorp Inc (FMAO) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS Direxion Shares Exchange Traded Fund Trust (NUGT) Short Interest Update BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Shares Bought by Howe & Rusling Inc. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Shares Bought by Hartwell J M Limited Partnership Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services LLC Takes Position in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Howe & Rusling Inc. Lowers Stake in Relx PLC (RELX) Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Bought by Howe & Rusling Inc. Howe & Rusling Inc. Has $144,000 Position in Emergent Biosolutions Inc (EBS) Allstate Corp (ALL) Stake Lowered by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System 3,000 Shares in Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Acquired by Regent Investment Management LLC Pinnacle Bank Takes Position in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Decreases Position in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Halliburton Company (HAL) Position Maintained by Colorado Capital Management Inc. Antero Resources Corp (AR) Downgraded to “Outperform” at Evercore ISI Alcoa Corp’s (AA) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) Given Sector Perform Rating at Royal Bank of Canada MEDNAX Inc (MD) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Guidance Articles Tweet MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) issued an update on its first quarter earnings guidance on Thursday morning. The company provided EPS guidance of $0.75 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus EPS estimate of $0.87. The company issued revenue guidance of $836 million, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $840.49 million. MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) traded down 8.060% during trading on Thursday, hitting $61.315. 2,857,549 shares of the stock traded hands. MEDNAX Inc has a 12 month low of $59.36 and a 12 month high of $76.96. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $69.27 and its 200-day moving average is $67.31. The stock has a market cap of $5.69 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.569 and a beta of 0.67. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.06 by $0.06. MEDNAX had a net margin of 10.21% and a return on equity of 13.59%. The firm earned $831 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $842.15 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.13 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that MEDNAX Inc will post $4.25 EPS for the current year. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on MD shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded MEDNAX from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Robert W. Baird downgraded MEDNAX from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a hold rating on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating and issued a $69.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $69.00. In other news, SVP Dominic J. Andreano sold 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.59, for a total value of $417,540.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 30,746 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,139,614.14. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 15,164 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.01, for a total value of $1,061,631.64. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 59,097 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,137,380.97. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 86,296 shares of company stock worth $5,959,391 in the last three months. Company insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/mednax-inc-md-updates-q1-earnings-guidance.html. MEDNAX Company Profile MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Emerging Market Bond ETFs Prove Incredibly Popular April 20, 2017 10:29am NYSE:EMB ShareTweet From Zacks: Gone are the days when emerging bond ETFs required the fund manager’s active technique. These markets were believed to highly volatile and crammed with political upheavals. But the latest trading pattern and investors’ outlook say a different story. An article published on Seeking Alpha revealed that iShares JPMorgan USD Emerging Market Bond ETF (EMB – Free Report) beat its active counterparts by an average 74 basis points over the last five years, according to Morningstar. As a result, investors gathered happily around the fund and allowed EMB – the largest emerging market debt fund – to double its asset base to over $10 billion in the last one year (read: What Bond ETF Inflows are Saying About Fixed Income Trade). Bloomberg compares the success of EMB with “the largest actively managed fund in the category, the far more expensive Pictet-Global Emerging Debt fund.” Notably, the Pictet fund is a Societe D’investissement A Capital Variable, or SICAV, which is an open-ended investment product that’s prevalent in Western Europe and similar to a mutual fund. Let’s take a look what led EMB to outperform all. Low Expense ratio BlackRock charges 40 basis points (net) for EMB compared with 143 basis points for Pictet’s active fund. Bloomberg went on to point out that the average fee for U.S. mutual funds that track emerging markets is about 90 bps, or double BlackRock’s pricing, as per data from the Investment Company Institute and Lipper. In any case, BlackRock has been pretty proactive lately in slashing expense ratios. It reduced fees for core ETFs, six multifactor ETFs and a short-term bond ETF in recent times (read: BlackRock Slashes Fees, ETF Price War Intensifies). On the other hand, active funds are always known for high costs. These involve research expenses associated with the manager’s due diligence and additional cost in the form of a wide bid/ask spread beyond the expense ratio. Wind is in Favor of Emerging Market Bonds EM economies are a lot more protected from Fed tightening shocks this time than they were in 2013, which is remembered for the taper-tantrum. As a result, strong fundamentals have lately called for EM investing. And since fixed-income securities are less risky than equities and offer solid yield, investors are all the more keen on these products (read: Dollar Denominated EM Bond ETFs: A Good Play for 2017?). Since volatility in the EM space has ebbed lately, currency issues have somewhat stabilized, and fundamentals have strengthened, the need for active investing (paying a high cost) is likely to diminish. Moreover, the clip of credit rating downgrades in EMs slowed (as per the source) in the second half of 2016, though worries remain. Notably, emerging market companies and governments sold $178.5 billion of dollar-denominated debt in Q1, marking the highest quarterly amount ever. EMB has gathered about $2.14 billion in assets so far this year (as of April 17, 2017). EMB, which gives exposure to U.S. dollar-denominated government bonds issued by emerging market countries, yields about 4.70% annually. Yields Are U.S. Treasury-Beating The Fed is on the policy tightening mode, thanks to which U.S. Treasury bond yield should rise ahead. But investors should note that EM bond ETFs’ yields are generally pretty higher than U.S. Treasury yields in a rising rate environment. Going beyond the U.S., several developed economies are practicing an ultra-low monetary policy, which pushed investors to flock to EM debt ETFs (read: ETF Strategies for a Rising Rate Environment). ETFs in Focus Given below are some other EM bond ETFs that could be on investors’ radar in the coming days thanks to their low cost and high yields (see all Emerging Market Bond ETFs here). VanEck Vectors Emerging Markets Aggregate Bond ETF (EMAG – Free Report) Net expense ratio – 0.49%; Yield – 4.35% Vanguard Emerging Markets Government Bond ETF (VWOB – Free Report) Net expense ratio – 0.32%; Yield – 5.02% PowerShares Emerging Markets Sovereign Debt Portfolio ETF (PCY – Free Report) Net expense ratio – 0.50%; Yield – 5.47% The iShares JPMorgan USD Emer Mkt Bnd Fd ETF (NYSE:EMB) was trading at $114.29 per share on Thursday morning, up $0.12 (+0.11%). Year-to-date, EMB has gained 3.69%, versus a 4.70% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. EMB currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 22 ETFs in the Emerging Markets Bonds ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of Zacks Research. Tags: bonds emerging market bonds emerging markets NYSE:EMB Zacks Categories: NYSE:EMB Read Next Here Are The Best Bond ETFs To Buy Right Now BlackRock: Emerging Market Bond Rally Is Overdone Emerging Market Bond Funds Are Back In Vogue, Despite Inherent Risks With Currency Markets In Turmoil, Consider These Emerging Market Bond Funds Emerging Market Bonds Are Becoming Untouchable Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Are More Losses In Store For The Dow Jones Industrial Average? Here’s Why Gold Miners Have Probably Topped Here’s Why The Dow Jones Industrial Average Plunged This Week Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Essilor International SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essilor International SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tallgrass Energy GP’s (TEGP) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Given “Outperform” Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Essilor International SA (EI) Given a €113.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Fiserv Inc (FISV) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research KeyCorp (KEY) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results ABB Ltd (ABB) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Century Communities, Inc Reduced by Wedbush (CCS) DCT Industrial Trust Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.60 Per Share, Capital One Financial Corp. Forecasts (DCT) Jefferies Group Comments on Celanese Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CE) Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Carrizo Oil & Gas Inc (CRZO) Brokers Set Expectations for Hanmi Financial Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (HAFC) Ameren Corp (AEE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Agenus (AGEN) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Adobe Systems (ADBE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Ashford Hospitality Prime (AHP) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.33 BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest BankFinancial Co. (BFIN) Short Interest Update Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Holds Position in Target Co. (TGT) Essilor International SA (EI) Given a €113.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Essilor International SA (EPA:EI) received a €113.00 ($120.21) target price from equities research analysts at Morgan Stanley in a report issued on Thursday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on EI. HSBC Holdings plc set a €132.00 ($140.43) price objective on shares of Essilor International SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €94.00 ($100.00) target price on shares of Essilor International SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Essilor International SA in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Barclays PLC set a €130.00 ($138.30) target price on shares of Essilor International SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €140.00 ($148.94) target price on shares of Essilor International SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 16th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of €120.46 ($128.15). Essilor International SA (EPA:EI) traded up 0.40% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting €114.10. 270,942 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €112.08 and its 200-day moving average is €107.39. The company has a market cap of €24.70 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.75. Essilor International SA has a 12-month low of €93.41 and a 12-month high of €124.55. WARNING: “Essilor International SA (EI) Given a €113.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/essilor-international-sa-ei-given-a-113-00-price-target-at-morgan-stanley.html. Essilor International SA Company Profile Essilor International SA, formerly Essilor International Compagnie Generale D’Optique SA, is an ophthalmic optics company. The Company designs, manufactures and markets a range of lenses to improve and protect eyesight. It also develops and markets equipment for prescription laboratories, and instruments and services for eye care professionals. Receive News & Ratings for Essilor International SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essilor International SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Associated British Foods plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Associated British Foods plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Bank Financial Comments on Brookfield Renewable Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (BEP) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for DiamondRock Hospitality Company Issued By SunTrust Banks (DRH) Kepler Capital Markets Boosts Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Price Target to GBX 2,900 Gem Diamonds Limited’s (GEMD) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Short Interest in Liberty Interactive Group (QVCA) Rises By 9.8% Yingli Green Energy Holding Co Ltd (YGE) Expected to Post Earnings of -$2.27 Per Share Zacks: Essendant Inc (ESND) Given $15.00 Average Price Target by Analysts BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.13 Per Share Hallador Energy (HNRG) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Insmed (INSM) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Supreme Industries (STS) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.24 Zacks: Brokerages Expect Aqua America Inc (WTR) to Post $0.29 EPS Very Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect IXYS (IXYS) Share Price Danaher Co. (DHR) Shares Sold by Heritage Investors Management Corp Doyle Wealth Management Buys New Position in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Cribstone Capital Management LLC Buys 1,480 Shares of General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Ternium SA (TX) Stake Raised by Fox Run Management L.L.C. Fox Run Management L.L.C. Buys 1,600 Shares of Potash Co. of Saskatchewan (POT) A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Shares Sold by Skylands Capital LLC Tallgrass Energy GP’s (TEGP) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Kepler Capital Markets Boosts Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Price Target to GBX 2,900 April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Associated British Foods plc (LON:ABF) had its price target lifted by research analysts at Kepler Capital Markets from GBX 2,700 ($33.98) to GBX 2,900 ($36.50) in a research report issued on Thursday. The firm currently has a “hold” rating on the stock. Kepler Capital Markets’ price objective suggests a potential upside of 5.34% from the stock’s current price. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 3,000 ($37.76) price target on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Thursday. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 3,350 ($42.16) price target on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 3,300 ($41.54) price target on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Thursday. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 3,200 ($40.28) price target on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research report on Thursday. Finally, Liberum Capital restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 3,100 ($39.02) price objective on shares of Associated British Foods plc in a research note on Wednesday. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 3,032.50 ($38.17). Associated British Foods plc (LON:ABF) traded down 0.02% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 2752.50. The stock had a trading volume of 711,043 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 2,618.83 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 2,578.27. The company’s market cap is GBX 21.75 billion. Associated British Foods plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,910.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 3,442.00. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 7th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be given a dividend of GBX 11.35 ($0.14) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 0.41%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/kepler-capital-markets-boosts-associated-british-foods-plc-abf-price-target-to-gbx-2900.html. In other news, insider Ruth Cairnie purchased 876 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 2,489 ($31.33) per share, with a total value of £21,803.64 ($27,443.22). Associated British Foods plc Company Profile Associated British Foods plc is an international food, ingredients and retail company. The Company’s segments include grocery, sugar, agriculture, ingredients and retail. Its geographical segments include the United Kingdom, Europe and Africa, the Americas and Asia Pacific. The grocery segment manufactures grocery products, including hot beverages, sugar and sweeteners, vegetable oils, bread and baked goods, cereals, ethnic foods, herbs and spices, and meat products, which are sold to retail, wholesale and foodservice businesses. Receive News & Ratings for Associated British Foods plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Associated British Foods plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Admiral Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Admiral Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Admiral Group plc (ADM) Receives “Underperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG ASOS plc (ASC) Given New GBX 6,400 Price Target at Liberum Capital SAP SE (SAP) Given a €110.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Short Interest in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Declines By 19.8% Terex Co. (TEX) Earns Hold Rating from BMO Capital Markets Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Synovus Financial Corp. Increased by Analyst (SNV) SunCoke Energy Inc (SXC) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.12 EPS Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.03 EPS BB&T Co. (BBT) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Arch Capital Group Ltd.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ACGL) Parametrica Management Ltd Purchases New Position in ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (EEFT) Position Reduced by Parametrica Management Ltd Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. Has $12.172 Million Position in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Cohen Klingenstein LLC Has $7,957,000 Stake in Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Stake Raised by Private Bank & Trust Co. Alpha Windward LLC Has $136,000 Stake in Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Alpha Windward LLC Has $131,000 Stake in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Alpha Windward LLC Continues to Hold Stake in DXC Technology Co (CSC) Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Stake Maintained by Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. Admiral Group plc (ADM) Receives “Underperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG reissued their underperform rating on shares of Admiral Group plc (LON:ADM) in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a GBX 1,650 ($20.77) price objective on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Peel Hunt restated a hold rating and set a GBX 2,012 ($25.32) price target on shares of Admiral Group plc in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Berenberg Bank dropped their price target on Admiral Group plc from GBX 1,804 ($22.71) to GBX 1,696 ($21.35) and set a hold rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lifted their price target on Admiral Group plc from GBX 1,650 ($20.77) to GBX 1,780 ($22.40) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 1,900 ($23.91) price target on shares of Admiral Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, BNP Paribas restated a neutral rating on shares of Admiral Group plc in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 1,766.17 ($22.23). Shares of Admiral Group plc (LON:ADM) opened at 2012.00 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 1,946.86 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,889.26. Admiral Group plc has a one year low of GBX 1,680.00 and a one year high of GBX 2,288.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 5.38 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/admiral-group-plc-adm-receives-underperform-rating-from-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be paid a dividend of GBX 51.50 ($0.65) per share. This represents a yield of 2.82%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. In other Admiral Group plc news, insider Geraint Jones sold 4,700 shares of Admiral Group plc stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 2,024 ($25.48), for a total transaction of £95,128 ($119,733.17). Also, insider Annette Court acquired 2,150 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 1,824 ($22.96) per share, with a total value of £39,216 ($49,359.35). About Admiral Group plc Admiral Group plc is a United Kingdom-based company engaged in the provision of car insurance. The Company has four segments: UK Car Insurance, International Car Insurance, Price Comparison and Other. The UK Car Insurance segment consists of the underwriting of car insurance and other products that supplement the car insurance policy within the United Kingdom. Receive News & Ratings for Admiral Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Admiral Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Freitag, 21. April | 07:05 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 14:57 | 20.04.2017 NuStar Energy L.P. Announces Public Offering of Senior Notes NuStar Logistics, L.P., a wholly owned operating subsidiary of NuStar Energy L.P. (NYSE:NS) (“NuStar Energy”), announced today that it plans to conduct an offering of senior notes pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by NuStar Energy, as parent guarantor, and NuStar Pipeline Operating Partnership L.P., a wholly owned operating subsidiary of NuStar Energy, as affiliate guarantor. NuStar Energy currently intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to fund a portion of the purchase price for NuStar Energy’s previously announced acquisition of Navigator Energy Services, LLC and to pay related fees and expenses. Pending such use, NuStar Energy intends to repay outstanding indebtedness, including borrowings under its revolving credit facility. Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., PNC Capital Markets LLC, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. are acting as book-running managers for the offering. BBVA Securities Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Comerica Securities, Inc., Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. are acting as co-managers. A copy of the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus relating to this offering may be obtained from Mizuho Securities USA LLC, 320 Park Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Debt Capital Markets, Telephone: 1-866-271-7403, Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, Telephone: 1-888-603-5847, Email: barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, Telephone: 1-866-803-9204, Email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com and MUFG Securities Americas Inc., Attention: Capital Markets Group, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor, New York, New York 10020, Telephone: 1-877-649-6848, Email: prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp. You may also obtain these documents for free when they are available by visiting the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering may be made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. NuStar Energy, a publicly traded master limited partnership based in San Antonio, is one of the largest independent liquids terminal and pipeline operators in the nation. NuStar Energy currently has approximately 8,700 miles of pipeline and 79 terminal and storage facilities that store and distribute crude oil, refined products and specialty liquids. NuStar Energy’s combined system has approximately 95 million barrels of storage capacity, and NuStar Energy has operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, the Netherlands, including St. Eustatius in the Caribbean, and the United Kingdom. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes forward-looking statements regarding future events, including the size, timing and results of the offering and the consummation of the acquisition. All forward-looking statements are based on NuStar Energy’s beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to NuStar Energy. These statements reflect NuStar Energy’s current views with respect to future events and are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions are discussed in NuStar Energy’s 2016 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC. NuStar Energy undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement except as may be required by applicable law. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170420005797/en/ Bookmarken NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 08:45 Uhr | 21.04.2017 Calgon-Hersteller Reckitt ... 08:41 Uhr | 21.04.2017 Deutsche Anleihen: Sinkflug ... 08:37 Uhr | 21.04.2017 Stangenware - Die Deutschen und ... 08:19 Uhr | 21.04.2017 Aktien Frankfurt Ausblick: ... 08:14 Uhr | 21.04.2017 Devisen: Euro hält sich über ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min       Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Comerica Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Comerica Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Axalta Coating Systems Ltd Issued By Seaport Global Securities (AXTA) Chemours Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (CC) Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) PT Raised to $173.00 at Guggenheim Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Issued By SunTrust Banks Traders Buy High Volume of Fitbit Call Options (FIT) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for CMS Energy Co. (CMS) Issued By KeyCorp Analysts Set $16.33 Price Target for Ramaco Resources Inc (METC) $0.29 Earnings Per Share Expected for Gap Inc (GPS) This Quarter Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Lowers Diana Containerships Inc (DCIX) to Hold Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Alleghany (Y) Stock Price Richard A. Boehne Sells 150,000 Shares of E. W. Scripps Co (SSP) Stock Stephen Smith Purchases 50,000 Shares of Equitable Group Inc. (EQB) Stock East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.14 EPS CalAmp Corp. (CAMP) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Pinnacle Bancshares, Inc. (PCLB) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results Plumas Bancorp (PLBC) Posts Earnings Results Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.35 (LECO) Gradient Investments LLC Increases Stake in Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Issued By SunTrust Banks April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Comerica Incorporated (NYSE:CMA) – Investment analysts at SunTrust Banks raised their Q1 2017 EPS estimates for Comerica in a report released on Monday. SunTrust Banks analyst J. Demba now expects that the financial services provider will earn $0.98 per share for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $0.88. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Comerica’s Q3 2017 earnings at $1.06 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $1.13 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $4.14 EPS, Q1 2018 earnings at $1.05 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $1.26 EPS and Q4 2018 earnings at $1.34 EPS. Comerica (NYSE:CMA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. The financial services provider reported $1.11 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.01 by $0.10. Comerica had a net margin of 16.00% and a return on equity of 6.92%. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.34 earnings per share. WARNING: “Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Issued By SunTrust Banks” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/q1-2017-earnings-forecast-for-comerica-incorporated-cma-issued-by-suntrust-banks.html. CMA has been the subject of several other research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Comerica from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Comerica in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. FBR & Co reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Comerica in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Citigroup Inc lowered shares of Comerica from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Comerica from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $58.59. Comerica (NYSE:CMA) opened at 67.97 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $11.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.36 and a beta of 1.43. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $69.39 and a 200 day moving average of $64.44. Comerica has a one year low of $36.82 and a one year high of $75.00. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Comerica during the fourth quarter worth approximately $283,880,000. Eton Park Capital Management L.P. acquired a new position in Comerica during the fourth quarter worth approximately $140,887,000. Appaloosa LP acquired a new position in Comerica during the fourth quarter worth approximately $78,462,000. Morgan Stanley increased its position in Comerica by 314.1% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 1,362,262 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $64,464,000 after buying an additional 1,033,275 shares during the period. Finally, Credit Suisse AG increased its position in Comerica by 183.2% in the third quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 1,595,038 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $75,477,000 after buying an additional 1,031,876 shares during the period. 81.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. In related news, CFO David E. Duprey sold 59,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.82, for a total value of $4,001,380.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Judith S. Love sold 36,900 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $66.77, for a total transaction of $2,463,813.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 142,428 shares of company stock worth $9,614,020 in the last ninety days. 1.60% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Saturday, April 1st. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th were paid a $0.23 dividend. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.35%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. Comerica’s dividend payout ratio is presently 34.33%. About Comerica Comerica Incorporated is a financial services company. The Company’s principal activity is lending to and accepting deposits from businesses and individuals. The Company’s segments include the Business Bank, the Retail Bank, Wealth Management, Finance and Other. The Business Bank serves middle market businesses, multinational corporations and governmental entities by offering various products and services, including commercial loans and lines of credit, deposits, cash management, capital market products, international trade finance, letters of credit, foreign exchange management services and loan syndication services. Receive News & Ratings for Comerica Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Comerica Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News OHR Pharmaceutical Inc (OHRP) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Bioblast Pharma Ltd (ORPN) Expands By 3.4% Morgan Stanley Sees Unusually High Options Volume (MS) Digital Turbine (APPS) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Report Finds JP Morgan Asian Investment Trust Plc (JAI) Insider Ronald Gould Acquires 41 Shares British Land Company PLC (BLND) Insider Lucinda Bell Buys 23 Shares Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises (BW) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Issues Earnings Results Cowen and Company Increases Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Price Target to $75.00 Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. United Financial Bancorp Inc (UBNK) Rating Increased to Outperform at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Initiates Coverage on RMR Real Estate Income Fund (RIF) Fenner plc (FENR) Announces Dividend of GBX 1.40 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Announces $0.08 Quarterly Dividend Raymond James Trust N.A. Invests $222,000 in Canadian National Railway (CNI) Raymond James Trust N.A. Takes Position in Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Osborn Williams & Donohoe LLC Raises Position in CVS Health Corp (CVS) CENTRAL TRUST Co Acquires 80,857 Shares of Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Brokers Set Expectations for Sealed Air Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SEE) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Southwestern Energy Company Cut by KeyCorp (SWN) Morgan Stanley Sees Unusually High Options Volume (MS) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) saw unusually large options trading activity on Thursday. Stock investors purchased 1,925 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 165% compared to the typical daily volume of 727 call options. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on MS shares. Vetr cut shares of Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $40.50 price target on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $42.49 to $47.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Compass Point cut shares of Morgan Stanley from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $34.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and seventeen have issued a buy rating to the stock. Morgan Stanley currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $40.43. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) opened at 42.04 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $43.73 and a 200 day moving average of $41.13. The stock has a market capitalization of $78.45 billion, a PE ratio of 14.39 and a beta of 1.80. Morgan Stanley has a 52-week low of $23.11 and a 52-week high of $47.33. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 19th. The financial services provider reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.10. Morgan Stanley had a net margin of 15.76% and a return on equity of 8.48%. The business earned $9.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.29 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.55 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Morgan Stanley will post $3.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 1st will be paid a $0.20 dividend. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.90%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. Morgan Stanley’s payout ratio is 27.40%. In related news, President Thomas Colm Kelleher sold 182,027 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.82, for a total value of $7,976,423.14. Following the sale, the president now owns 836,809 shares in the company, valued at $36,668,970.38. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CFO Paul C. Wirth sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.25, for a total transaction of $442,500.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 216,038 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,559,681.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 204,508 shares of company stock worth $8,993,548 in the last 90 days. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Bollard Group LLC raised its position in Morgan Stanley by 0.7% in the third quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 89,603 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,873,000 after buying an additional 580 shares during the last quarter. Factory Mutual Insurance Co. raised its position in Morgan Stanley by 18.5% in the third quarter. Factory Mutual Insurance Co. now owns 1,055,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $33,823,000 after buying an additional 165,000 shares during the last quarter. Conning Inc. increased its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 2.4% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 37,427 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,200,000 after buying an additional 890 shares in the last quarter. Boston Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 7.1% in the third quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 879,742 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $28,205,000 after buying an additional 58,347 shares in the last quarter. Finally, CENTRAL TRUST Co increased its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 24.3% in the third quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 7,892 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $253,000 after buying an additional 1,545 shares in the last quarter. 85.87% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Morgan Stanley Sees Unusually High Options Volume (MS)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/morgan-stanley-sees-unusually-high-options-volume-ms.html. Morgan Stanley Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Opus Bank - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Opus Bank with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Roper Technologies’ (ROP) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc (ALDR) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Piper Jaffray Companies Trims Bank of Marin Bancorp (BMRC) Target Price to $69.00 Piper Jaffray Companies Boosts CA, Inc. (CA) Price Target to $45.00 ProAssurance’s (PRA) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Boenning Scattergood Opus Bank’s (OPB) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Macquarie Group Ltd. Decreases Stake in Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) 24,851 Shares in Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Acquired by Highbridge Capital Management LLC 21,451 Shares in Control4 Corp (CTRL) Acquired by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Citi Trends, Inc. (CTRN) Macquarie Group Ltd. Continues to Hold Position in Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Stake Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $239,000 in RigNet Inc (RNET) Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 403,571 Shares of Southern Copper Corp (SCCO) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $16.819 Million Stake in First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Stake Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC HC Wainwright Reaffirms Buy Rating for Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Bank of America Corp Begins Coverage on Patrick Industries, Inc. (PATK) Opus Bank’s (OPB) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Piper Jaffray Companies reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Opus Bank (NASDAQ:OPB) in a report released on Monday morning. They currently have a $24.00 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock, down from their prior price objective of $25.00. OPB has been the subject of a number of other reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered Opus Bank from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research report on Saturday, January 7th. Hovde Group raised their price objective on Opus Bank from $25.00 to $31.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research report on Monday, December 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Opus Bank from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, TheStreet lowered Opus Bank from a c- rating to a d+ rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $32.40. Shares of Opus Bank (NASDAQ:OPB) opened at 19.90 on Monday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $19.87 and a 200 day moving average of $24.32. The stock has a market capitalization of $740.64 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 61.04 and a beta of 1.05. Opus Bank has a 52-week low of $18.20 and a 52-week high of $38.19. Opus Bank (NASDAQ:OPB) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The financial services provider reported ($0.55) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.97. The company earned $87.24 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $79.72 million. Opus Bank had a return on equity of 3.42% and a net margin of 3.40%. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($0.09) EPS. Analysts predict that Opus Bank will post $1.42 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/opus-banks-opb-overweight-rating-reiterated-at-piper-jaffray-companies.html. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust raised its stake in shares of Opus Bank by 1.5% in the third quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 968,840 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $34,268,000 after buying an additional 14,300 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of Opus Bank by 6.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 30,525 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,080,000 after buying an additional 1,759 shares during the last quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of Opus Bank by 58.7% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 110,593 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,324,000 after buying an additional 40,911 shares during the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP acquired a new stake in shares of Opus Bank during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,352,000. Finally, RMB Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Opus Bank by 86.0% in the fourth quarter. RMB Capital Management LLC now owns 273,401 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,216,000 after buying an additional 126,391 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.61% of the company’s stock. About Opus Bank Opus Bank is a commercial bank. The Company provides banking products, services and solutions to its clients through its Retail Bank, Commercial Bank, Merchant Bank, and Correspondent Bank. The Company’s Commercial Bank consists Commercial Banking, Business Banking, Healthcare Banking, Technology Banking, Fiduciary Banking, Institutional Syndications and Commercial Real Estate Banking (CREB), which includes Income Property Banking, its Structured Finance Group and Capital Markets Group. Receive News & Ratings for Opus Bank Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Opus Bank and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Roper Technologies’ (ROP) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc (ALDR) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Piper Jaffray Companies Trims Bank of Marin Bancorp (BMRC) Target Price to $69.00 Piper Jaffray Companies Boosts CA, Inc. (CA) Price Target to $45.00 ProAssurance’s (PRA) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Boenning Scattergood Opus Bank’s (OPB) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Macquarie Group Ltd. Decreases Stake in Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) 24,851 Shares in Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Acquired by Highbridge Capital Management LLC 21,451 Shares in Control4 Corp (CTRL) Acquired by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Acquires New Stake in Citi Trends, Inc. (CTRN) Macquarie Group Ltd. Continues to Hold Position in Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Stake Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Invests $239,000 in RigNet Inc (RNET) Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 403,571 Shares of Southern Copper Corp (SCCO) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $16.819 Million Stake in First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) ONEOK, Inc. (OKE) Stake Increased by Teachers Advisors LLC HC Wainwright Reaffirms Buy Rating for Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Bank of America Corp Begins Coverage on Patrick Industries, Inc. (PATK) Roper Technologies’ (ROP) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cowen and Company reissued their outperform rating on shares of Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) in a research report released on Monday. They currently have a $250.00 target price on the industrial products company’s stock, up from their prior target price of $220.00. Several other brokerages also recently commented on ROP. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a buy rating and set a $245.00 target price on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Argus upgraded Roper Technologies from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $235.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Roper Technologies from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $219.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Friday, March 24th. Barclays PLC reiterated a buy rating and set a $221.00 target price on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. upgraded Roper Technologies from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $218.10. Shares of Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) opened at 206.60 on Monday. Roper Technologies has a one year low of $159.28 and a one year high of $214.44. The company has a 50-day moving average of $208.95 and a 200 day moving average of $191.31. The stock has a market capitalization of $21.05 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 32.13 and a beta of 0.87. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The industrial products company reported $1.86 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.84 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $1.01 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.01 billion. Roper Technologies had a return on equity of 11.97% and a net margin of 17.38%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.82 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Roper Technologies will post $9.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/roper-technologies-rop-outperform-rating-reiterated-at-cowen-and-company.html. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 21st. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be issued a dividend of $0.35 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.68%. Roper Technologies’s dividend payout ratio is presently 21.77%. In other Roper Technologies news, Director Christopher Wright sold 2,500 shares of Roper Technologies stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $214.26, for a total transaction of $535,650.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 63,904 shares in the company, valued at approximately $13,692,071.04. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 2.50% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of ROP. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 0.3% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,200 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $584,000 after buying an additional 10 shares in the last quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 3,083 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $565,000 after buying an additional 21 shares in the last quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 5,815 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,065,000 after buying an additional 27 shares in the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 4.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 732 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 29 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Conning Inc. increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 1.1% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 2,648 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $483,000 after buying an additional 30 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 97.47% of the company’s stock. Roper Technologies Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Latest Sport Lifestyle Politics Opinion Features Business Multimedia Traffic 20°C ISS joins opposition parties in fight for secret ballot in Zuma confidence vote Local Five people killed after taxi accident in Brakpan Local Maimane: Freedom Movement won't tire of anti-Zuma campaign Local Ipid reveals evidence showing deaths threats to its investigators Local EFF: Mbete trying to suppress freedom of speech in Parly Local [WATCH] Asiphelimoya: A gym with a difference Local Mabulu: Mandela would understand message behind painting Local Popular Topics President Jacob Zuma Gupta family Vuwani Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba View all in Latest Pollard injured in training as jinx returns Sport Olympic champion Rollins banned for missing drug tests Sport Tiger undergoes back surgery, could be out six months Sport Rashford scores winner but Man United suffer Ibrahimovic blow Sport Anaso Jobodwana plays down excitement about national championships Local Domingo: Time away gave clarity on Proteas future Sport [WATCH] Serena Williams confirms pregnancy rumours Sport Popular Topics Barcelona UEFA Champions League Chelsea Two Oceans marathon View all in Sport [WATCH] Asiphelimoya: A gym with a difference Local Stevie Wonder ‘to perform at Rory McIlroy’s wedding’ Lifestyle CT hosts thousands of delegates at Africa Travel Week Local US political climate to take centre stage at Tribeca Film Festival World Cycling to work linked with large health benefits Lifestyle Investment shows no signs of slowing down in Cape Town’s CBD Local How secure is your phone's fingerprint lock? World [LISTEN] Do documentaries fill the gap where books, movies fall short? Local [WATCH] Ever wanted to climb inside of a famous painting? This is how you can Local Gemma Arterton: A female James Bond would be great Lifestyle View all in Lifestyle ISS joins opposition parties in fight for secret ballot in Zuma confidence vote Local Maimane: Freedom Movement won't tire of anti-Zuma campaign Local EFF: Mbete trying to suppress freedom of speech in Parly Local Motlanthe won’t be drawn on Zuma no confidence debate Local Parly to investigate Zuma’s deployment of Sona troops Local Nzimande: Alliance partners must discuss next step on Zuma Local Zuma, NPA given until June to file papers over dropped charges Local Popular Topics President Jacob Zuma African National Congress Cabinet reshuffle Democratic Alliance View all in Politics [OPINION] ANC can stay a liberation movement and govern well Opinion [ANALYSIS] What if Zuma refuses to go? Local [OPINION] How African govts use advertising as a weapon against media freedom World [OPINION] SA needs more than a sugar tax to get to the bottom of obesity Opinion [OPINION] The markets can stomach a captured Treasury but SA’s poor will suffer Business [OPINION] How social media data can improve people’s lives - if used responsibly Opinion [OPINION] No need to despair even as the dream of SA feels like a nightmare Local Popular Topics President Jacob Zuma South Africa African National Congress Jacob Zuma View all in Opinion [LIVE BLOG] National Day of Action: Hamba Zuma, hamba! Local Rules on removing a president in South Africa Local [BLOG] A day of anti-Zuma protests draws to close Local [LIVE BLOG] Budget Speech 2017 Local [LIVE BLOG] State of the Nation Address 2017 Local [MAP] Fires wreak havoc across Western Cape Local World Economic Forum 2017 Matric Results 2016 2016: A look at the year in news Local [LIVE BLOG] ANC NEC briefing Local View all in Features How do you teach a driverless car to drive? World #RandReport: Rand extends gains on weak dollar, stocks down Local Allan Gray confirms illegal social grant deductions Local BEE group seeks access to details of forex fixing scandal probe Local Investment shows no signs of slowing down in Cape Town’s CBD Local Mark Zuckerberg: The end of smartphones and TVs is coming Business BEE group to lay charges against banks over forex fixing scandal Local Popular Topics Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba Junk status SA rand vs US dollar Rand View all in Business Video [WATCH] Asiphelimoya: A gym with a difference [WATCH] Ever wanted to climb inside of a famous painting? This is how you can [WATCH] Hlaudi Motsoeneng: Krish Naidoo lied under oath Audio [LISTEN] Do documentaries fill the gap where books, movies fall short? Why one asset manager refuses to use the word 'junk' [LISTEN] Competition Commission calls for probe into SA's mobile phone market Infographics Greek's financial crisis since 2010 US troops on foreign mission Inside the fatal chemical attack in Syria Cartoons [CARTOON] Who's Got the FinMin's Ear? [CARTOON] Fikile se Voet! [CARTOON] The Party Poopers View all in Multimedia View all in Traffic Johannesburg Cape Town Pretoria Vereeniging Durban Plettenberg Bay Paarl Strand Rustenburg Bloemfontein Nelspruit George 20°C / 22°C Fri 21°C 9°C Sat 21°C 8°C Sun 21°C 9°C Mon 16°C 9°C Tue 19°C 9°C Wed 20°C 9°C Fri 29°C 13°C Sat 29°C 14°C Sun 29°C 14°C Mon 27°C 13°C Tue 30°C 13°C Wed 23°C 15°C Fri 24°C 10°C Sat 23°C 11°C Sun 23°C 11°C Mon 16°C 11°C Tue 20°C 9°C Wed 22°C 9°C Fri 24°C 6°C Sat 24°C 6°C Sun 24°C 9°C Mon 21°C 10°C Tue 22°C 10°C Wed 23°C 11°C Fri 24°C 18°C Sat 24°C 16°C Sun 23°C 15°C Mon 22°C 17°C Tue 24°C 17°C Wed 25°C 18°C Fri 19°C 11°C Sat 19°C 13°C Sun 20°C 15°C Mon 20°C 13°C Tue 20°C 12°C Wed 23°C 13°C Fri 32°C 15°C Sat 32°C 15°C Sun 29°C 16°C Mon 32°C 15°C Tue 32°C 15°C Wed 24°C 16°C Fri 26°C 17°C Sat 26°C 17°C Sun 25°C 15°C Mon 27°C 15°C Tue 27°C 17°C Wed 23°C 16°C Fri 25°C 10°C Sat 24°C 11°C Sun 23°C 11°C Mon 20°C 12°C Tue 21°C 12°C Wed 23°C 10°C Fri 23°C 6°C Sat 24°C 7°C Sun 24°C 9°C Mon 23°C 9°C Tue 23°C 8°C Wed 24°C 11°C Fri 23°C 12°C Sat 24°C 12°C Sun 24°C 10°C Mon 17°C 11°C Tue 22°C 10°C Wed 22°C 12°C Fri 22°C 12°C Sat 21°C 14°C Sun 19°C 14°C Mon 21°C 11°C Tue 21°C 13°C Wed 23°C 15°C Go BEE group to lay charges against banks over forex fixing scandal Eighteen local and foreign banks have been accused of manipulating the rand-dollar exchange rate since at least 2007. Eighteen local and foreign banks have been accused of manipulating the rand-dollar exchange rate since at least 2007. Banks price fixing #bankscollusion Email Print Tweet Share Ilze-Marie Le Roux | 21 hours ago JOHANNESBURG – The Black Empowerment Foundation says it is heading to a police station in Durban on Thursday to lay criminal charges against the banks embroiled in a forex fixing scandal. Eighteen local and foreign banks, including Absa Bank, Investec, Standard Bank, Citibank, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Nomura Bank, have been accused of manipulating the rand-dollar exchange rate since at least 2007. Following an investigation, the Competition Commission referred the case to the Competition Tribunal earlier this year. The Commission said traders used many platforms, including Bloomberg's instant messaging service, to distort the market. It found that from at least 2007 the banks had a general agreement to collude on prices for bids in relation to currency trading involving the rand and US dollar. Citibank has paid an administrative penalty of R69.5 million for its involvement. But the Foundation's Zola Qoboshiyane says that is not enough. “They are arranging now, or proposing, for a soft payment. That is a criminal offence, so therefore we are opening a criminal case on that. The law will take its course like with any other person committing fraud.” Timeline BEE group seeks access to details of forex fixing scandal probe 15 hours ago SA anti-trust watchdog plans July hearing on banks in collusion case 36 days ago Source: Banks accused of rigging rand could face tribunal in July 41 days ago Cronin: Hypocritical for Fica Bill critics to attack banks over collusion 57 days ago More in Local Five people killed after taxi accident in Brakpan 12 minutes ago Maimane: Freedom Movement won't tire of anti-Zuma campaign 23 minutes ago Ipid reveals evidence showing deaths threats to its investigators 31 minutes ago EFF: Mbete trying to suppress freedom of speech in Parly 37 minutes ago [WATCH] Asiphelimoya: A gym with a difference 52 minutes ago Mabulu: Mandela would understand message behind painting 55 minutes ago Comments EWN welcomes all comments that are constructive, contribute to discussions in a meaningful manner and take stories forward. However, we will NOT condone the following: - Racism (including offensive comments based on ethnicity and nationality) - Sexism - Homophobia - Religious intolerance - Cyber bullying - Hate speech - Derogatory language - Comments inciting violence. We ask that your comments remain relevant to the articles they appear on and do not include general banter or conversation as this dilutes the effectiveness of the comments section. We strive to make the EWN community a safe and welcoming space for all. EWN reserves the right to: 1) remove any comments that do not follow the above guidelines; and, 2) ban users who repeatedly infringe the rules. Should you find any comments upsetting or offensive you can also flag them and we will assess it against our guidelines. EWN is constantly reviewing its comments policy in order to create an environment conducive to constructive conversations. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus On Air Latest bulletin GAUTENG CAPE TOWN KFM Latest traffic report CAPE TOWN GAUTENG KFM People also read Mark Zuckerberg: The end of smartphones and TVs is coming Gauteng man scores double win in single PowerBall draw 25 injured after collision in Pretoria EFF’s Shivambu to face the heat over Zuma comments Let the news come to you. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. Local World Politics Sport Business Lifestyle Opinion Features Video Audio iWitness EWN Apps Breaking News Alerts Traffic EWN.Mobi Newsletter Signups RSS Feeds EWN Whatsapp Alerts Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Comments Policy COPYRIGHT 2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Terms & Conditions | Privacy | PAIA Choose an EWN Twitter account Follow @ewnreporter Follow @ewnupdates Follow @ewnsport Follow @ewntraffic Choose an EWN app iOS Android
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News General Dynamics’ (GD) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research First Horizon National Corp’s (FHN) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stephens Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) Price Target Raised to $28.50 Entergy Co. (ETR) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research EnLink Midstream LLC (ENLC) Research Coverage Started at Guggenheim Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) PT Lowered to $250.00 FS Investment Co. (FSIC) Raised to “B” at TheStreet Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Stake in Century Communities, Inc (CCS) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $12.625 Million Stake in MutualFirst Financial, Inc. (MFSF) Fmr LLC Has $1,365,000 Stake in Universal Stainless & Alloy Products (USAP) Fmr LLC Has $1,385,000 Position in Zosano Pharma Corp (ZSAN) Horizon Bancorp (HBNC) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Lowers Stake in Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS) State Street Corp Raises Position in Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) BioSpecifics Technologies Corp. (BSTC) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Buys 139,320 Shares of Tesco Co. (TESO) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) PT Lowered to $250.00 April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) had its target price lowered by investment analysts at Royal Bank of Canada to $250.00 in a research note issued on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a “neutral” rating on the investment management company’s stock. Royal Bank of Canada’s price target suggests a potential upside of 16.77% from the stock’s previous close. Several other brokerages also recently weighed in on GS. Compass Point began coverage on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 price target on the stock. Berenberg Bank downgraded shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $140.00 to $190.00 in a report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr cut shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $215.99 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Macquarie reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $228.34. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) opened at 214.09 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $235.94 and a 200-day moving average of $222.39. The company has a market capitalization of $88.81 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.14 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group has a 52 week low of $138.20 and a 52 week high of $255.15. Goldman Sachs Group also saw unusually large options trading activity on Tuesday. Stock investors acquired 8,747 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 212% compared to the typical daily volume of 2,801 call options. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The investment management company reported $5.15 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $5.31 by $0.16. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The business earned $8.03 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.33 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $2.68 EPS. Goldman Sachs Group’s quarterly revenue was up 26.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.30 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be issued a $0.75 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a $3.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.40%. This is a positive change from Goldman Sachs Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.65. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 15.89%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) PT Lowered to $250.00” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs-pt-lowered-to-250-00.html. In other Goldman Sachs Group news, EVP Edith W. Cooper sold 4,186 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $236.74, for a total value of $990,993.64. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 26,867 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,360,493.58. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Vice Chairman Pablo J. Salame sold 16,185 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $240.19, for a total value of $3,887,475.15. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 146,133 shares in the company, valued at approximately $35,099,685.27. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 91,990 shares of company stock worth $22,362,560 in the last 90 days. 2.61% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 887.5% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 20,865 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $3,365,000 after buying an additional 18,752 shares during the period. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL increased its stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 5.2% in the third quarter. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL now owns 1,877 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $302,000 after buying an additional 92 shares during the period. Alpha Cubed Investments LLC increased its stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 0.3% in the third quarter. Alpha Cubed Investments LLC now owns 4,850 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $782,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the period. Grandfield & Dodd LLC bought a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the third quarter worth about $277,000. Finally, Strategic Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 2.5% in the third quarter. Strategic Advisors LLC now owns 5,061 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $816,000 after buying an additional 122 shares during the period. 72.77% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Horizon National Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News General Dynamics’ (GD) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research First Horizon National Corp’s (FHN) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stephens Emerge Energy Services LP (EMES) Price Target Raised to $28.50 Entergy Co. (ETR) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research EnLink Midstream LLC (ENLC) Research Coverage Started at Guggenheim Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) PT Lowered to $250.00 FS Investment Co. (FSIC) Raised to “B” at TheStreet Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Boosts Stake in Century Communities, Inc (CCS) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $12.625 Million Stake in MutualFirst Financial, Inc. (MFSF) Fmr LLC Has $1,365,000 Stake in Universal Stainless & Alloy Products (USAP) Fmr LLC Has $1,385,000 Position in Zosano Pharma Corp (ZSAN) Horizon Bancorp (HBNC) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Lowers Stake in Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS) State Street Corp Raises Position in Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) BioSpecifics Technologies Corp. (BSTC) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP State Street Corp Buys 139,320 Shares of Tesco Co. (TESO) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest First Horizon National Corp’s (FHN) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stephens April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stephens reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) in a report released on Monday morning. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the stock. JMP Securities started coverage on shares of First Horizon National Corp in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. They set a market perform rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of First Horizon National Corp from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $21.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Wells Fargo & Co upgraded shares of First Horizon National Corp from an underperform rating to a market perform rating in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of First Horizon National Corp from an underperform rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of First Horizon National Corp from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. First Horizon National Corp has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $18.93. Shares of First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) opened at 18.09 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $4.23 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.65 and a beta of 1.17. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $18.77 and a 200 day moving average of $18.58. First Horizon National Corp has a 12 month low of $12.46 and a 12 month high of $20.84. First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $0.23 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.23. First Horizon National Corp had a net margin of 16.57% and a return on equity of 8.73%. The firm had revenue of $306.65 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $324.31 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.20 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that First Horizon National Corp will post $1.11 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/first-horizon-national-corps-fhn-hold-rating-reiterated-at-stephens.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th were given a dividend of $0.09 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.99%. This is a boost from First Horizon National Corp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.07. First Horizon National Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 29.79%. In other news, EVP John M. Daniel sold 28,987 shares of First Horizon National Corp stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.96, for a total transaction of $578,580.52. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 259,042 shares in the company, valued at $5,170,478.32. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. State Street Corp boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 6.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 10,994,845 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $220,000,000 after buying an additional 645,042 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 5.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 9,057,078 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $137,939,000 after buying an additional 479,504 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 21.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 8,895,097 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $135,472,000 after buying an additional 1,545,151 shares during the last quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 7.1% in the fourth quarter. Frontier Capital Management Co. LLC now owns 4,571,230 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $91,470,000 after buying an additional 303,799 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Franklin Resources Inc. boosted its stake in First Horizon National Corp by 404.0% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 4,175,200 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $83,546,000 after buying an additional 3,346,800 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.70% of the company’s stock. About First Horizon National Corp First Horizon National Corporation (FHN) is a bank holding company. The Company provides financial services through its subsidiary, First Tennessee Bank National Association (the Bank). The Company has four segments: regional banking, fixed income, corporate and non-strategic. The Company’s regional banking segment offers financial products and services, including traditional lending and deposit taking, to retail and commercial customers in Tennessee and other selected markets. Receive News & Ratings for First Horizon National Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Friday, April 21, 2017 JobsDatingBuy photosLocal BusinessesStar ShopClassifiedsBook An AdDigital Editions Home News Sport Entertainment What's On Business Education Farming Motors Property Family Announcements Notices Directory Business Shropshire Business Ladder for Shropshire Perks: Rewarding your loyal customers City News Money Careers Business Supplement The Farmer Advertise Local Businesses PUBLISHED: April 19, 2017 15:11 Morgan Stanley reports quarterly profits leap after interest rate hikes US investment bank Morgan Stanley is the latest Wall Street giant to report an impressive leap in quarterly profits thanks to interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve. The group saw first quarter profits jump 74% to 1.93 billion US dollars The group saw first quarter profits jump 74% to 1.93 billion US dollars (£1.5 billion) after bond sales and trading revenues in its fixed income division almost doubled to 1.7 billion US dollars (£1.3 billion) from 873 million US dollars (£680 million) a year earlier. Its wealth management arm also grew profits in the quarter, with net revenues of 4.1 billion US dollars (£3.2 billion) compared with 3.7 billion US dollars (£2.9 billion) a year earlier. The business grew assets under management by 10% to 2.19 trillion US dollars (£1.7 trillion). Morgan Stanley joins rivals in enjoying a bumper first quarter, with Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo all having been boosted by higher interest rates after the Fed hiked the cost of borrowing once in December and again in March. Goldman Sachs is the only US banking player so far to report back on a disappointing first-quarter, posting figures on Tuesday that revealed lacklustre trading revenues. While Goldman saw profits grow by 80% to 2.2 billion US dollars (£1.7 billion) in the first quarter, the performance fell short of analyst expectations. James Gorman, chairman and chief executive of Morgan Stanley, hailed one of the group's " strongest quarters in recent years". He added: "All our businesses performed well in improved market conditions. "We are confident in our business model and the opportunities ahead, while recognising that the environment remains uncertain." Fellow Wall Street giant BlackRock - the world's largest fund management group - also posted figures on Wednesday showing better-than-expected earnings as first quarter net income rose 31% to 862 million US dollars (£672 million). The group benefited from ongoing strong demand for its index-tracking funds, with assets under management rising to 5.4 trillion US dollars (£4.2 trillion) from 5.1 trillion US dollars (£4 trillion) the previous quarter. Commercial Links Jobs Dating Buy photos Local Businesses Star Reader Travel Star Shop Classifieds Book An Ad Digital Editions Useful links About us Contact Us Manage your Subscription Online Live road traffic updates Terms of website use Send us your news Deliver the Shropshire Star Live rail updates Cookies and privacy policy Making a complaint Shropshire Star archive Featured articles Try our beta site! We’re getting ready to launch our brand new website for shropshirestar.com and we’d like to give you a sneak preview. We’re still applying the finishing touches, so please bear with us if something’s not quite right. We'd love to hear your thoughts, good or bad, via the simple feedback button that you'll see to the right side of every page. Try the beta
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Polymetal International PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Polymetal International PLC (POLY) PT Raised to GBX 725 at Jefferies Group LLC Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates Buy Rating for Rotork p.l.c. (ROR) Tullow Oil plc (TLW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) Short Interest Update Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for HCP, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HCP) Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Telecom plus PLC’s (TEP) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at FinnCap Allianz SE (AZ) Receives “Buy” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird BTIG Research Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Pier 1 Imports Inc (PIR) Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Upgrades IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) to Buy Arconic Inc (ARNC) Now Covered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Forest City Realty Trust Inc (FCE.A) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Bank of America Corp NetEase Inc (NTES) Coverage Initiated at Benchmark Co. ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Hovde Group Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Sets New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Regency Centers Corp (REG) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Bunzl plc (BNZL) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Polymetal International PLC (POLY) PT Raised to GBX 725 at Jefferies Group LLC April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY) had its target price boosted by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from GBX 675 ($8.50) to GBX 725 ($9.13) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has an “underperform” rating on the mining company’s stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s target price indicates a potential downside of 30.89% from the stock’s current price. A number of other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Polymetal International PLC to an “underweight” rating and upped their price target for the stock from GBX 680 ($8.56) to GBX 980 ($12.33) in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Citigroup Inc reduced their price target on Polymetal International PLC from GBX 1,014 ($12.76) to GBX 1,000 ($12.59) and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Friday, March 17th. Royal Bank of Canada upped their price target on Polymetal International PLC from GBX 810 ($10.20) to GBX 840 ($10.57) and gave the stock a “sector performer” rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 1,100 ($13.85) price target on shares of Polymetal International PLC in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, Panmure Gordon began coverage on Polymetal International PLC in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. They issued a “buy” rating and a GBX 1,192 ($15.00) price target for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Polymetal International PLC has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 841.08 ($10.59). Polymetal International PLC (LON:POLY) opened at 1027.00 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 999.79 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 904.74. The company’s market cap is GBX 4.42 billion. Polymetal International PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 665.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,367.91. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be issued a dividend of €0.18 ($0.19) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.54%. This is a boost from Polymetal International PLC’s previous dividend of $0.15. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Polymetal International PLC (POLY) PT Raised to GBX 725 at Jefferies Group LLC” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/polymetal-international-plc-poly-pt-raised-to-gbx-725-at-jefferies-group-llc.html. Polymetal International PLC Company Profile Polymetal International plc is a gold and silver mining company operating in Russia, Kazakhstan and Armenia. The Company operates through nine segments: Voro (CJSC Gold of Northern Urals); Okhotsk operations (LLC Okhotskaya Mining and Exploration Company and Svetloye LLC); Dukat (JSC Magadan Silver); Omolon (Omolon Gold Mining Company LLC); Varvara (JSC Varvarinskoye; JSC Komarovskoye Mining Company); Amursk/Albazino (Albazino Resources Ltd, Amur Hydrometallurgical Plant LLC); Mayskoye (Mayskoye Gold Mining Company LLC); Kyzyl (Bakyrchik Mining Venture LLP and Inter Gold Capital LLP), and Armenia (Kapan MPC CJSC and LV Gold Mining CJSC). Receive News & Ratings for Polymetal International PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Polymetal International PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
CLOSE Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Tenders/Bids Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos Early morning bank robbery shootout Pedestrian safety education needed Poll tips NDZ to lead ANC Hospitals stable Sama nominees revealed Friday, April 21, 2017 Careers Tenders/ Bids /Notice Home National Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Limpopo Mpumalanga Free State North West Northern Cape Eastern Cape Western Cape WORLD AFRICA Sports TechknowAge Careers FINANCIAL LIBERATION Contact Us More Tenders/Bids Business Comments And Analysis #TNABizBrief Competitions Entertainment Science Subscription Lifestyle Videos BEF to lay criminal charges against banks for collusion April 20, 2017 0 119 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet A set of criminal charges will be laid against Executives and management of CitiBank and 17 other banks for their role in the collusion and rand manipulation scandal. Black Empowerment Foundation (BEF) civil society organisation is set to lay charges at Point Police Station in Durban KwaZulu-Natal on Thursday. BEF says it intends to open a criminal case against the banks for “corruption and collusive actions in the Forex Manipulation scandal” revealed by the Competition Commission earlier this year. “According to our mandate and constitution, we are obliged to institute action with regards to issues that are in the interests of the unmasking and exposing of corporate ulterior motives as well as educating broader society with regards to the economy and the effects of corruption,” said BEF in a statement. A press conference detailing the charges brought is expected to take place later on Thursday. In February the Competition Commission announced that it had evidence of collusion and price fixing among major banks. The banks included Absa, Barclays Capital, Barclays Bank plc, Standard Bank, Standard New York Securities, Investec, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, BNP Paribas, JP Morgan Chase, JP Morgan Chase Bank N.A, HSBC, Standard Chartered Bank, Credit Suisse, Commerzbank, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Nomura International and Macquarie Bank. The matter was then referred to the Competition Tribunal for prosecution. Citibank later announced that it would pay an administrative penalty of over R69 million for its role in the collusion and price fixing. Citibank alongside Absa and Barclays have been providing evidence to the Competition Commission regarding the collusion of 17 banks to manipulate the rand. -TNA Reporter siphiwe RELATED ARTICLES Mpumalanga Early morning bank robbery shootout Gauteng Pedestrian safety education needed National Video Rebecca Malope pays tribute to Ontlametse Phalatse NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Early morning bank robbery shootout Chiefs, United shooting for silverware RTMC now in driver’s seat Pedestrian safety education needed Rebecca Malope pays tribute to Ontlametse Phalatse Sundowns coach heaps praise on title rivals Chiefs Back in investors’ good books Ontlametse Phalatse’s funeral service gets underway The New Age covers news from all nine provinces, along with national events, Op-Ed columns, politics, Africa and International news, sports, business, entertainment, lifestyle, science and technology. Popular Item On #ZumaMustFall, ZCC says don’t include us Full statement issued... Multiple cars stolen at Mall of Africa Multiple vehicles have... Right of Reply: Oakbay CEO responds to Floyd Shivambu South Africa has... Recent News Early morning bank robbery shootout Police have confirmed... Chiefs, United shooting for silverware Their respective destinies... RTMC now in driver’s seat The Road Transport... About Us Oakbay Investments Vision & Mission Terms & Conditions Designed by FutureTeQ © Copyright 2016 - The New Age
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esure Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Short Interest Update Internap Corp (INAP) Short Interest Up 59.2% in March Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €125.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein BHP Billiton plc (BLT) PT Lowered to GBX 1,700 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Cairn Energy PLC (CNE) Barclays PLC Downgrades Esure Group PLC (ESUR) to Equal Weight Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Dollar General Corp. (DG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Buckingham Research Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Needham & Company LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Corium International Inc (CORI) Monsanto Company’s (MON) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc American Airlines Group’s (AAL) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company SLM Corp (SLM) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Clorox Co (CLX) Now Covered by Jefferies Group LLC WestRock Co (WRK) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc Pearson PLC (PSO) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Watsco Inc (WSO) to Sell Barclays PLC Downgrades Esure Group PLC (ESUR) to Equal Weight April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) was downgraded by equities research analysts at Barclays PLC to an “equal weight” rating in a report issued on Tuesday. They presently have a GBX 234 ($2.95) price target on the stock. Barclays PLC’s price target suggests a potential downside of 2.09% from the stock’s current price. A number of other analysts have also commented on the company. Numis Securities Ltd raised Esure Group PLC to a “buy” rating and raised their price target for the stock from GBX 220 ($2.77) to GBX 275 ($3.46) in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 230 ($2.89) price target on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.15) price target on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Citigroup Inc lowered Esure Group PLC to a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 235 ($2.96) price target for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Peel Hunt reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.52) price target on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 239.93 ($3.02). Shares of Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) opened at 238.90 on Tuesday. Esure Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 183.10 and a 1-year high of GBX 311.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 234.55 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 223.57. The firm’s market cap is GBX 998.44 million. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th will be given a dividend of GBX 10.50 ($0.13) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 13th. This represents a yield of 4.38%. This is a positive change from Esure Group PLC’s previous dividend of $3.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/barclays-plc-downgrades-esure-group-plc-esur-to-equal-weight.html. Esure Group PLC Company Profile esure Group plc is a holding company, which provides motor and home insurance products and services through its esure and Sheilas’ Wheels brands. The Company’s segments include motor underwriting, home underwriting, non-underwritten additional services and investments. The Motor underwriting segment includes the revenues and expenses attributable to its motor insurance underwriting activities inclusive of additional insurance products underwritten by it. Receive News & Ratings for Esure Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Short Interest Update Internap Corp (INAP) Short Interest Up 59.2% in March Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €125.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein BHP Billiton plc (BLT) PT Lowered to GBX 1,700 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Cairn Energy PLC (CNE) Barclays PLC Downgrades Esure Group PLC (ESUR) to Equal Weight Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Tableau Software Inc (DATA) Raised to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Dollar General Corp. (DG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Buckingham Research Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC Needham & Company LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Corium International Inc (CORI) Monsanto Company’s (MON) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc American Airlines Group’s (AAL) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company SLM Corp (SLM) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Clorox Co (CLX) Now Covered by Jefferies Group LLC WestRock Co (WRK) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc Pearson PLC (PSO) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Watsco Inc (WSO) to Sell Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €125.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) has been assigned a €125.00 ($132.98) target price by equities researchers at Sanford C. Bernstein in a research note issued on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the healthcare company’s stock. Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Deutsche Bank AG set a €120.00 ($127.66) price target on shares of Bayer AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Bayer AG in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Commerzbank Ag set a €118.00 ($125.53) price target on shares of Bayer AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Bayer AG in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a €115.00 ($122.34) price target on shares of Bayer AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 19th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company. Bayer AG presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €111.88 ($119.02). Shares of Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) opened at 104.725 on Tuesday. Bayer AG has a 52 week low of €83.87 and a 52 week high of €112.11. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €106.56 and its 200 day moving average is €99.11. The firm has a market cap of €86.60 billion and a P/E ratio of 19.251. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Bayer AG (BAYN) PT Set at €125.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/bayer-ag-bayn-pt-set-at-125-00-by-sanford-c-bernstein.html. About Bayer AG . Receive News & Ratings for Bayer AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clorox Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Clorox Co (CLX) Now Covered by Jefferies Group LLC WestRock Co (WRK) Rating Reiterated by Citigroup Inc Pearson PLC (PSO) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Watsco Inc (WSO) to Sell Alcobra Ltd (ADHD) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reiterates Outperform Rating for Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Gap Inc (GPS) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Biogen Inc (BIIB) Rating Reiterated by Mizuho Incyte Co. (INCY) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.90) Per Share Alteryx Inc (AYX) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. CIBC Increases Axovant Sciences Ltd (AXON) Price Target to $33.00 Aircastle Limited (AYR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Banco de Chile (BCH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on 58.com (WUBA) SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explore & Prod. (XOP) Short Interest Update Traders Buy Large Volume of Energy Select Sector SPDR Put Options (XLE) Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €105.00 by Macquarie Clorox Co (CLX) Now Covered by Jefferies Group LLC April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts at Jefferies Group LLC initiated coverage on shares of Clorox Co (NYSE:CLX) in a report released on Tuesday. The brokerage set a “hold” rating and a $138.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s target price points to a potential upside of 1.84% from the stock’s current price. CLX has been the topic of several other reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered Clorox from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Clorox in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $136.00 target price on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada set a $115.00 target price on Clorox and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Barclays PLC raised Clorox from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and dropped their target price for the stock from $115.00 to $111.00 in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Vetr raised Clorox from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $140.50 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Twelve analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. Clorox has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $128.97. Shares of Clorox (NYSE:CLX) opened at 135.51 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $17.38 billion, a PE ratio of 27.18 and a beta of 0.32. Clorox has a 12-month low of $111.24 and a 12-month high of $140.47. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $136.20 and its 200-day moving average is $124.62. Clorox (NYSE:CLX) last issued its earnings results on Friday, February 3rd. The company reported $1.25 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.03. Clorox had a return on equity of 239.42% and a net margin of 11.15%. The firm had revenue of $1.41 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.41 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.14 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.5% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Clorox will post $5.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Investors of record on Wednesday, April 19th will be paid a dividend of $0.80 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, April 17th. This represents a $3.20 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.36%. Clorox’s dividend payout ratio is currently 64.13%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/clorox-co-clx-now-covered-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Clorox during the fourth quarter valued at $122,784,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Clorox during the fourth quarter valued at $47,452,000. Congress Asset Management Co. MA purchased a new position in shares of Clorox during the fourth quarter valued at $46,454,000. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. purchased a new position in shares of Clorox during the fourth quarter valued at $34,303,000. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Clorox by 1,915.6% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 273,277 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,822,000 after buying an additional 259,719 shares in the last quarter. 70.14% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Clorox The Clorox Company is a manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products. The Company sells its products primarily through mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels, wholesale distributors and medical supply distributors. The Company operates through four segments: Cleaning, Household, Lifestyle and International. Receive News & Ratings for Clorox Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » International » Market Report RIL inches up after commissioning ethane plant at Dahej Business Standard Mixed finish for US stocks Capital Market  April 20, 2017 Last Updated at 10:06 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV16iD ALSO READ Asia Pacific Market: Protectionism worry drags on stocks Asia Pacific Market: Stocks up on rising risk appetite Record close for US stocks US stocks set fresh records again US stocks end in the green Oil stocks and IMB drag on Dow Indices at wall Street ended in a mixed note on Wednesday, 19 APril 2017. The Dow industrials and the S&P 500 ended lower on Wednesday as a drop in oil prices fueled a selloff in energy shares while a drop in IBM was responsible for half the session's losses in the blue-chip average. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 118.79 points, or 0.6%, to 20,404.49, with IBM by far the biggest drag. The S&P 500 which had earlier traded back and forth between slight gains and losses, finished down 4.02 points, or 0.2%, at 2,338.17. The Nasdaq Composite rose 13.56 points, or 0.2%, to finish at 5,863.03. The Nasdaq Composite rose 13.56 points, or 0.2%, to finish at 5,863.03. IBM shed 4.9% after the tech giant posted weaker-than-expected quarterly sales late Tuesday. It was the biggest one-day drop for the company since June, and the decline took the stock to its weakest level since December. Also, shares of Chevron fell 1.4%, adding further drag to the Dow. Seven of the S&P 500's 11 primary sectors finished lower on the day. Energy shares closed down 1.4% with oil futures settling down 3.8% at $50.44 a barrel. Health-care and industrial shares posted slight gains. Financials, which had been the lead gainer earlier in the session, finished with a loss. There were several factors that weighed on the equity market on Wednesday, not the least of which was another disappointing performance from the financial sector. The sector failed to capitalize, yet again, on a positive earnings report from one of its top components. Morgan Stanley jumped 2.0% after beating top and bottom line estimates, but, in similar fashion to last week's reports from JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, the company's upbeat figures did little to rally the troops. Oil prices suffered their largest one-day loss in six weeks at Nymex on Wednesday, 19 April 2017 as a steep drop ahead Wednesday's settlement pushed prices to their lowest finish in 2 weeks. An unexpected weekly climb in U.S. gasoline suppliesthe first in about two monthshad fueled earlier losses, which worsened amid volatile trading tied to Thursday's expiration of the May West Texas Intermediate crude contract. Precious metals ended lower at Comex on Wednesday, 19 April 2017. Gold prices tumbled to their lowest finish in a week on Wednesday as the dollar clawed its way up from the three-week low reached on Tuesday. Still, tensions over North Korea and looming French and U.K. elections that hold implications for the European economy have provided haven investor demand for precious metals in recent days. On Wednesday, June gold fell $10.70, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,283.40 an ounce. Gold prices had scored a fifth straight session gain on Tuesday to settle at their highest level since early November. Prices for the yellow metal initially extended their losses in electronic trading after the Federal Reserve released its Beige Book synopsis of economic conditions after the gold-price settlement on Wednesday. But prices edged up to $1,283.70 about a half an hour after the report. May silver meanwhile, fell 11 cents, or 0.6%, to settle at $18.162 an ounce, with prices holding ground around that level shortly after the Beige Book release. The ICE U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 99.716. Gold and the dollar often move inversely as a stronger dollar dulls the appeal of dollar-pegged assets for investors using other currencies. On the economic data front, investors received the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index. The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index decreased 1.8% to follow last week's 1.5% increase. Tomorrow, investors will receive Initial Claims (consensus 242,000) and the Philadelphia Fed Survey for April (consensus 23.7) at 8:30 ET and March Leading Indicators (consensus 0.3%) at 10:00 ET. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Dow Jones | Oil | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Mixed finish for US stocks Oil stocks and IMB drag on Dow Oil stocks and IMB drag on Dow Indices at wall Street ended in a mixed note on Wednesday, 19 APril 2017. The Dow industrials and the S&P 500 ended lower on Wednesday as a drop in oil prices fueled a selloff in energy shares while a drop in IBM was responsible for half the session's losses in the blue-chip average. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 118.79 points, or 0.6%, to 20,404.49, with IBM by far the biggest drag. The S&P 500 which had earlier traded back and forth between slight gains and losses, finished down 4.02 points, or 0.2%, at 2,338.17. The Nasdaq Composite rose 13.56 points, or 0.2%, to finish at 5,863.03. The Nasdaq Composite rose 13.56 points, or 0.2%, to finish at 5,863.03. IBM shed 4.9% after the tech giant posted weaker-than-expected quarterly sales late Tuesday. It was the biggest one-day drop for the company since June, and the decline took the stock to its weakest level since December. Also, shares of Chevron fell 1.4%, adding further drag to the Dow. Seven of the S&P 500's 11 primary sectors finished lower on the day. Energy shares closed down 1.4% with oil futures settling down 3.8% at $50.44 a barrel. Health-care and industrial shares posted slight gains. Financials, which had been the lead gainer earlier in the session, finished with a loss. There were several factors that weighed on the equity market on Wednesday, not the least of which was another disappointing performance from the financial sector. The sector failed to capitalize, yet again, on a positive earnings report from one of its top components. Morgan Stanley jumped 2.0% after beating top and bottom line estimates, but, in similar fashion to last week's reports from JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, the company's upbeat figures did little to rally the troops. Oil prices suffered their largest one-day loss in six weeks at Nymex on Wednesday, 19 April 2017 as a steep drop ahead Wednesday's settlement pushed prices to their lowest finish in 2 weeks. An unexpected weekly climb in U.S. gasoline suppliesthe first in about two monthshad fueled earlier losses, which worsened amid volatile trading tied to Thursday's expiration of the May West Texas Intermediate crude contract. Precious metals ended lower at Comex on Wednesday, 19 April 2017. Gold prices tumbled to their lowest finish in a week on Wednesday as the dollar clawed its way up from the three-week low reached on Tuesday. Still, tensions over North Korea and looming French and U.K. elections that hold implications for the European economy have provided haven investor demand for precious metals in recent days. On Wednesday, June gold fell $10.70, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,283.40 an ounce. Gold prices had scored a fifth straight session gain on Tuesday to settle at their highest level since early November. Prices for the yellow metal initially extended their losses in electronic trading after the Federal Reserve released its Beige Book synopsis of economic conditions after the gold-price settlement on Wednesday. But prices edged up to $1,283.70 about a half an hour after the report. May silver meanwhile, fell 11 cents, or 0.6%, to settle at $18.162 an ounce, with prices holding ground around that level shortly after the Beige Book release. The ICE U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 99.716. Gold and the dollar often move inversely as a stronger dollar dulls the appeal of dollar-pegged assets for investors using other currencies. On the economic data front, investors received the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index. The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index decreased 1.8% to follow last week's 1.5% increase. Tomorrow, investors will receive Initial Claims (consensus 242,000) and the Philadelphia Fed Survey for April (consensus 23.7) at 8:30 ET and March Leading Indicators (consensus 0.3%) at 10:00 ET. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Mixed finish for US stocks Oil stocks and IMB drag on Dow Indices at wall Street ended in a mixed note on Wednesday, 19 APril 2017. The Dow industrials and the S&P 500 ended lower on Wednesday as a drop in oil prices fueled a selloff in energy shares while a drop in IBM was responsible for half the session's losses in the blue-chip average. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 118.79 points, or 0.6%, to 20,404.49, with IBM by far the biggest drag. The S&P 500 which had earlier traded back and forth between slight gains and losses, finished down 4.02 points, or 0.2%, at 2,338.17. The Nasdaq Composite rose 13.56 points, or 0.2%, to finish at 5,863.03. The Nasdaq Composite rose 13.56 points, or 0.2%, to finish at 5,863.03. IBM shed 4.9% after the tech giant posted weaker-than-expected quarterly sales late Tuesday. It was the biggest one-day drop for the company since June, and the decline took the stock to its weakest level since December. Also, shares of Chevron fell 1.4%, adding further drag to the Dow. Seven of the S&P 500's 11 primary sectors finished lower on the day. Energy shares closed down 1.4% with oil futures settling down 3.8% at $50.44 a barrel. Health-care and industrial shares posted slight gains. Financials, which had been the lead gainer earlier in the session, finished with a loss. There were several factors that weighed on the equity market on Wednesday, not the least of which was another disappointing performance from the financial sector. The sector failed to capitalize, yet again, on a positive earnings report from one of its top components. Morgan Stanley jumped 2.0% after beating top and bottom line estimates, but, in similar fashion to last week's reports from JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, the company's upbeat figures did little to rally the troops. Oil prices suffered their largest one-day loss in six weeks at Nymex on Wednesday, 19 April 2017 as a steep drop ahead Wednesday's settlement pushed prices to their lowest finish in 2 weeks. An unexpected weekly climb in U.S. gasoline suppliesthe first in about two monthshad fueled earlier losses, which worsened amid volatile trading tied to Thursday's expiration of the May West Texas Intermediate crude contract. Precious metals ended lower at Comex on Wednesday, 19 April 2017. Gold prices tumbled to their lowest finish in a week on Wednesday as the dollar clawed its way up from the three-week low reached on Tuesday. Still, tensions over North Korea and looming French and U.K. elections that hold implications for the European economy have provided haven investor demand for precious metals in recent days. On Wednesday, June gold fell $10.70, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,283.40 an ounce. Gold prices had scored a fifth straight session gain on Tuesday to settle at their highest level since early November. Prices for the yellow metal initially extended their losses in electronic trading after the Federal Reserve released its Beige Book synopsis of economic conditions after the gold-price settlement on Wednesday. But prices edged up to $1,283.70 about a half an hour after the report. May silver meanwhile, fell 11 cents, or 0.6%, to settle at $18.162 an ounce, with prices holding ground around that level shortly after the Beige Book release. The ICE U.S. Dollar Index rose 0.2% to 99.716. Gold and the dollar often move inversely as a stronger dollar dulls the appeal of dollar-pegged assets for investors using other currencies. On the economic data front, investors received the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index. The weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index decreased 1.8% to follow last week's 1.5% increase. Tomorrow, investors will receive Initial Claims (consensus 242,000) and the Philadelphia Fed Survey for April (consensus 23.7) at 8:30 ET and March Leading Indicators (consensus 0.3%) at 10:00 ET. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alteryx Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alteryx Inc (AYX) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. CIBC Increases Axovant Sciences Ltd (AXON) Price Target to $33.00 Aircastle Limited (AYR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Banco de Chile (BCH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on 58.com (WUBA) SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explore & Prod. (XOP) Short Interest Update Traders Buy Large Volume of Energy Select Sector SPDR Put Options (XLE) Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €105.00 by Macquarie Liberty Property Trust Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.61 Per Share (LPT) Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €56.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Rodman & Renshaw Boosts Protalix Biotherapeutics Inc (PLX) Price Target to $5.00 Orange SA (ORA) Given a €17.40 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €38.00 by Royal Bank of Canada NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research ABB Ltd (ABB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley Nestle SA (NSRGY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Short Interest Update Intact Financial Co. (IFC) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share Alteryx Inc (AYX) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. started coverage on shares of Alteryx Inc (NYSE:AYX) in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. The firm set an “outperform” rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc.’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 21.07% from the company’s current price. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on AYX. Pacific Crest initiated coverage on Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday. They set an “overweight” rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday. They set a “buy” rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday. They set a “neutral” rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Cowen and Company initiated coverage on Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday. They set an “outperform” rating and a $21.00 price target on the stock. Finally, JMP Securities initiated coverage on Alteryx in a research report on Tuesday. They set an “outperform” rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. Alteryx currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $19.50. Alteryx (NYSE:AYX) opened at 16.52 on Tuesday. The stock’s market cap is $539.76 million. Alteryx has a 12 month low of $14.61 and a 12 month high of $17.50. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $16.09 and a 200-day moving average price of $16.09. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/alteryx-inc-ayx-now-covered-by-raymond-james-financial-inc.html. In other news, major shareholder Iconiq Strategic Partners Ii, bought 675,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $14.00 per share, with a total value of $9,450,000.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. About Alteryx Alteryx, Inc is a United States-based provider of self-service data analytics software. The Company offers various products, such as Alteryx Designer, Alteryx Server and Alteryx Analytics Gallery. Alteryx Designer is a repeatable workflow for self-service data analytics. Alteryx Designer allows data analysts by combining data preparation, data blending, and analytics-predictive, statistical and spatial-using the same user interface. Receive News & Ratings for Alteryx Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alteryx Inc (AYX) Now Covered by Raymond James Financial, Inc. CIBC Increases Axovant Sciences Ltd (AXON) Price Target to $33.00 Aircastle Limited (AYR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Banco de Chile (BCH) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on 58.com (WUBA) SPDR S&P Oil & Gas Explore & Prod. (XOP) Short Interest Update Traders Buy Large Volume of Energy Select Sector SPDR Put Options (XLE) Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €105.00 by Macquarie Liberty Property Trust Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.61 Per Share (LPT) Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €56.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Rodman & Renshaw Boosts Protalix Biotherapeutics Inc (PLX) Price Target to $5.00 Orange SA (ORA) Given a €17.40 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €38.00 by Royal Bank of Canada NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research ABB Ltd (ABB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley Nestle SA (NSRGY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Short Interest Update Intact Financial Co. (IFC) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (NYSE:AQN) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note released on Friday. According to Zacks, “Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. is a renewable energy and regulated utility company engaged in the ownership of power generation facilities, and water and energy utilities primarily in North America. The Corporation invests in hydroelectric, wind and solar power facilities, and sustainable utility distribution businesses (water, electricity and natural gas) through its subsidiaries. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. is headquartered in Oakville, Canada. “ A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on AQN. National Bank Financial reissued an outperform market weight rating on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. in a research report on Sunday, January 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. in a research report on Monday, February 27th. They issued a neutral rating for the company. Shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (NYSE:AQN) opened at 9.61 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $2.63 billion, a PE ratio of 43.09 and a beta of 0.82. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. has a 12 month low of $7.75 and a 12 month high of $10.18. The company has a 50-day moving average of $9.46 and a 200 day moving average of $8.81. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/algonquin-power-utilities-corp-aqn-rating-increased-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. A hedge fund recently raised its stake in Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. stock. Barometer Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (NYSE:AQN) by 109.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 3,185,783 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after buying an additional 1,664,783 shares during the period. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. comprises approximately 2.6% of Barometer Capital Management Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 7th largest position. Barometer Capital Management Inc. owned about 1.16% of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. worth $30,520,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 7.55% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (AQN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Orange SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rodman & Renshaw Boosts Protalix Biotherapeutics Inc (PLX) Price Target to $5.00 Orange SA (ORA) Given a €17.40 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €38.00 by Royal Bank of Canada NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research ABB Ltd (ABB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley Nestle SA (NSRGY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Short Interest Update Intact Financial Co. (IFC) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.08) Per Share Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Smc Corp Spon (SMCAY) to Sell Vetr Inc. Downgrades Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) to Hold Exelon Co. (EXC) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Yangarra Resources Ltd. (YGR) Research Coverage Started at Canaccord Genuity Zacks Investment Research Downgrades BAE Systems PLC (BAESY) to Sell Investors Buy High Volume of Call Options on Coach (COH) Amyris Inc (AMRS) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Reaches New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Orange SA (ORA) Given a €17.40 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Orange SA (EPA:ORA) has been assigned a €17.40 ($18.51) price target by equities research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other research firms have also recently commented on ORA. HSBC Holdings plc set a €17.00 ($18.09) target price on Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Orange SA in a research note on Friday, January 6th. Morgan Stanley set a €20.50 ($21.81) price objective on Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. S&P Global set a €17.00 ($18.09) price objective on Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €20.50 ($21.81) price objective on Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of €17.42 ($18.53). Orange SA (EPA:ORA) opened at 14.03 on Tuesday. Orange SA has a 52 week low of €12.38 and a 52 week high of €15.66. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €14.48 and its 200-day moving average price is €14.24. The company has a market cap of €37.32 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.53. WARNING: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/orange-sa-ora-given-a-17-40-price-target-by-deutsche-bank-ag-analysts.html. About Orange SA Orange SA is a telecommunications operator. The Company also provides telecommunication services to multinational companies, under the brand Orange Business Services. The Company’s segments include France, Spain, Poland, Belgium and Luxembourg, Central European countries, Africa and Middle East, Enterprise, and International Carriers & Shared Services. Receive News & Ratings for Orange SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €105.00 by Macquarie Liberty Property Trust Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.61 Per Share (LPT) Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €56.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Rodman & Renshaw Boosts Protalix Biotherapeutics Inc (PLX) Price Target to $5.00 Orange SA (ORA) Given a €17.40 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €38.00 by Royal Bank of Canada NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research ABB Ltd (ABB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley Nestle SA (NSRGY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Short Interest Update Intact Financial Co. (IFC) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.08) Per Share Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Smc Corp Spon (SMCAY) to Sell Vetr Inc. Downgrades Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) to Hold Exelon Co. (EXC) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Yangarra Resources Ltd. (YGR) Research Coverage Started at Canaccord Genuity Zacks Investment Research Downgrades BAE Systems PLC (BAESY) to Sell Investors Buy High Volume of Call Options on Coach (COH) Amyris Inc (AMRS) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €105.00 by Macquarie April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Basf Se (ETR:BAS) has been assigned a €105.00 ($111.70) price objective by research analysts at Macquarie in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the basic materials company’s stock. BAS has been the topic of several other reports. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €66.00 ($70.21) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Societe Generale set a €102.00 ($108.51) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. BNP Paribas set a €92.00 ($97.87) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €89.00 ($94.68) price target on shares of Basf Se and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €90.28 ($96.04). Shares of Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 89.036 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €90.63 and its 200-day moving average price is €86.01. The firm has a market capitalization of €81.78 billion and a PE ratio of 20.190. Basf Se has a 52-week low of €63.30 and a 52-week high of €94.15. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €105.00 by Macquarie” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/basf-se-bas-pt-set-at-105-00-by-macquarie-2.html. Basf Se Company Profile BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research ABB Ltd (ABB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley Nestle SA (NSRGY) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Short Interest Update Intact Financial Co. (IFC) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.08) Per Share Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Smc Corp Spon (SMCAY) to Sell Vetr Inc. Downgrades Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) to Hold Exelon Co. (EXC) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Yangarra Resources Ltd. (YGR) Research Coverage Started at Canaccord Genuity Zacks Investment Research Downgrades BAE Systems PLC (BAESY) to Sell Investors Buy High Volume of Call Options on Coach (COH) Amyris Inc (AMRS) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Reaches New 12-Month High After Strong Earnings WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Friday Secure Energy Services Inc (SES) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Potash Co. of Saskatchewan Inc (POT) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Quebecor, Inc. (QBR.B) Earns Action List Buy Rating from TD Securities AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Monday. The firm currently has $82.00 price target on the financial services provider’s stock. According to Zacks, “Aflac’s efforts to increase agent productivity, emphasis on sale of third-sector products, pull back on sale of first-sector products, introduction of new product like cancer insurance are likely to drive long-term growth. Its strong capital position enables it to buy back shares and increase dividend payouts. Its 2017 Zacks Consensus earnings estimates have also gone up over the past 60 days. But it remains exposed to a challenging operating environment, primarily in Japan. Moreover, its U.S. business has been facing stiff competition in the middle market, which in turn, has been denting its sales. In 2016, the company recorded disappointing U.S. sales figures. Despite writing almost $1.5 billion in new premiums, the company did not achieve its 2016 sales growth target of 3–5%. The shares have underperformed the Zacks categorized Accident and Health Insurance industry year to date.” A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on AFL. Evercore ISI raised AFLAC from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Citigroup Inc started coverage on AFLAC in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a neutral rating and a $73.00 price objective for the company. Royal Bank of Canada dropped their price objective on AFLAC from $65.00 to $62.00 and set an underperform rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised AFLAC from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $71.71 to $75.00 in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised AFLAC from an underperform rating to a neutral rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $75.00 to $78.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $73.38. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) opened at 73.57 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $72.47 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.86. AFLAC has a 1-year low of $66.50 and a 1-year high of $74.50. The company has a market cap of $29.53 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.46 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The financial services provider reported $1.54 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.63 by $0.09. The business earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.65 billion. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. The business’s revenue was up 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.56 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that AFLAC will post $6.43 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/aflac-incorporated-afl-upgraded-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, Director Karole Lloyd acquired 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $68.42 per share, for a total transaction of $136,840.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 4,441 shares in the company, valued at approximately $303,853.22. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Douglas Wayne Johnson sold 1,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $73.04, for a total value of $102,256.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 19,287 shares in the company, valued at $1,408,722.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 52,630 shares of company stock valued at $3,760,333. 3.90% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 14.9% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,054,261 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $147,640,000 after buying an additional 265,847 shares during the period. AMP Capital Investors Ltd increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 24.4% in the third quarter. AMP Capital Investors Ltd now owns 275,151 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $19,690,000 after buying an additional 54,028 shares during the period. Willis Investment Counsel increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 90.7% in the fourth quarter. Willis Investment Counsel now owns 275,898 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $19,203,000 after buying an additional 131,251 shares during the period. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,353,746 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,486,224,000 after buying an additional 1,433,277 shares during the period. Finally, NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. increased its stake in shares of AFLAC by 6.6% in the fourth quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 425,112 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $29,587,000 after buying an additional 26,367 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 62.45% of the company’s stock. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on AFLAC (AFL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Lowers Morgan Stanley (MS) to Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Upgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Brokerages Expect Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) to Post $0.05 Earnings Per Share Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.01 Per Share Brokerages Expect Independent Bank Group Inc (IBTX) Will Post Earnings of $0.81 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Ryder System, Inc. (R) Will Announce Earnings of $0.84 Per Share IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $255.18 Million CACI International Inc (CACI) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.45 Per Share Novocure Ltd (NVCR) CTO Sells $41,720.00 in Stock Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Director Sells $93,600.00 in Stock Yoram Palti Sells 4,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock James Frodsham Sells 2,000 Shares of Ciena Co. (CIEN) Stock Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) SVP Sells $65,777.14 in Stock DISH Network Corp (DISH) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $95.85 Million $7.01 Billion in Sales Expected for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) This Quarter Gartner Inc (IT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.61 Per Share Brokerages Expect TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.65 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Upgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) was upgraded by equities researchers at Vetr from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a $191.20 price objective on the investment management company’s stock. Vetr‘s target price would indicate a potential downside of 10.69% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. HSBC Holdings plc restated a “buy” rating and set a $291.00 price target on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Bank of America Corp restated a “buy” rating and set a $265.00 price target (down from $275.00) on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Wednesday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $228.34. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) traded down 0.70% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $214.09. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 6,428,792 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $235.94 and a 200-day moving average of $222.39. Goldman Sachs Group has a 12-month low of $138.20 and a 12-month high of $255.15. The company has a market cap of $88.81 billion, a PE ratio of 13.14 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group also saw unusually large options trading on Tuesday. Investors bought 8,747 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of 212% compared to the average daily volume of 2,801 call options. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The investment management company reported $5.15 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $5.31 by $0.16. The firm had revenue of $8.03 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.33 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The business’s revenue was up 26.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $2.68 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.59 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be paid a dividend of $0.75 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a $3.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.40%. This is a boost from Goldman Sachs Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.65. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently 15.89%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs-upgraded-to-sell-at-vetr-inc.html. In other Goldman Sachs Group news, Director James A. /Dc/ Johnson sold 11,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $233.99, for a total transaction of $2,714,284.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 11,600 shares in the company, valued at $2,714,284. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, EVP Edith W. Cooper sold 4,186 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $236.74, for a total value of $990,993.64. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 26,867 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,360,493.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 128,590 shares of company stock worth $30,926,594 in the last 90 days. 2.61% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $109,000. Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $121,000. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $158,000. Cedar Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 3.9% in the third quarter. Cedar Wealth Management LLC now owns 983 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $159,000 after buying an additional 37 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $166,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 72.77% of the company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Company Profile The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Lowers Morgan Stanley (MS) to Sell Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Upgraded to “Sell” at Vetr Inc. Brokerages Expect Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) to Post $0.05 Earnings Per Share Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.01 Per Share Brokerages Expect Independent Bank Group Inc (IBTX) Will Post Earnings of $0.81 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Ryder System, Inc. (R) Will Announce Earnings of $0.84 Per Share IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $255.18 Million CACI International Inc (CACI) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.45 Per Share Novocure Ltd (NVCR) CTO Sells $41,720.00 in Stock Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Director Sells $93,600.00 in Stock Yoram Palti Sells 4,000 Shares of Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Stock James Frodsham Sells 2,000 Shares of Ciena Co. (CIEN) Stock Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) SVP Sells $65,777.14 in Stock DISH Network Corp (DISH) Given Buy Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $95.85 Million $7.01 Billion in Sales Expected for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) This Quarter Gartner Inc (IT) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.61 Per Share Brokerages Expect TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.65 Per Share Vetr Inc. Lowers Morgan Stanley (MS) to Sell April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) was downgraded by research analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. They currently have a $40.50 price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Vetr‘s target price would indicate a potential downside of 3.66% from the stock’s current price. Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Morgan Stanley from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Deutsche Bank AG raised Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the company from $42.49 to $47.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Macquarie reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Atlantic Securities raised Morgan Stanley from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the company from $27.00 to $44.00 in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and eighteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.75. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) traded up 2.01% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $42.04. The company had a trading volume of 19,850,262 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $78.45 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.39 and a beta of 1.80. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $43.73 and a 200 day moving average of $41.13. Morgan Stanley has a 52 week low of $23.11 and a 52 week high of $47.33. Morgan Stanley also was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Wednesday. Stock investors bought 9,738 put options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 305% compared to the average daily volume of 2,405 put options. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The financial services provider reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.10. The firm earned $9.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.29 billion. Morgan Stanley had a return on equity of 8.48% and a net margin of 15.76%. Morgan Stanley’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.55 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Morgan Stanley will post $3.39 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Monday, May 1st will be given a $0.20 dividend. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.90%. Morgan Stanley’s dividend payout ratio is currently 27.40%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/vetr-inc-lowers-morgan-stanley-ms-to-sell.html. In related news, insider Eric F. Grossman sold 17,562 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $42.14, for a total value of $740,062.68. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 242,100 shares in the company, valued at approximately $10,202,094. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Paul C. Wirth sold 12,481 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $46.04, for a total value of $574,625.24. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 203,557 shares in the company, valued at $9,371,764.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 506,897 shares of company stock worth $21,781,793. 0.35% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Adirondack Trust Co. boosted its stake in Morgan Stanley by 2.5% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 2,824 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $121,000 after buying an additional 70 shares in the last quarter. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Morgan Stanley during the third quarter valued at about $110,000. Parkside Financial Bank & Trust boosted its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 6.4% in the third quarter. Parkside Financial Bank & Trust now owns 3,437 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $110,000 after buying an additional 207 shares during the period. Sowell Financial Services LLC purchased a new position in shares of Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter valued at about $163,000. Finally, MCF Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 0.6% in the third quarter. MCF Advisors LLC now owns 4,176 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 85.87% of the company’s stock. Morgan Stanley Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics April 19, 2017 11:06 pm Updated: April 20, 2017 7:52 am Venezuela donated $500,000 to Donald Trump inauguration despite food shortages By Staff The Associated Press WATCH ABOVE: Two students and a National Guard sergeant died during protests against unpopular leftist leader Nicolas Maduro on Wednesday. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen CARACAS, Venezuela – President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump‘s inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Story continues below Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s $1 million contribution. READ MORE: Donald Trump inaugural pulls in massive quantities of cash from donors Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. “Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity … will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community,” the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world’s largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation’s oil wealth. READ MORE: Venezuela’s president has carried out a ‘coup d’etat’: national assembly leader PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 per cent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. “We are extremely concerned that Rosneft’s control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security,” six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Donald Trump Donald Trump inaugural Donald Trump inaugural donations donald trump inauguration Donald Trump inauguration donations President Donald Trump Trump inaugural Trump inaugural Venezuela Trump inauguration donations Venezuela Venezuela Editor's Picks Canada Marijuana will be legal, but for many activists the fight isn't over Canada Why Canada wins, but many Torontonians lose, from Ontario's new housing measures Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? Canada Analysis: Canada’s Charter remains a flawed document that no politician dares try to fix Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers Politics Airstrikes in Syria further complicate Trump's relationship with Russia FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Michigan cops may soon be barred from having sex with prostitutes while undercover 32130 Donald Trump said Korea was once part of China. It wasn't. 3632 X-Files renewed for 10 more episodes. Will it film in Vancouver? 2735 Donald Trump again attacks Canada’s dairy industry, calls NAFTA a ‘trading disaster’ 2690 North Korea warns U.S. of ‘super-mighty pre-emptive strike’ as tensions mount 1829 Sponsored content Popular Videos Justin Trudeau responds to Trump’s attack on Canada’s dairy industry WATCH NOW Judge rules non-Catholic students cannot attend Catholic schools in Saskatchewan WATCH NOW PM Trudeau discusses what he has learned about Trump since presidency WATCH NOW Oklahoma’s ‘Witch grandma’ sentenced to 3 consecutive life sentences for child abuse WATCH NOW $10.25M lawsuit filed for hit on NHL linesman WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Search Watch Live Home UK Brexit Trump World Business Politics Tech Entertainment Offbeat Weather Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro donates $500,000 to Trump fund despite economic woes Two people are killed in protests in Venezuela as the president is accused of pilfering the nation's wealth. 07:49, UK, Thursday 20 April 2017 Image: President Nicolas Maduro delivers a speech in Caracas Twitter Facebook Google+ Whats App Mail The president of Venezuela donated $500,000 (£391,000) to Donald Trump's inauguration fund despite the country suffering severe economic problems and food shortages. Inaugural committee records show Citgo Petroleum, a US affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some US firms including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1m contribution. Nicolas Maduro has been careful not to antagonise the new US president, but the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. Image: A demonstrator throws a tear gas grenade back at police during a march against Mr Maduro In February, Mr Trump met the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the US State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. On Wednesday, two people were shot dead as thousands of Venezuelans took part in protests against Mr Maduro demanding fresh elections and the release of jailed opposition politicians. The South American country has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but many Venezuelans accuse Mr Maduro of pilfering the nation's wealth. Nicolas Maduro Venezuela Top Stories Terror probe as officer shot dead in Paris attack Shock as French police search suspect's home Paris attack may sway undecided voters Witness: Gunman came out of car shooting Dortmund attack suspect 'had financial motive' Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Vine Google+ About Sky News Down About Us Sky News International Sky News Library Sales Site Map Editorial Guidelines Supreme Court Live Sky News Services Down Sky News RSS Sky News For Your Phone Sky News Radio Sky Channels Down Sky 1 Sky Living Sky Atlantic Sky Arts Sky Cinema Sky Sports More Sky Sites Down NOW TV Sky Academy Bigger Picture Sky Ride Sky Corporate Sky Bet Sky.com Sky News Arabia Advertise With Us Terms & Conditions Privacy & Cookies Notice Accessibility Information Contact Us © 2017 Sky UK We use cookies to give you the best experience. If you do nothing we'll assume that it's ok. Close Close
Las Vegas Sun April 21, 2017 Currently: 75° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Newsletter signup Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration Andrew Harnik / AP Vice President Mike Pence and President Donald Trump listen to the singing of the national anthem by Jackie Evancho during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017. Associated Press Wednesday, April 19, 2017 | 6:38 p.m. CARACAS, Venezuela — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Most Popular Viewed Trending UNLV target Amauri Hardy on fast track to college decision Solar industry ‘booming’ as area’s latest project is dedicated near Boulder City EPA directed to evaluate moving its Las Vegas laboratory to Alabama Lease: No rent for Raiders at Las Vegas stadium Laura Bush, in Las Vegas, recounts how her role as first lady changed after 9/11 Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Hans Zimmer: Composer steps from behind the screen Concerts: Snoop Dogg at Mandalay Bay Beach Dining: Zuma elevates the izakaya at Cosmo Featured Galleries NAMA Show at Venetian SunPower Boulder Solar 1 Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto Town Hall Meeting More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 21 Fri 22 Sat 23 Sun 24 Mon 25 Tue Happier Hour at Elements Kitchen & Martini Bar Elements Kitchen and Martini Bar Loveshack Fremont Street Experience Nashville Unplugged Club Madrid at Sunset Station All events on Friday » Recycled Percussion Saxe Theater Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre V Theater inside Miracle Mile Shops Fremont Street Experience Fremont Street Experience All events on Saturday » Ride the Southern Nevada Railway Nevada Southern Railway Toast of the Town Sam's Town Salsa Sundays Tuscany Suites & Casino All events on Sunday » Question of the Day Malcolm Library Bayside & Say Anything Vinyl | 7:30 p.m. to 11 p.m. The Black Box Soul Sessions The Artisan Hotel All events on Monday » Story Time Barnes & Noble Stephanie Street Happy Hour at Rojo Lounge at Palms Place Palms Place Hotel & Spa Recycled Percussion Saxe Theater All events on Tuesday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments1 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Europe Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro’s administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (Carolyn Kaster, File/Associated Press) By Associated Press By Associated Press April 19 CARACAS, Venezuela — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. “Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community,” the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world’s largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation’s oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. “We are extremely concerned that Rosneft’s control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security,” six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. world europe Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world europe Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 1 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 1 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 One dead, two wounded as Paris police come under fire on Champs-Elysee 2 Russia just effectively banned Jehovah’s Witnesses from the country 3 Justice Dept. debating charges against WikiLeaks members in revelations of diplomatic, CIA materials 4 Analysis Satellite images suggest North Koreans were playing volleyball at their nuclear test site last weekend 5 AP Explains: How Trump’s ‘Buy American’ order could play out The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game world europe Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 70° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 70° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. Carolyn Kaster, File AP Photo National Business April 19, 2017 8:30 PM Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story CARACAS, Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:18 3 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.21 1:53 8 hours ago Wesley Bryan talks RBC Heritage win (video) View More Video National Business The Latest: Supreme Court lets Arkansas execution proceed The Latest: US, Indonesia companies sign investment deals The Latest: Withey lawyer denies domestic abuse charges Asian stocks advance after US markets rally State police warn of computer virus scam National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Honda says U.S. driver seriously injured in Takata inflator rupture Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia Business Standard AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses Reuters  April 20, 2017 Last Updated at 04:25 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV16fg ALSO READ AmEx profit tops estimates as card members spend more Board of Chokhani Global Express to approve September quarter results Blue Dart Express to announce Q3 results Board of TCI Express to consider Q3 results and interim dividend Trump tells Americans to "buy American and hire American" By Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba (Reuters) - American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. AmEx's shares rose 2.5 percent after the bell on Wednesday as the results and guidance indicated the company was starting to mitigate some of the impact of losing key partnerships last year, especially one with Costco Wholesale Corp . Some of that impact was also blunted by AmEx spending heavily on marketing as well as on premium rewards to retain existing customers and woo new ones. The company, which has long catered to affluent customers, last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . However, AmEx is curbing costs in other areas to bolster margins and said it was on track to remove $1 billion from its expenses this year and was "very confident" of meeting its full-year profit forecast of $5.60-$5.80 per share. "As we move through 2017, we expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost-reduction initiatives and the seasonality of revenue," Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Campbell said on a call with analysts. Campbell has said in mid-January, after AmEx's fourth-quarter results, that earnings and revenue would be "uneven" in 2017. AmEx said first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders fell 13 percent to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, from a year earlier, which included some now discontinued partnerships. Analysts on average were expecting $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. KBW analyst Sanjay Sakhrani said AmEx did reasonably well, excluding Costco, and noted the company's growth had accelerated last year and continued in the latest quarter. "The company has had to spend more to generate the types of growth ... and now we see them starting to pull back on the expenses, but still put up accelerated growth and I think that is what is encouraging," Sakhrani said. AmEx said it also benefited from higher net card fees and loan growth in the quarter. Card member spending increased 8 percent, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the loss of the Costco partnership, while net card fees rose 7 percent. Loans grew 11 percent, with more than half of the growth in U.S. consumer loans coming from existing customers. AmEx added 1.7 million new cards across its U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million worldwide in the quarter, slightly higher than the additions in the fourth quarter. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On American | Express | Results | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses (Reuters) - American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. By Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba (Reuters) - American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. AmEx's shares rose 2.5 percent after the bell on Wednesday as the results and guidance indicated the company was starting to mitigate some of the impact of losing key partnerships last year, especially one with Costco Wholesale Corp . Some of that impact was also blunted by AmEx spending heavily on marketing as well as on premium rewards to retain existing customers and woo new ones. The company, which has long catered to affluent customers, last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . However, AmEx is curbing costs in other areas to bolster margins and said it was on track to remove $1 billion from its expenses this year and was "very confident" of meeting its full-year profit forecast of $5.60-$5.80 per share. "As we move through 2017, we expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost-reduction initiatives and the seasonality of revenue," Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Campbell said on a call with analysts. Campbell has said in mid-January, after AmEx's fourth-quarter results, that earnings and revenue would be "uneven" in 2017. AmEx said first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders fell 13 percent to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, from a year earlier, which included some now discontinued partnerships. Analysts on average were expecting $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. KBW analyst Sanjay Sakhrani said AmEx did reasonably well, excluding Costco, and noted the company's growth had accelerated last year and continued in the latest quarter. "The company has had to spend more to generate the types of growth ... and now we see them starting to pull back on the expenses, but still put up accelerated growth and I think that is what is encouraging," Sakhrani said. AmEx said it also benefited from higher net card fees and loan growth in the quarter. Card member spending increased 8 percent, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the loss of the Costco partnership, while net card fees rose 7 percent. Loans grew 11 percent, with more than half of the growth in U.S. consumer loans coming from existing customers. AmEx added 1.7 million new cards across its U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million worldwide in the quarter, slightly higher than the additions in the fourth quarter. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 AmEx profit beats as higher spending blunts partnership losses By Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba (Reuters) - American Express Co's first-quarter profit fell less than expected as its card members spent more and the company expressed more confidence over its full-year results, amid fierce competition in the industry. AmEx's shares rose 2.5 percent after the bell on Wednesday as the results and guidance indicated the company was starting to mitigate some of the impact of losing key partnerships last year, especially one with Costco Wholesale Corp . Some of that impact was also blunted by AmEx spending heavily on marketing as well as on premium rewards to retain existing customers and woo new ones. The company, which has long catered to affluent customers, last month fattened up rewards on its Platinum charge cards to fortify its high-end market against JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc . However, AmEx is curbing costs in other areas to bolster margins and said it was on track to remove $1 billion from its expenses this year and was "very confident" of meeting its full-year profit forecast of $5.60-$5.80 per share. "As we move through 2017, we expect net income and EPS to grow due to the benefits from our cost-reduction initiatives and the seasonality of revenue," Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey Campbell said on a call with analysts. Campbell has said in mid-January, after AmEx's fourth-quarter results, that earnings and revenue would be "uneven" in 2017. AmEx said first-quarter net income attributable to shareholders fell 13 percent to $1.21 billion, or $1.34 per share, from a year earlier, which included some now discontinued partnerships. Analysts on average were expecting $1.28 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. KBW analyst Sanjay Sakhrani said AmEx did reasonably well, excluding Costco, and noted the company's growth had accelerated last year and continued in the latest quarter. "The company has had to spend more to generate the types of growth ... and now we see them starting to pull back on the expenses, but still put up accelerated growth and I think that is what is encouraging," Sakhrani said. AmEx said it also benefited from higher net card fees and loan growth in the quarter. Card member spending increased 8 percent, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the loss of the Costco partnership, while net card fees rose 7 percent. Loans grew 11 percent, with more than half of the growth in U.S. consumer loans coming from existing customers. AmEx added 1.7 million new cards across its U.S. issuing businesses and 2.6 million worldwide in the quarter, slightly higher than the additions in the fourth quarter. (Reporting by Pallavi Dewan and Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email Newsletters Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Showers possible early. Tonight Rain showers this evening with clearing overnight. Low 38F. Winds W at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: April 20, 2017 @ 8:10 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) AP Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration Apr 19, 2017 Updated Apr 19, 2017 Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags News Wire Business General News Executive Branch Corporate Giving Philanthropy Social Affairs Corporate News 2017 United States Presidential Inauguration United States Presidential Inauguration Inaugurations Government And Politics Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Recommended View More Deals & Offers LawnWorks specializes in landscape design and hardscape services. Our hardscape services include paver patios and brick fireplaces. Call us today at 406-207-6183! In need of a new roof this spring? Call Big Sky Windows & Siding for a free estimate on your brand new roof. Call 406-251-6559 © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Asian stocks recoup losses in cautious trade; oil supports RBI to keep rates steady over the next 18 months: Reuters poll Business Standard Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia Reuters  |  HONG KONG  April 20, 2017 Last Updated at 11:29 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV16fh ALSO READ Exclusive - UBS slashing nearly two dozen jobs in Asia to cut costs -sources Investors wary of more losses as battered Asia stocks, bonds steady - for now Asia's wealth industry booting out clients in costly clean-up Planned rules to shake up Asia wealth managers' fee-sharing business By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focussed more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Asia | Transactionbanking | Hong Kong | Transaction | Banking | Cash | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focussed more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Back to basics: global investment banks beef up transaction business in Asia By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - With dealmaking in Asia sluggish and Chinese investment banks taking market share from global rivals, some foreign banks are ploughing resources into transaction banking, the workaday business of financing trade, managing cash and facilitating payments. At a time of growing intra-regional trade in Asia, the largest trading region in the world, and expansion of supply-chain networks beyond China, transaction banking promises to offset slowing revenues elsewhere. While existing transaction banking powerhouses including Citigroup and HSBC are expanding sales and reach, firms who have traditionally focussed more on investment banking, such as JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank, are also bulking up. In its inaugural transaction banking league table, industry analytics firm Coalition this week ranked HSBC and JPMorgan as the two strongest performers in 2016 in Asia, based on revenue, versus a year earlier. "Across the board, we do see most of the traditional investment banks are investing in transaction banking," Eric Li, London-based research and analytics director at Coalition, told Reuters. "They realise the investment banking pool is more volatile, and secondly there is very limited room to further improve," he said, adding the top 12 foreign banks' revenue concentration in investment banking was already above 60 percent. In contrast, these banks account for just 15 percent of the market for cash management in the region, Li said. As a result, the banks are gearing up to tap a likely pick-up in trade and using their investment banking platforms as a lever to pick up more transaction business, which consumes less capital and delivers more stable returns. "We contribute in terms of relationship, we contribute in terms of funding, and we contribute in terms of a steady source of business," said Lisa Robins, Asia Pacific head of global transaction banking at Deutsche Bank. "I won't say (it) doesn't use capital, because we do use capital, but it's a relatively efficient business." Robins declined to give a business forecast, but the bank said in May last year that within transaction banking, the share of revenue coming from Asia could rise to a quarter in the coming years from 18 percent. BOOSTING HEADCOUNT While 2016 saw many foreign banks cutting investment banking headcount in Asia to cope with sluggish deals activity, staff additions for the transaction banking business was strong, headhunters and some bankers said. This year, global banks' headcount for transaction banking in Asia could rise 5 percent, while investment banking is likely to be flat or fall 5 percent, said John Mullally, director of financial services at headhunter Robert Walters. JPMorgan, for instance, has added more people both on the sales side and the product side in transaction banking in Asia, helping it expand its share, said Muhammad Aurangzeb, head of its Asia Pacific corporate banking. Banks such as Deutsche and JPMorgan are also increasingly using their investment banking clout to win more bread-and-butter trade finance and cash management services to develop their client relationships. "We are saying (to investment banking clients) we want to go wider and deeper with you," said Aurangzeb. "We don't want to just do an M&A trade, or your IPO or your block trade and forget about it till we meet again in a year and a half's time." They will nevertheless face stiff competition to win market share from global rivals such as Citigroup and HSBC that have much bigger balance sheets and banking networks in the region. HSBC, for example, is looking to add around 500 new staff in commercial banking, which includes transaction banking, in Asia Pacific this year, to capitalise on initiatives such as China's "One Belt, One Road" project, which aims to develop trade and connectivity with the rest of Eurasia. "Economic weight is shifting to Asian and Middle Eastern economies which are expected to grow their GDP threefold between now and 2050," said Ajay Sharma, HSBC's regional head of global trade and receivables finance in Asia Pacific. "That's the sweet spot for our customers and our global footprint." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Will Waterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 59-89 We set you thinking Friday 21 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Oil edges up but still set for biggest weekly drop in a month 1492757897 World South Korea on heightened alert as isolated North readies for army celebration 1492757523 World French police hunting second suspect after Paris attack: official 1492757391 Business Trump targets cheap Chinese steel in probe, rallying U.S. steel stocks 1492741266 China&India Chinese drunk driver eats grass to ‘sober up’ for breath test 1492755360 Business Elon Musk on mission to link human brains with computers in four years: report 1492750140 World German police arrest suspect in Borussia Dortmund bus attack 1492754580 China&India 70-year-old Chinese woman poses in Minnie Mouse get-up to pay family bills 1492653360 World Ocean drift analysis shows MH370 most likely in new search area: Australian scientists 1492752840 China&India Chinese villagers cut down live endangered tree to make coffin 1492659360 China&India Smoking hot: Chinese barber an Internet hit giving perms with fire-heated tongs 1492752060 Business U.S. and Indonesia seek to cut trade and investment barriers 1492753587 Business High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS 1492751291 World Japan lawmakers' group visits Yasukuni shrine for war dead 1492749315 World Ahok’s defeat highlights twin threats facing Jokowi 1492718520 Lifestyle Kia Cerato K3: The car with the power 1492718520 World In Malaysia, Islamic spiritual healing seeks scientific recognition 1492745460 Singapore Tiong Bahru FC: A modest clubhouse, but it raked in S$36m last year 1492704600 Lifestyle After 94 years, it’s goodbye for Penang’s famous Swatow Lane Ice Kacang 1492691160 World Philippine fishermen accuse China of firing on vessel 1492748210 China&India Hong Kong’s MTR to ease rules on swearing and filming (but eating on trains still forbidden) 1492747860 Singapore Singapore firms take nearly 4 years to promote workers: Survey 1492700400 Business Aviation industry to create or redesign up to 8,000 new jobs 1492718520 World Pence says U.S. will not relent in effort to end terrorism 1492746626 World Islamic State claims Paris shooting, one policeman killed 1492734070 Singapore Hazy conditions return as 24-hour PSI readings edge towards unhealthy range 1492730280 Business South Korea needs to consider a complaint to WTO over U.S. protectionism: steel industry source 1492746498 Singapore NTU prof admits to stealing S$450 worth of goods from petrol kiosks 1492700880 Singapore Monkey on the loose at Segar Road eludes AVA's efforts to catch it 1492691700 Singapore 5 City Harvest Church leaders surrender, begin jail terms 1492736880 Voices S’pore must draw strength from being part of Asean 1492745810 Business Asian stocks climb, euro surrenders gains as French election jitters return 1492744641 China&India Hong Kong airport authority fined HK$120,000 for air bridge collapse that ripped off Cathay Pacific plane door 1492743660 Business Australian court dismisses Chevron appeal in landmark tax case 1492743816 World Egyptian-American woman freed in Egypt goes home on U.S. military plane 1492743660 World Le Pen loses ground to Macron in French election race: poll 1492742147 Business China steel shares mostly up after Trump launches probe 1492741855 Business U.S. steel shares jump as Trump orders probe of imports 1492741266 Business Trump to order U.S. Treasury to delve into taxes, post-crisis reforms 1492739841 World Attack puts Paris on alert as election nears 1492729560 World Battle zone scenes at Paris Champs Elysees after drive-up police killing 1492730280 China&India Busy harvest time in China’s bamboo forests 1492738616 Lifestyle Bugs for dinner? New Aussie food trend has legs (and wings) 1492738610 Singapore Kong Hee apologises for ‘unwise decisions’, says ‘at peace’ with jail term 1492613340 Business Lufthansa, Air France departures briefly hit by computer outage 1492737197 Business BOJ governor Kuroda warns against policies unwinding free trade 1492736773 Business Trump administration, world financial officials clash over trade 1492727681 Commentary Malaysia has no fear of the facts: Najib 1492718520 Singapore Media gathers from morning as raids at FAS, football clubs continue into the night 1492718520 Singapore FAS election ‘to go on despite raids’ 1492718520 Business High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS A Wells Fargo logo is seen in New York City. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:15 PM, April 21, 2017 BOSTON - A high-stakes shareholder vote at Wells Fargo & Co <WFC.N> next week will determine whether the bank has done enough to retain investor confidence after its phony-account scandal, and whether a leading proxy adviser wields enough clout to help oust most of its board. In one of its toughest shareholder notes, Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) recommended earlier this month that investors vote against 12 of the 15 directors on Wells Fargo's ballot at the company's annual meeting on April 25, including independent chairman Stephen Sanger. ISS argued they had all failed in their oversight duties. The recommendation was another blow to the country's third-largest bank, which has been struggling for months to move past revelations that thousands of employees created as many as 2 million accounts in customers' names without permission to hit lofty sales targets. ISS's recommendation followed one by Glass Lewis, its closest competitor, which recommended votes against six directors for similar reasons. The ball is now in the shareholders' court. A sampling of investors who spoke to Reuters were split on how to vote. It would be extremely unusual for most directors at a company the size of Wells Fargo to turn over suddenly, without pressure from an activist investor, but ISS's scathing review was also rare. According to Proxy Insight, among the 2,780 meetings held by S&P 500 companies since 2012, ISS has recommended votes against 80 percent or more of directors in just seven cases besides Wells Fargo. Each involved a special circumstance, like only a few directors being up for re-election. ISS's Wells Fargo recommendation was "among the harshest that I can recall," said Bruce Goldfarb, president of proxy solicitation firm Okapi Partners. An ISS spokesman declined to comment. Wells Fargo representatives cited an April 7 statement calling the ISS recommendation "extreme and unprecedented." ISS is the largest proxy adviser, with about 1,700 clients versus Glass Lewis's 1,200, and has faced concerns it wields undue influence over corporate elections. On average, directors who ISS recommends "against" receive 17 percent to 18 percent less support, according to consulting firm Semler Brossy. Activists have criticized big fund managers for blindly following ISS. Institutional investors have built up large corporate governance departments in recent years and say they make their own judgments. But breaking with ISS and supporting the whole Wells Fargo board could be difficult for fund firms, said Michael Goldstein, a Babson College finance professor. "This may be one of those cases where you don't want to have to answer a lot of questions about why did you support these people," Goldstein said. DONE ENOUGH? If shareholders do vote against some of Wells Fargo's directors, it does not mean they will immediately leave. The bank's guidelines require directors offer to resign if they fail to receive a majority of votes cast, but leaves the board wiggle room in deciding whether to accept a resignation. In other cases with fewer directors at risk, shareholder sentiment mattered. Some of JPMorgan Chase & Co's <JPM.N> directors resigned in 2013 when they won only narrow majorities after the "London Whale" trading scandal. Directors who fail to win majorities are in an even weaker position buy may not leave right away. For instance, two Chesapeake Energy Corp <CHK.N> directors received less than 30 percent support at its annual meeting in mid-2012 and offered to resign. The board accepted the resignation of one director two weeks later and did not accept the resignation of the other until the following March. Wells Fargo's board and management have said the steps taken to fix problems and punish employees responsible for sales abuses show there is now strong oversight, and that directors nominated deserve to be elected. In an interview with Bloomberg TV on Wednesday, Wells Fargo Chief Executive Tim Sloan said ousting most of the board would be "crazy." The San Francisco-based bank paid $190 million in a September regulatory settlement for the unauthorized accounts, igniting a public firestorm that hammered its shares and led to the resignation of then-Chairman and CEO John Stumpf. Since then, Sloan replaced Stumpf, and Sanger became the independent chairman. The board took steps like eliminating sales goals, revamping its compensation structure and withholding or clawing back tens of millions of dollars of bonuses. Shareholders interviewed in recent days voiced a range of views about whether Wells Fargo's board needs an overhaul. Top investor Berkshire Hathaway Inc <BRKa.N> has already voted in favor of the board. Other big shareholders, including State Street Corp <STT.N> and Vanguard Group declined to comment or did not respond to questions. Rhode Island Treasurer Seth Magaziner, who oversees funds that own Wells Fargo shares, said they will vote against directors flagged by ISS. "Directors are meant to be agents for the shareholders, and watchdogs for the investors," he said. "Clearly that level of oversight was lacking at Wells Fargo." Others were supportive. Gideon Bernstein, partner at wealth management firm Leisure Capital, said he plans to back the board. He was impressed with the bank's April 10 report describing what went wrong, and actions taken in response. "The board has done a really good job drilling down," he said. Thomas Russo, managing member at Gardner, Russo & Gardner, said he has not yet decided how to vote. He wants to see a smaller board with more banking experience. "There's an elevated sense of urgency in a smaller board and a board that has more specific knowledge," he said. Executives at American Century Investments also have not yet decided. Senior investment analyst Adam Krenn said the bank's oversight and initial response was lacking. But portfolio manager Michael Liss praised the eventual response. "Even though they were late in reacting, they certainly came down strong," he said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22 percent World Bank's Kim says Trump likes lender's private capital plans White House's Cohn says 'fair trade' means reciprocal tariffs Western Digital would consider Japan partners for Toshiba chip unit bid Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh Wells Fargo's banking agreement with Nevada extended Wells Fargo tests Facebook chatbot Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks Inside Today World Chinese drunk driver eats grass to ‘sober up’ for breath test German police arrest suspect in Borussia Dortmund bus attack Ocean drift analysis shows MH370 most likely in new search area: Australian scientists Japan lawmakers' group visits Yasukuni shrine for war dead Philippine fishermen accuse China of firing on vessel Business U.S. and Indonesia seek to cut trade and investment barriers High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS Elon Musk on mission to link human brains with computers in four years: report South Korea needs to consider a complaint to WTO over U.S. protectionism: steel industry source Oil prices set for biggest weekly drop in a month Sports VR in sports can offer a richer experience for fans and firms Media gathers from morning as raids at FAS, football clubs continue into the night FAS election ‘to go on despite raids’ High drama as police raid FAS office, 3 football clubs Tiong Bahru FC: A modest clubhouse, but it raked in S$36m last year Entertainment Animator wants success story to inspire others Criminal Minds misrepresents S'pore: Why can’t Hollywood ever get Asia right? Who is the new Mrs Aaron Kwok? All about Moka Fang, model and actress who’s the bride of Canto-pop star Sifa 2017 to feature Korean opera, ‘intimate’ stories from homeowners Singapore Heritage Fest to share stories of S’pore’s TV history About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 37° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS Friday, April 21, 2017 12:08 a.m. CDT A Wells Fargo logo is seen in New York City, U.S. January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith By Ross Kerber and Dan Freed BOSTON (Reuters) - A high-stakes shareholder vote at Wells Fargo & Co next week will determine whether the bank has done enough to retain investor confidence after its phony-account scandal, and whether a leading proxy adviser wields enough clout to help oust most of its board. In one of its toughest shareholder notes, Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) recommended earlier this month that investors vote against 12 of the 15 directors on Wells Fargo's ballot at the company's annual meeting on April 25, including independent chairman Stephen Sanger. ISS argued they had all failed in their oversight duties. The recommendation was another blow to the country's third-largest bank, which has been struggling for months to move past revelations that thousands of employees created as many as 2 million accounts in customers' names without permission to hit lofty sales targets. ISS's recommendation followed one by Glass Lewis, its closest competitor, which recommended votes against six directors for similar reasons. The ball is now in the shareholders' court. A sampling of investors who spoke to Reuters were split on how to vote. It would be extremely unusual for most directors at a company the size of Wells Fargo to turn over suddenly, without pressure from an activist investor, but ISS's scathing review was also rare. According to Proxy Insight, among the 2,780 meetings held by S&P 500 companies since 2012, ISS has recommended votes against 80 percent or more of directors in just seven cases besides Wells Fargo. Each involved a special circumstance, like only a few directors being up for re-election. ISS's Wells Fargo recommendation was "among the harshest that I can recall," said Bruce Goldfarb, president of proxy solicitation firm Okapi Partners. An ISS spokesman declined to comment. Wells Fargo representatives cited an April 7 statement calling the ISS recommendation "extreme and unprecedented." ISS is the largest proxy adviser, with about 1,700 clients versus Glass Lewis's 1,200, and has faced concerns it wields undue influence over corporate elections. On average, directors who ISS recommends "against" receive 17 percent to 18 percent less support, according to consulting firm Semler Brossy. Activists have criticized big fund managers for blindly following ISS. Institutional investors have built up large corporate governance departments in recent years and say they make their own judgments. But breaking with ISS and supporting the whole Wells Fargo board could be difficult for fund firms, said Michael Goldstein, a Babson College finance professor. "This may be one of those cases where you don't want to have to answer a lot of questions about why did you support these people," Goldstein said. DONE ENOUGH? If shareholders do vote against some of Wells Fargo's directors, it does not mean they will immediately leave. The bank's guidelines require directors offer to resign if they fail to receive a majority of votes cast, but leaves the board wiggle room in deciding whether to accept a resignation. In other cases with fewer directors at risk, shareholder sentiment mattered. Some of JPMorgan Chase & Co's directors resigned in 2013 when they won only narrow majorities after the "London Whale" trading scandal. Directors who fail to win majorities are in an even weaker position buy may not leave right away. For instance, two Chesapeake Energy Corp directors received less than 30 percent support at its annual meeting in mid-2012 and offered to resign. The board accepted the resignation of one director two weeks later and did not accept the resignation of the other until the following March. Wells Fargo's board and management have said the steps taken to fix problems and punish employees responsible for sales abuses show there is now strong oversight, and that directors nominated deserve to be elected. In an interview with Bloomberg TV on Wednesday, Wells Fargo Chief Executive Tim Sloan said ousting most of the board would be "crazy." The San Francisco-based bank paid $190 million in a September regulatory settlement for the unauthorized accounts, igniting a public firestorm that hammered its shares and led to the resignation of then-Chairman and CEO John Stumpf. Since then, Sloan replaced Stumpf, and Sanger became the independent chairman. The board took steps like eliminating sales goals, revamping its compensation structure and withholding or clawing back tens of millions of dollars of bonuses. Shareholders interviewed in recent days voiced a range of views about whether Wells Fargo's board needs an overhaul. Top investor Berkshire Hathaway Inc has already voted in favor of the board. Other big shareholders, including State Street Corp and Vanguard Group declined to comment or did not respond to questions. Rhode Island Treasurer Seth Magaziner, who oversees funds that own Wells Fargo shares, said they will vote against directors flagged by ISS. "Directors are meant to be agents for the shareholders, and watchdogs for the investors," he said. "Clearly that level of oversight was lacking at Wells Fargo." Others were supportive. Gideon Bernstein, partner at wealth management firm Leisure Capital, said he plans to back the board. He was impressed with the bank's April 10 report describing what went wrong, and actions taken in response. "The board has done a really good job drilling down," he said. Thomas Russo, managing member at Gardner, Russo & Gardner, said he has not yet decided how to vote. He wants to see a smaller board with more banking experience. "There's an elevated sense of urgency in a smaller board and a board that has more specific knowledge," he said. Executives at American Century Investments also have not yet decided. Senior investment analyst Adam Krenn said the bank's oversight and initial response was lacking. But portfolio manager Michael Liss praised the eventual response. "Even though they were late in reacting, they certainly came down strong," he said. (Reporting by Ross Kerber in Boston and Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Meredith Mazzilli) Comments Top Stories March Unemployment Rate At 3.8 Percent In Minnesota Thursday, April 20 Spirit Mountain Long Term Plan Meeting Thursday, April 20 UMD To Conduct Campus Trash Audit Thursday, April 20 Tornado Drills In Minnesota And Wisconsin Thursday Thursday, April 20 Annual Blessing Of The Port Ceremony Thursday Thursday, April 20 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 39327 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS By Reuters Published: 01:04 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 01:04 EDT, 21 April 2017 e-mail By Ross Kerber and Dan Freed BOSTON, April 21 (Reuters) - A high-stakes shareholder vote at Wells Fargo &amp; Co next week will determine whether the bank has done enough to retain investor confidence after its phony-account scandal, and whether a leading proxy adviser wields enough clout to help oust most of its board. In one of its toughest shareholder notes, Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) recommended earlier this month that investors vote against 12 of the 15 directors on Wells Fargo's ballot at the company's annual meeting on April 25, including independent chairman Stephen Sanger. ISS argued they had all failed in their oversight duties. The recommendation was another blow to the country's third-largest bank, which has been struggling for months to move past revelations that thousands of employees created as many as 2 million accounts in customers' names without permission to hit lofty sales targets. ISS's recommendation followed one by Glass Lewis, its closest competitor, which recommended votes against six directors for similar reasons. The ball is now in the shareholders' court. A sampling of investors who spoke to Reuters were split on how to vote. It would be extremely unusual for most directors at a company the size of Wells Fargo to turn over suddenly, without pressure from an activist investor, but ISS's scathing review was also rare. According to Proxy Insight, among the 2,780 meetings held by S&amp;P 500 companies since 2012, ISS has recommended votes against 80 percent or more of directors in just seven cases besides Wells Fargo. Each involved a special circumstance, like only a few directors being up for re-election. ISS's Wells Fargo recommendation was "among the harshest that I can recall," said Bruce Goldfarb, president of proxy solicitation firm Okapi Partners. An ISS spokesman declined to comment. Wells Fargo representatives cited an April 7 statement calling the ISS recommendation "extreme and unprecedented." ISS is the largest proxy adviser, with about 1,700 clients versus Glass Lewis's 1,200, and has faced concerns it wields undue influence over corporate elections. On average, directors who ISS recommends "against" receive 17 percent to 18 percent less support, according to consulting firm Semler Brossy. Activists have criticized big fund managers for blindly following ISS. Institutional investors have built up large corporate governance departments in recent years and say they make their own judgments. But breaking with ISS and supporting the whole Wells Fargo board could be difficult for fund firms, said Michael Goldstein, a Babson College finance professor. "This may be one of those cases where you don't want to have to answer a lot of questions about why did you support these people," Goldstein said. DONE ENOUGH? If shareholders do vote against some of Wells Fargo's directors, it does not mean they will immediately leave. The bank's guidelines require directors offer to resign if they fail to receive a majority of votes cast, but leaves the board wiggle room in deciding whether to accept a resignation. In other cases with fewer directors at risk, shareholder sentiment mattered. Some of JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co's directors resigned in 2013 when they won only narrow majorities after the "London Whale" trading scandal. Directors who fail to win majorities are in an even weaker position buy may not leave right away. For instance, two Chesapeake Energy Corp directors received less than 30 percent support at its annual meeting in mid-2012 and offered to resign. The board accepted the resignation of one director two weeks later and did not accept the resignation of the other until the following March. Wells Fargo's board and management have said the steps taken to fix problems and punish employees responsible for sales abuses show there is now strong oversight, and that directors nominated deserve to be elected. In an interview with Bloomberg TV on Wednesday, Wells Fargo Chief Executive Tim Sloan said ousting most of the board would be "crazy." The San Francisco-based bank paid $190 million in a September regulatory settlement for the unauthorized accounts, igniting a public firestorm that hammered its shares and led to the resignation of then-Chairman and CEO John Stumpf. Since then, Sloan replaced Stumpf, and Sanger became the independent chairman. The board took steps like eliminating sales goals, revamping its compensation structure and withholding or clawing back tens of millions of dollars of bonuses. Shareholders interviewed in recent days voiced a range of views about whether Wells Fargo's board needs an overhaul. Top investor Berkshire Hathaway Inc has already voted in favor of the board. Other big shareholders, including State Street Corp and Vanguard Group declined to comment or did not respond to questions. Rhode Island Treasurer Seth Magaziner, who oversees funds that own Wells Fargo shares, said they will vote against directors flagged by ISS. "Directors are meant to be agents for the shareholders, and watchdogs for the investors," he said. "Clearly that level of oversight was lacking at Wells Fargo." Others were supportive. Gideon Bernstein, partner at wealth management firm Leisure Capital, said he plans to back the board. He was impressed with the bank's April 10 report describing what went wrong, and actions taken in response. "The board has done a really good job drilling down," he said. Thomas Russo, managing member at Gardner, Russo &amp; Gardner, said he has not yet decided how to vote. He wants to see a smaller board with more banking experience. "There's an elevated sense of urgency in a smaller board and a board that has more specific knowledge," he said. Executives at American Century Investments also have not yet decided. Senior investment analyst Adam Krenn said the bank's oversight and initial response was lacking. But portfolio manager Michael Liss praised the eventual response. "Even though they were late in reacting, they certainly came down strong," he said. (Reporting by Ross Kerber in Boston and Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Meredith Mazzilli) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS All things Wright and beautiful: TOWIE's Kate is pictured for the first time with Rio Ferdinand as it emerges she has QUIT reality show  They have been linked since January  Well, that's one way to get our attention! Lindsay Lohan slips into fuzzy pink BIKINI as she poses for Italian magazine Eye-popping in pink  Not exactly virginal! Kim Kardashian wears sheer minidress with Virgin Mary on chest for photoshoot...after being slammed for religious-inspired Kimoji Showing off that weight loss! Kim Kardashian writhes around in skimpy silver bikini for racy Snapchat video...after bragging about 'flu diet' Smiling Mel B join daughter Madison as ex Stephen Belafonte files new legal documents requesting equal access to their children claiming 'my kids miss me' 'Not pregnant, just bloated!': Eva Longoria gets into a bikini to deny she's having a baby after unflattering snap sparks rumors  Leggy day out! Khloe Kardashian stuns in silky blazer inspired mini dress with thigh-high boots and red Givenchy purse while leaving photo shoot Flog it like Brand Beckham! David and Brooklyn shamelessly plug their products as they celebrate Victoria's OBE at a swanky restaurant Caitlyn Jenner reveals she used to wear 'panties and a bra' under her business suits when she was still Bruce in new book The Secrets of My Life 'We know you're a junkie and lying to us': Davina McCall reveals the moment she decided to tackle drug addiction following her final friend's ultimatum Something to hide? Kim Zolciak looks sheepish as she conceals her VERY swollen lips at LAX Her lips looked very sore and swollen   'Bite me... but don't touch!': MIC's Louise Thompson goes TOPLESS while wearing nothing but a pair of slogan jeans for very racy Instagram snap Golden girl! Adriana Lima smoulders in shimmering wraparound ensemble that shows off her model figure in NYC Put her taut tummy and long legs on display 'I feel very comfortable with my body!' Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 40, poses TOPLESS in raunchy cover shoot for Spanish Elle magazine  Lauren Goodger displays her curves in a form-fitting black T-shirt with ribbed leggings... after vowing to work on regaining her 'fitness bod' Hailey Baldwin shares selfie in black sports bra showing large red telltale cupping circles on middle back Beauty is pain, or so they say Letting her clothes do the talking! Kendall Jenner makes a statement in $710 political t-shirt after staying silent on Pepsi ad fiasco Bottoms up! Khloe Kardashian poses topless with a Victoria's Secret model and a Sport's Illustrated star to plug a new style from her jeans line Now that's not daytime viewing! Holly Willoughby and Kelly Brook lock lips during a game of Suck And Blow in sexy Celebrity Juice throwback clip 'Way ahead of this whole flower crown thing': Jessica Biel shares throwback snap from 7th Heaven as she makes fun of popular Coachella accessory EXCLUSIVE: Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalised' Woke up like this! Kylie Jenner the single girl puts on a busty display in sultry selfie after sharing an 'awkward' run-in with ex Tyga 'Couldn't handle drinking my own blood': Katy Perry spits out Unicorn Frappuccino and posts Guy Fieri lookalike snap as she celebrates 4/20 Amanda Seyfried flashes simple gold wedding ring while out with husband Thomas Sadoski in Los Angeles They eloped earlier this year 'Georgina's gonna carry first as I'm s**t with needles': X Factor star Lucy Spraggan reveals she's trying for a baby with wife... weeks after foster approval 'I'm like the sun': Ryan Phillippe fires witty comeback at fan who queries how he is 'so old and so hot' He's not QUITE as old as the sun just yet Rob Kardashian sparks suicide fears after social media meltdown following Blac Chyna split in latest KUWTK teaser Tressed to impress: Smiling supermodel Naomi Campbell shows off her luscious locks as she attends charity cocktail party in Paris Signing away  Life on a new season! The X-Files gets another 10-episode run set to air later this year The new episodes come after 2016's well-rated six-episode run  That's one way to liven things up! Elsa Pataky reveals she keeps a pet SNAKE in her and Chris Hemsworth's bedroom Lifted the lid on her hippy home life  Fashionista! Kate Bosworth defines style as she arrives at LAX in crisp cotton dress knotted at the hips Ever the elegant fashionista 'They love him to death': Harry Styles' mum praises 'absolutely brilliant' 1D star and his sister for looking after grandad with Parkinson's disease 'She would literally get me in front of the mirror and tell me how beautiful my chocolate skin was': Kelly Rowland says Tina Knowles helped her appreciate her beauty 'This is so disrespectful': Kim Kardashian transforms into the Virgin Mary for new Kimoji (but fans aren't happy) Sail on silver girl! Karolina Kurkova flaunts her cleavage as she sparkles in sequinned jumpsuit at NYC gala Exquisite All business! Rosamund Pike goes bra-less under tailored black jumpsuit with jacket-style bodice slashed to waist Pretty mother-of-two   'Everything she says is made up': Kris Jenner insists she did NOT know about Caitlyn's gender issues before they had sex in angry rant over memoir  EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated like a version of electrolysis': Caitlyn Jenner admits she sold herself out by being on KUWTK 'There's a certain Zen to it': Chris Pratt takes cover of Men's Fitness and reveals why he likes doing own stunts He's no Pratt   A helping Ha(n)did! Bella assists a tumbling photographer outside Dior mascara launch in London... after gushing over 'best friend' sister Gigi For a good cause! Lucy Hale highlights her legs in lacy black dress with red lips to host ASPCA's After Dark cocktail party Black and gold Cute couple in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick attend Broadway production of Hello, Dolly! In a hurry In bloom! Kelly Rowland flashes cleavage as she wows in emerald and white kimono at Beverly Hills luncheon Classically chic: Sofia Vergara wows in a simple style go-to as she heads to lunch in LBD Stepped out in the tight dress in Beverly Hills 'I'm not taking any drugs': Embattled Danniella Westbrook declares she feels 'strong and happy' in midst of recuperating Spanish rehab break His leading man! Bradley Cooper prepares to shoot action scene with even more handsome body double Double the handsomeness She's looking Marb-ellous! Pregnant Danielle Lloyd shows off her blossoming baby bump in neon green bikini on family holiday  Sheer beauty! Sara Sampaio flashes a hint of sideboob in black mini dress with see through cutout panel at LGBT benefit in NYC Supermodel looks Velvet crush! Jessica Hart cuts a stunning figure in crimson backless gown at New York ball Lent her beauty to a good cause  She said yes! West Wing alum Dulé Hill announces engagement to girlfriend Jazmyn Simon Congratulations are in order!  'Proud beyond words': Bindi Irwin, mother Terri and boyfriend Chandler Powell take sweet family selfie ahead of Robert's appearance on Jimmy Fallon Comedy dream team! Adam Sandler teams up with comic heavyweights Kevin James and James Corden in youth soccer dad battle sketch Sugar daddy! Flo Rida 'fumes at deadbeat dad court claims as he pays $5K per month to mother of sick son' He is being taken to court  Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father is found dead in his car of a suspected overdose at the age of 72  Bitter divorce: Mary J. Blige accuses ex of spending $420,000 on new girlfriend... while claiming it was business expenses The singer, 46, filed for divorce last year Matthew McConaughey channels his inner cowboy while wife Camila Alves stuns in black lace gown as he hosts children's charity in Texas I've got attention deficit disorder, admits Rory Bremner as he says medication has switched his brain 'from Radio 1 techno to Classic FM' 'It was bizarre and weird': Kurt Russell reveals he had sex with Goldie Hawn on their first date... and the police walked in on them Too much information? Life imitating art! Hilary Duff gets a little light reading in before playing a book publisher on Younger   Stepped out on the New York set  Mom-to-be Heidi Pratt shows off growing baby bump in pink sweater as she grabs brunch with husband Spencer The bumpy Hills Vicky Pattison silences claims she's ballooned to a 'size 14-16' as she shows off her trim figure in racy lace lingerie for sizzling mirror snap 'I love you!' Victoria Beckham dedicates gushing note to her husband David as she thanks him for his constant support after landing OBE Effortlessly chic! Rose Byrne flaunts her trim figure in an elegant black and white ensemble ahead of her late night TV appearance Leggy Cole: Smoking supermodel Lily flaunts her long pins in patterned orange dress as she takes to the stage at opening night of The Philanthropist 'Chillin' in Venice': Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her golden Coachella tan in very short floral playsuit as she heads to dinner in LA     Leggy blonde! Zoey Deutch showcases her enviable pins in thigh-grazing mini dress at premiere of Flower in NYC The 22-year-old looked stunning EXCLUSIVE: 'She has informed producers she may take an extended break': Kate Wright QUITS TOWIE... as her 'romance' with Rio Ferdinand heats up Ooh la la! Versailles courtiers go nude for VERY racy orgy scenes as series two of the controversial BBC drama kicks off Raunchier than ever She had it coming! Imogen Anthony bares her cleavage in a VERY skimpy top before accidentally flashing her breast during wild night out in LA Very Clancy! Leggy Abbey looks leggy in very sexy lace lingerie with extreme thigh-split...  just a day after VERY boozy night out husband Peter Crouch FIRST LOOK: Photos from Game Of Thrones season seven debut with Daenerys landing in Westeros to become Queen Of The Seven Kingdoms TOWIE's Chloe Meadows emerges days after attending club in midst of acid attack... as police hunt Ferne McCann's boyfriend in relation to incident Curves ahead! Blonde bombshell Amber Rose shows off her incredible curves in clingy dress at STD awareness event Knows how to work the red carpet to perfection Enjoying a little PDA: Loved-up Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell walk arm in arm during romantic stroll in New Orleans A vision of happiness  That's some baby bump! Ciara looks ready to pop as she shares unusual photo of her tummy while in tight black dress Hot mama! 'He was shocked': Hilary Duff splits with Matthew Koma after just three months Busy schedules were to blame  'He'll be very jealous!' Pregnant Binky Felstead exposes her bump as she anticipates pet pup's envy over baby girl while chilling with Louise Thompson  English rose! Rosamund Pike steps out in stylish dusky pink  dress and black platform heels in NYC 'I didn't like the way I was acting': Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals he quit drinking for the sake of their twins  Fifty shades of great! Yolanda Hadid is chic in all-grey outfit two days after getting 'caught' in daughter Gigi's jacket 'How you graciously get on your pool bird': Sofia Vergara struggles to mount her inflatable flamingo on Instagram Makeup-free Tess Daly is chic in a cream jacket with matching fedora as she and husband Vernon Kay return from 'heavenly' family getaway to Miami  'She will astonish us forever': Margot Robbie is honoured by The Wolf Of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese as she makes Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2017 list Mariah Carey rocks blue bomber at Beverly Wilshire Hotel... after her son Moroccan loses his first tooth Landmark moment for mummy  Angelic arrival! Priyanka Chopra is a vision in white at the jury welcome lunch for Tribeca Film Festival Kate Winslet looks sensational in a figure-hugging black gown as she joins fellow Oscar winners Julia Roberts and Penelope Cruz at exclusive Monaco party PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Baby got back(hand)! TOWIE's Megan McKenna flaunts her toned legs in tiny white skirt as she joins sexy pal Amber Turner for tennis match Get an Eiffel of this! Henry Cavill is unrecognisable as he sports a thick moustache while shooting Mission: Impossible 6 with Tom Cruise in Paris 'Strangers say beautiful things to me': Barry Manilow reveals he's 'thrilled' by fan reaction to his sexuality as he performs on morning show Earning her fashion stripes! Karolina Kurkova steps out in brightly colored duster as she runs errands in NYC John Legend praises Chrissy Teigen for being candid about postpartum depression... as he is featured on Time 100 cover 'I want to be a lesbian!' Jesy Nelson delightedly confirms single status as she gets VERY close to female friend on raucous night out in midst of messy Chris Clark split Pamper day! Kesha sips on a smoothie as she treats herself to a salon day in West Hollywood Living it up  'Nice and plump!' Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie shows off lips after getting pout done Out and a pout 'This girl's got pipes!': Paris Jackson bonds with Millie Bobby Brown on the set of new project... as they share Adele piano duet on Instagram Making it work (out): Jennifer Lopez uses $10k Hermes Birkin as her gym bag for sweat session with Alex Rodriguez Slender Frankie Essex wears white frilly top and spray-on jeans as she heads to film screening after losing an incredible two stone in weight  She looks Unforgettable! Bianca Gascoigne wears nude off-the-shoulder dress with daring split dress for erotic thriller screening Lily Collins reveals she had to undergo regular check-ups at the doctor to ensure she lost weight safely for movie role as an anorexic,  Doutzen Kroes displays her rippling abs in a series of very sexy bikinis as she rides a horse in the shallows of an idyllic beach in Cuba 'It melts my heart!' Delighted Jennifer Hudson proudly gushes over her son David, 7, singing Hallelujah Gets it from his mama! If looks could kilo! Slender Danielle Armstrong shows off her revenge body... after public spat with ex James Lock and his new girl Yazmin Oukhellou EXCLUSIVE: The naked truth! Caitlyn Jenner is planning to unveil her new body after gender reassignment surgery in a NUDE photo shoot  EXCLUSIVE 'Michelle is the most important thing in my life': Mark Wright blasts 'marriage troubles' and reveals how they keep long-distance love 'exciting'  Zoe Kravitz covers up her blonde buzz cut with chic brunette bob wig while filming Rough Night with Ilana Glazer TOWIE's James 'Arg' Argent looks slimmer and healthier after spending 10 weeks in rehab in Thailand  The only way is up BFFs forever! Taylor Swift pens heartwarming tribute to pal Ed Sheeran... as chart-topper and fellow Brits James Corden and Riz Ahmed make Time's 100 Most Influential list 'We all had struggles': Patsy Palmer looks back at her difficult adjustment to fame... as she compares herself to troubled former co-star Danniella Westbrook Rita Ora sets pulses racing as she poses for ANOTHER saucy snap in her bra... after flaunting nipple pasties in a sheer bodysuit at Coachella Pregnant Serena Williams shares snap from babymoon in Mexico and declares 'with great power comes great responsibility' Tennis return due 2018  B**** better have my luggage: Rihanna is laden with designer bags as she arrives in London wearing pink satin sliders  Gigi Hadid sets pulses racing in a blue lace bra teamed with unzipped denim shorts as she appears in steamy throwback magazine shot You only Liv once! Tyler stuns in flowing floral pyjama co-ord suit and scarlet heels as she shows off her favourite fashion pieces in Tokyo Here comes the second time bride: Hilaria Baldwin steps out with baby Leo in sweats after husband Alec Baldwin popped the question AGAIN Salma Hayek brings summer vibes to rainy New York in sunflower frock as she promotes How To Be A Latin Lover Taking the plunge! Kate Hudson shows off cleavage in low cut black bodysuit as she celebrates her 38th birthday Fifi Geldof sparks outrage among fans as she 'sells clothes from late mother Paula Yates' wardrobe online'... including £400 rabbit fur coat Homeland star Damian Lewis claims he is a 'minority actor' because he is privately educated and went to ETON 'The video that started it all': Iskra Lawrence flaunts her famous curves in skimpy briefs and crop top as she celebrates milestone Instagram achievement with sexy dance Feeling flirty! Jennifer Garner giggles while out early with her kids after it's revealed she's 'ready to start dating' post Ben Affleck divorce filing Busy Philipps smiles as she plucks a parking ticket off her windshield... after sharing embarrassing flashback photo from her childhood  Jessica Simpson suits up in slinky top and tuxedo jacket for New York outing with husband... amid rumors she's pitching a family reality show EXCLUSIVE 'To sit through it would be torture': Tamzin Outhwaite admits she won't watch Amanda Holden's show Stepping Out after she had to quit at the last minute due to a broken ankle 'No retouching': Ashley James shows off her incredible figure in sporty metallic bikini as she enjoys a drink during blissful Mexican holiday Giving him the cold shoulder! La La Anthony stuns on first night out as a single woman after leaving Carmelo Anthony over 'love child' Natural beauty! Make-up free Anne Hathaway enjoys treasured family day out with husband Adam Shulman and their son Jonathan, one, in New York Hunky actors Ryan Gosling and Justin Theroux lunch together in LA... and both leave with stack of records Two beautiful worlds colliding  She's got the magic tush! Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, flashes her VERY pert posterior as she takes advantage of her last days in the Maldives with Robin, 40 'I think about her all the time': Julia Roberts nearly breaks down in tears as she breaks silence about losing mother Betty to cancer two years ago Khloé Kardashian refuses to have her eyebrows threaded in fear of contracting a sexual disease 'The sh** women have to deal with...' It's a hard life! Kendall and Kylie Jenner reveal their childhood 'chore' was to get weekly MANICURES The hard life Bikini-clad Kady McDermott shows off her toned physique as she enjoys dip in the pool during Maldives getaway Awkward... Sofia Richie is chic in a floor-length kimono jacket as she steps out for lunch with mystery male friend after days of partying in Coachella 'I am embarrassed that I fell for him': Jodie Marsh says she made a huge mistake marrying ex James Placido as she insists she' doesn't need romance' Gigi Hadid's soon-to-be stepmom Shiva Safai reveals model and Zayn Malik have a 'great relationship' We are family 'I lost my Golden Globe!' Tracee Ross confesses to Ellen DeGeneres that she left her prestigious award for Black-ish in the bathroom 'Let's be honest nobody is looking at the mirror': Casey Batchelor puts on a VERY busty display as she sizzles in a racy scarlet red lingerie set Eddie Murphy's comedian brother Charlie Murphy laid to rest at funeral attended by Dave Chappelle, Cedric the Entertainer and George Lopez 'He asked me to marry him again today... I said yes!' Alec Baldwin gets down on one knee in the church where he wed wife Hilaria for a second romantic proposal Hey mama! Katherine Heigl shows off svelte post-baby bod in star print frock as she promotes thriller Unforgettable Lynda Bellingham's son BANS her third husband from his lavish New York wedding as their bitter feud over her estate rages on  Family dispute Swedish delight! Malin Akerman looks fetching in plunging mini dress as she talks not getting 'lost' in the 'power, money and fame' of Hollywood PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Blooming beautiful! Pregnant Chelsee Healey flaunts her burgeoning baby bump and VERY ample assets in a skimpy neon bikini Charlotte Crosby sparks engagement rumours with ring photo after gushing boyfriend Stephen Bear is 'the one' Did he ask nicely? Lottie Moss shows off her washboard abs in an off-shoulder crop top as she steps out in London after a wild weekend at Coachella Model body SPOILER ALERT: It's all kicking off! Peter Barlow, Nick Tilsley and Steve McDonald RUIN a family trip as an almighty fight breaks out in Coronation Street Lisa Appleton puts on a typically racy display as she slips down her red bikini top to reveal her ample assets during sunbathing session in Spain From the Palace to the party! Victoria Beckham is joined by her family, friends and fellow Spice Girl Mel C as she celebrates her OBE honour at private dinner The nipple is freed! Imogen Anthony accidently FLASHES her bare breast on Instagram while wearing a flimsy sequinned top during VERY wild night out Ready for selfies! Love Island star Malin Andersson flaunts her figure in plunging blue swimsuit... after £7k spend on cosmetic surgery for Instagram Caught in a diva moment! Reese Witherspoon wears sunglasses at 5am and uses an umbrella handler even though it's barely sprinkling in NYC She's Shameless! Tina Malone wears loud Union Jack leggings as she scoffs a sausage roll from budget bakery Made a pit stop to indulge in a savoury treat 'Rock your curves!' TOWIE star Gemma Collins triumphantly displays her continuing weight loss in a flowing white dress  Yet more weight loss Little Miss Sunshine! Amanda Holden looks chic in a lemon coat and quirky Little Mermaid bag as she leaves a performance of Stepping Out Kym Marsh shows off her perfect pins in a floral minidress as she discusses her harrowing Corrie stillbirth storyline on Lorraine 'I've got a huge bed!': Celine Dion reveals she has slept with her six-year-old twins every night since her husband passed a year ago Still in mourning Girls' getaway! Love Island's Hannah Elizabeth and TOWIE's George Harrison sport TINY bikinis as they live it up on a yacht in Spain Reality TV babes Sophie gets her hands dirty! Stiletto-clad Countess of Wessex comes face to face with creepy crawlies as she opens a woodland education centre Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner steps out for refreshments with boyfriend Joe Jonas as they return to LA after romantic Mexican getaway 'I was very overweight for me... it doesn't make you feel great': Ewan McGregor admits he hated piling on pounds for Fargo as new season opens with nude scene 'It's lovely to be in the conversation': James Norton hints he's interested in James Bond role... but admits he's a 'great fan' of Daniel Craig Suki Waterhouse shows off her toned midriff in gingham maxi dress as she enjoys sunshine in West Hollywood  Has been busy filming  13 Reasons Why fans accuse Netflix of trivializing suicide after official Twitter account made a joke referencing the series' depressed main character 'I grew up embracing Hollywood's golden era': Lily Collins channels old school glamour as she discusses her Beverly Hills childhood and new Warren Beatty movie Blac Chyna shows off her post-baby figure on a dinner date with on-again beau Rob Kardashian... as their relationship drama plays out on KUWTK 'So much fun!' Real Housewives Of New York star Sonja Morgan reveals she had a 'sloppy' fling with lothario Jack Nicholson Confessions 'If my body stays like this forever, it's fine!' WAG Rebekah Vardy SLAMS trolls who targeted her for 'massive thighs' days after giving birth  'I couldn't be happier': Big Little Lies author Liane Moriarty gushes over Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon's portrayal in HBO series Big Little Lies author  Wendi Deng praises fellow 'working mom' Ivanka Trump as an example to young girls around the world as the First Daughter is named to the Time 100 list Sofia Vergara shows off her chic sense of style in ripped jeans and a sweater as she enjoys a cheery lunch with pals in Beverly Hills Latina beauty Newly-single Jesy Nelson flashes her ample assets in a very racy red leather bralet as she joins Leigh-Anne Pinnock for Little Mix night out She's a good egg! Perrie Edwards sports playful Easter bunny ears as she joins her Little Mix bandmates for raucous night out Drawing attention Selma Blair bonds with her boy Arthur in Studio City... after whirlwind trips to Michigan and French Polynesia He playfully hid beneath her summer dress Taking the plunge! Eva Longoria flaunts her sensational figure before unleashing her fearless side with daring waterfall jump on Hawaii holiday with José Working too hard, Eamonn? Presenter, 57, appears to nod off next to wife Ruth during a phone in on This Morning Are we keeping you up? 'I see him through my children everyday': Emotional Celine Dion discusses motherhood following tragic passing of husband René Angélil Died of throat cancer No beer belly here! Jonah Hill shows off his slimmed-down physique whilst clutching a drink during a night out in New York Comedy actor  'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together Former OC star Kendall, Marilyn, Audrey and more! Harper's Bazaar projects its most famous photos onto the Empire State Building for 150th anniversary She's back for more bickering! Kim Zolciak officially signs on for season 10 of RHOA... but NeNe Leakes has yet to seal her deal Blonde beauty 'This is shameful and offensive': Katy Perry is slammed for posting a picture of a Hindu goddess on Instagram Recently spoke on her Christian upbringing Vogue Williams flashes her lace bra as she dines with pals... days after boyfriend Spencer Matthews was seen looking smitten with a mystery blonde Woman is left blind in one eye after nightclub acid attack as police hunting Ferne McCann's boyfriend raid three homes on his fourth day on the run What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman Is that supposed to be me? Naomi Watts looks stunned when she's shown an artist's rendition of her face... and it looks NOTHING like her 'It's lonely and isolating': After Prince Harry's 'breakdown' revelations, Kate opens up about the struggles of motherhood and battling shyness What memoir? Kris Jenner is still smiling as she joins daughter Kendall at Harper's Bazaar celebration... as ex Caitlyn reveals she 'didn't enjoy sex' in book La La and Carmelo Anthony's potential divorce 'could trigger pre-nuptial agreement over $200m fortune'... as dancer claims she is pregnant with his baby Drake 'tells authorities to DROP burglary case' after fan breaks into his $7.7million home... but only steals water and soda  No prosecution Too close for comfort? Fireman gets handsy with Delta Goodrem during group photo shoot at the singer's fragrance launch party A close encounter  Don Draper no more? Newly-single Jon Hamm reveals thinning patch as he steps out for breakfast in Los Feliz A little of what makes him so perfect 'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new music video... shot days before terror attack Out of this world! Karen Gillan is edgy in a yellow off-the-shoulder dress over leather trousers at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 premiere in LA Feeling fruity! Charlotte Crosby larks around as she shows off her slim figure in a white pineapple print swimsuit Showcased her slim figure Sienna Miller dazzles in a low-cut monochrome dress on The Tonight Show... as she reveals jungle horror on while filming The Lost City of Z Chatting to Jimmy Fallon 'My first hot sweat felt like sitting on a radiator': Jennifer Saunders reveals she tackled the menopause Ab Fab-style - by drinking champagne 'She looks amazing!' Svelte Claire Richards wows viewers with her 'incredible' figure as Steps take to the stage to perform their new single Hitting the right note! Delta Goodrem looks fierce in a blue pantsuit as she launches debut fragrance Cut a fierce look in a blue pantsuit Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Romantic vacation 'Don't say that!' Sam Faiers scolds beau Paul Knightley as he BLASTS Loose Women panel with foul-mouthed slur... after they slam him for THAT kiss Mariah Carey 'spent $34,000 on a lavish Louis Vuitton trunk' for manager Stella Bulochnikov's birthday present  Hey, big spender! Sensational at 61! Model Iman flaunts her enviable curves in a stunning flared jumpsuit for Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary Party David Bowie's widow The Night Manager's Elizabeth Debicki shows off her slender frame in a sleek crushed gold gown as she attends the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 premiere  Say you'll be there! Spice Girl Mel C beams with pride as she puts on a sartorially savvy display at ex-bandmate Victoria Beckham's swanky OBE dinner PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway Heating things up Jennifer Lopez wows in plunging top and curve-hugging jeans as she shops in Miami... after Easter break with new boyfriend A-Rod and their children 'Beard life': Genetically blessed Chris Hemsworth gets tips on growing facial hair by Zac Brown at Bluesfest Tips on growing a substantial beard Leading lady style! Katherine Jenkins looks super chic as she greets fans after another triumphant night performing in West End musical Carousel Packing a punch! Vin Diesel larks around with his cute kids Vincent and Hania on the red carpet at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere Healthy dishes and sexy cocktails: Cheryl's ex Jean Bernard talks about plans to attract 'hard-working independent women' to his new London eatery Loved up Letizia! Queen of Spain cosies up to husband King Felipe as they arrive at literary awards ceremony in Madrid  Spanish royals Made In Chelsea's new girl Mimi Bouchard takes a break from love triangle drama as she parties with scantily-clad dancers on wild night out Enjoy it while you can, Alexander! Swedish prince is the centre of attention on his first birthday as he prepares to become a big brother  Adorable new portraits  Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA Flaunted her bump in a clinging low-cut number  Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown for Harper's Bazaar bash in New York... as her face is beamed onto the Empire State building Pippa's fiance pulls out of brother Spencer Matthew's TV venture: James quits position as director of production company Cutting ties? Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Mining boost too late for ASX Patrick Commins and Myriam Robin 221 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares open higher after commodity prices gained and Wall St rallied on renewed hopes of tax cuts. Duet Group surges 9 per cent as takeover approved by Foreign Investment Review Board Coca-cola shares shed 7 per cent in early trade after profit warning.  Banking analysts warn share prices not taking into effect housing slowdown. Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:45pm Well, that's it for the week. Thanks for reading and for your comments. Have a great weekend and see you all again on Monday morning. 4:40pm Shares have ended the week on a high note as investors jumped back into the big miners after iron ore prices climbed and some faith in the US-led reflation trade returned to markets. The ASX 200 ended the day up 33 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 5854, but the benchmark ended the week lower by a similar margin. There was lots of action in the telco market, as TPG plunged 11 per cent as it returned from a capital raising, but that hid a bit of a "buy the dip" mentality in the sector. Telstra added 1.7 per cent and Vocus 2.8 per cent. Iluka Resources was the best of the week, up 11 per cent following a quarterly production update. Duet Group was today's best and the week's runner up as it climbed 9.5 per cent as it looks like a takeover offer for the company will proceed. Gold miners had a dreadful four sessions as they gave up some strong gains from earlier in the month. Newcrest lost around 6 per cent and was a big weight on the market. Iron ore slumped sharply but showed some over the past couple of days, which gave solid support to miners' share prices today. Rio managed to climb around 1 per cent over the short week. Coca-Cola was a late entrant to worst of the week, as it slumped 10.5 per cent today on a profit downgrade. Biggest weights on the top 200 index over the four sessions, in order of impact, was a 2.8 per cent drop in Wesfarmers, a 1.2 per cent fall in Westpac, the aforementioned slump in Newcrest, a 0.7 per cent loss for CBA and a 1.1 per cent retreat for BHP. Energy had the toughest week, dropping 3 per cent as a group as Brent crude fell 5 per cent to $US53.07 a barrel. The Aussie dollar ended the week at 75.4 US cents, down 0.3 US cents. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 this week. Photo: Bloomberg 4:00pm Coke's big problem is sugar doesn't sell, writes AFR Chanticleer columnist Tony Boyd: In the wake of Coca-Cola Amatil's profit downgrade it is worth remembering that companies facing a structural long-term decline in their core business cannot easily use cost cutting as a pathway to success. In fact, it is possible that the cost cutting being pursued by Coca-Cola Amatil chief executive Alison Watkins will ultimately accelerate the problematic issues in her sugar-based carbonated drinks business. Notwithstanding that possibility and Friday's profit downgrade, the company's senior management remains confident that it can meet its medium term aspiration of "sustainable mid-single digit growth". The key issue is that the volume of fizzy drinks sold has been in decline for more than decade. Volumes fell 4.7 per cent last year. One fund manager summed up the core problem facing Watkins with the following comment: "They are making the bulk of their profits from something that is bad for your health". That is probably a little simplistic when you consider that in the global consumer staples sector the most profitable companies in the world are global tobacco companies. These numbers carry a few messages for investors. First, at some point all of the issues associated with certain products that are bad for your health will be reflected in the price. Friday's profit downgrade was blamed on lower demand from consumers and price competition. Watkins is doing all she can to address structural change in the sugar based drinks business but analysts such as David Errington at Bank of America Merrill Lynch have warned that her cost cutting could accelerate the decline in carbonated drink volumes. Errington has had an "underweight" rating on the stock, which is the equivalent to a "sell" on the stock for three years. Read more at the AFR. It's not that you can't make money from unhealthy products, but eventually it can weigh on your bottom line. Photo: Viki Lascaris 3:27pm Housing price growth is finally slowing, and we have the banks rather than the RBA to thank for it, writes Christopher Joye: The great Australian housing boom might be grinding to a stand-still thanks to the banks' out-of-cycle rate hikes - correcting the two misguided official cuts in 2016 - and tough new "macroprudential" constraints on interest-only lending imposed by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority (APRA). According to CoreLogic home values across Australia's five largest capital cities have appreciated only 0.3 per cent between 20 March and 20 April 2017, less than one-third the average 1 per cent monthly capital growth rate over the preceding 6 months. The nation's investment mecca, Sydney, has fared worst among the capitals—setting aside the west coast property pot-hole—with dwelling values flat over the last 30 days. This is a welcome contrast to the crazy 14 per cent growth rate that has on average asserted since October 2016. In what should be a warning to punters forced to chase speculative capital gains on 10 times leveraged housing equity (with negative interest carry) by the Reserve Bank of Australia's zero per cent "real" cash rate after living costs, Perth home values have slumped 10 per cent since their December 2014 peak. That could happen in Sydney and Melbourne, wiping out half the equity of all first time buyers. On this note congratulations to CBA's senior economist, Gareth Aird, who in a report this week argued that the consumer price index (CPI) is a "poor barometer of changes in the cost of living" because it "ignores price changes in the single biggest purchase a person (or household) is likely to make in their lifetime – a dwelling". Refreshingly authentic words from someone working for a 20 times leveraged residential mortgage lender. Read more at the AFR.   Washing on a clothesline in a Parklea housing estate in Sydney suburbia. Photo: Andrew Meares 3:02pm The Australian Taxation Office has won a landmark transfer pricing case against Chevron, which could have ramifications for the $400 billion in loans that multinationals use to finance their activities in Australia. Chevron appealed an earlier Federal Court decision that came down largely in favour of the ATO, which claimed the company owed roughly $340 million in taxes, penalties and interest on a 2003 loan for its North West Shelf gas project.  But a unanimous judgment by the full bench of the Federal Court on Friday reaffirmed the ATO's position. It said the appeal was dismissed, with costs.  Chevron said it would review the decision and could appeal to the High Court. "As recognised by the trial court in the dispute, the financing is a legitimate business arrangement and the parties differ only in their assessments of the appropriate interest rate to apply," a spokesman said.  Read more at the AFR. The Tax Office said Chevron claimed excessive deductions for a loan.  Photo: AP Back to top 2:21pm As we near the close, the S&P/ASX200 has largely held on to the level it surged to in the morning, trading up 0.5 per cent from yesterday's close to 5852.6.  In terms of key stocks, hasn't been too much change over the day, which most of the major movers keeping to similar levels as they were at shortly after the open. Meanwhile, Asian markets climbed. The MSCI Asia Pacific Index had its best day since late March, up 0.7 per cent, while Japan's Topix is up 0.9 per cent. S&P500 futures were little changed, after Wall Street rose overnight.  Greg McKenna, chief markets strategist at AxiTrader, said we're seeing "an outbreak of positivity" due to US Treasury Secretary Steve Mnunchin's comments about tax cuts, as well as a poll that shows good odds for a Macron victory in France. "Even though I've been highlighting the downtrend and the associated drift in data prints in recent weeks, should the market get the result that traders and investors like out of the French election on the weekend, we could see one heck of a risk on rally in stocks and other assets early next week," McKenna said. "Traders seem to be alert but not alarmed at the moment." 1:53pm The government approval of an offshore bid for Duet Group (see below) "inevitably ... may pave the way" for other utilities like Spark Infrastructure and AusNet to be acquired by offshore players, said RBC analyst Paul Johnson in a note responding to the approval. He sees this causing short-term strength in the shares of both utilities companies, and considers Spark the "most likely take-out candidate over time" because CKI, who can now take over Duet, has a 51 per cent stake in Victorian Power Networks and SA Power Networks. CKI tried to buy state-owned power grid Ausgrid last year, but was rejected on "national security" grounds. The Hong Kong company mainly has assets in Europe, and is trying to diversify its global footprint.  Duet Group said this morning that the overwhelming majority of its proxy holds - 99.3 per cent - have approved the takeover. Mr Johnson wrote that RBC was "confident of the deal ultimately proceeding", and notes the $3.03 per share offer price is "very much at the high end of M&A valuations in the sector." Duet Group shares were up 9.5 per cent at 1.45pm, trading at $3.01. Spark and AusNet were up 0.8 per cent and 1.5 per cent respectively.    1:24pm Australian traders will need plenty of coffee to sustain them through the first round of the French election, which takes place on Sunday in France. With the first results expected 4am Monday in Sydney, IG Markets' trading crew will be at their desks before dawn to deal with any fallout, while back in Europe, Societe Generale AG will be staffed overnight. Staff at HSBC Holdings will work extended hours, a spokeswoman said, Tradition is asking more voice brokers to come in on Sunday, while London-based Caxton FX Ltd. is providing its night owls with pizzas. Other analysts and investors will be nervously watching from home, ready to dash to the office should French voters spring a surprise. Currency markets will give traders an early chance to react. "Political events have a significant ability to alter volatility, more than any other event," said Chris Weston, the firm's chief market strategist. Shifts in opinion polls have bolstered the focus on Sunday's first round, which decides which of the top candidates progress to the run-off vote. The campaign has turned into a four-way race, with anti-euro candidate Marine Le Pen and independent Emmanuel Macron running just ahead of Republican Francois Fillon and the Communist-backed Jean-Luc Melenchon. While polls show that either Macron or Fillon -- considered the more market-friendly candidates -- would be favoured against the less-centrist opponents in a run-off, it's the outside prospect of a Le Pen-Melenchon one-two that will keep traders sweating on Sunday. That's reflected in the options market, which reflects the first round of French elections as posing the greater risk. Commonwealth Bank of Australia strategist Peter Kinsella, who is based in London, said his team would come in on Sunday evening. "If we see increasing chances of a Le Pen versus Melenchon second-round vote, then it'll be a late night." The playbook of late nights and early starts is a familiar one for traders after 2016's Brexit vote, the U.S. election and Italy's constitutional referendum in December. As with the French election, those shocks, and the subsequently raucous reaction in markets, took place initially during Asian trading hours -- when liquidity tends to be lower -- making currencies more prone to sudden moves. The FX market open on Monday is an especially vulnerable time, with traders in Europe and the U.S. still on their weekends. Marine Le Pen, France's presidential candidate and leader of the French National Front, gives a thumbs up during an election campaign meeting in Lille, France in March.  Photo: Bloomberg 1:03pm A transport infrastructure boom is helping keep economic growth high - handy for Treasurer Scott Morrison, but perhaps not for Australia's economic future, writes Michael Pascoe: A Caterpillar and Komatsu cavalry is arriving just in time to save the next two federal budgets from the effects of slowing residential building approvals, solving one of Treasurer Scott Morrison's fiscal dilemmas.  National spending on transport infrastructure is in the process of soaring 73 per cent from last financial year to 2018-19, according to industry research company Macromonitor.  Spending on road and rail hit a cyclical low of about $19 billion in 2015-16. In constant dollars, the cycle is expected to peak at $33 billion in 2018-19. That spending would more than cover a 10 per cent decline from last year's $63 billion worth of new residential building. The transport infrastructure surge is big enough to add credence to this week's more optimistic International Monetary Fund global forecast that our economy will grow by a healthy 3.1 per cent this year, producing a fall in the unemployment rate to 5.2 per cent from the present 5.9 per cent. Read the rest at the Sydney Morning Herald.  12:40pm Australian bank share prices are failing to factor in the prospect of a future slowdown in home lending and the build-up of housing risks, say the sector's leading analysts. Citigroup and Morgan Stanley's banking researchers have branded the recent crackdown in home lending as "unprecedented", "material" and likely to "fundamentally alter" the financial landscape. They predicted a slowdown in lending that would weigh on the long-term earnings of banks, even if home loan repricing gave the lenders a short-term boost. In a research note published this week, Citi analysts, led by Craig Williams, said the "unprecedented approach to the provision of finance to housing is expected to have a material, multi-dimensional impact on the banking sector." The analysts estimated mortgage lending growth would slow to 4 per cent by 2019 because of the limits imposed on interest-only lending, with higher rates on these loans expected to feed into a reduced demand for credit. Citi analysts said that while bank earnings were expected to increase as a result of the recent mortgage repricing, higher capital charges and slower lending growth should slow earnings growth in the outer years. They believe the mortgage-centric lenders – CBA and Westpac – are overvalued with their share prices "not reflective of the building risks in the housing market". Morgan Stanley's Richard Wiles said the unintended consequences were unaccounted for by the market. "The advent of higher mortgage rates and tighter lending standards when household debt is at record levels and conditions in the labour market are soft raises the risk of unintended consequences. "While our 2018 earnings per share forecasts are lifted by an average of about 3.5 per cent, we think credit rationing increases the probability of a weaker economy and higher non-housing loss rates next year."   Back to top 11:58am As TPG's plans to become Australia's fourth mobile network get under way, a move that will have to take market share from the current three-tiered oligopoly, some have speculated that the biggest loser will be Vodaphone. But Vodafone's chief strategy officer Dan Lloyd has hit back, telling Business Insider that while a fourth player will be good for consumers, he can't figure out just how TPG plans to build an entire network for $600 million. TPG has said it plans to reach 80 per cent of Australians with its mobile offering. It will spend just $1.8 billion on its network over three years, $1.2 billion of which has already been spent when it paid dearly for spectrum in a government auction. "We are investing at a higher capital intensity than our two major competitors, and suffice to say, our investment just to maintain and enhance a world class network is well above $600 million capital expenditure over three years," he said. TPG does have an advantage - 21,000 kilometres of fibre-optic cables criss-crossing Australia, which means it will need to spend large amounts only to build mobile tower sites, rather than the optic network connecting them. But Mr Lloyd thinks they're underestimating how tricky this is. "[Mobile tower] sites are not only expensive, but can be increasingly difficult to secure," he said.  Building a mobile network in Australia, a vast country with low population density, is "courageous and challenging," he said.  TPG shares are down 2.5 per cent in early trading. Since it announced its mobile plans, it has become the ASX200's third most-shorted stock. Vodafone is not listed in Australia.  "[Mobile tower] sites are not only expensive, but can be increasingly difficult to secure," says Vodafone's Dan Lloyd. Photo: Ben Rushton 11:47am The Trump trade isn't dead, it's just been resting, writes Karen Maley: Investors had feared that the Trump rally might have run out of steam, after the DJIA last week closed below its 50-day moving average for the first time since last November's election. They were also concerned that financial stocks, which had led the post-election rally, have been lagging for the past seven weeks, while safe consumer staple stocks have come back into vogue. Growing doubts about Trump's ability to deliver on his plans to slash taxes and ramp up infrastructure spending have also been evident in the US bond market. The yield on benchmark US 10-year bonds, which climbed above 2.6 per cent in mid-March, tumbled to a five-month low of 2.18. per cent earlier this week, as investors bet that recent weak US economic figures could derail the US central bank's plans for further interest rate hikes this year.(Yields fall as bond prices rise). But hopes of imminent tax cuts - which would help boost US economic activity and inflation - helped push the US 10-year bond yield back to 2.24 per cent overnight. Still, talk of tax cuts is easy. Analysts warn that it will be much more difficult for the Trump administration to secure Congressional backing for its plans, as the misstep on US healthcare reform demonstrated. But, as the billionaire London-based hedge fund manager, Crispin Odey, noted in his latest letter to investors, it's a "lonely" life for bears in the current market environment. "A year ago it was easy to be bearish", Odey noted. "China was slowing, world trade was creaking, Europe was not recovering and the oil price was hitting new lows. "A year later, to be bearish feels lonely, despite the fact that the reflationary story of the past year looks difficult to sustain and auto loan lending has joined a long list of risks along with Trump and Brexit." Read more at the AFR.  11:17am Coca-Cola Amatil has shocked investors by backing away from its promise of mid single-digit earnings growth, saying it now expects underlying net profit to decline in the first half, while full year profits will be flat. Trading in Australian drinks unit for the year to date has been weaker than last year with all channels experiencing volume and price pressure due to competition and category trends, the beverages giant said on Friday. Chief executive Alison Watkins re-affirmed earnings guidance for mid single-digit earnings per share (EPS) growth in February. But the company said that while that was a longer-term target, full year underlying net profit after tax to be broadly in line with last year.  The poor update came just weeks after the surprise departure of the head of its Australian drinks business Barry O'Connell in March. In response to the shift away from sugary drinks, CCA has been slashing costs while rebalancing its beverages portfolio, changing formulations of carbonated soft drinks to reduce calories, shrinking pack sizes and introducing new non-carbonated beverages such as Zico coconut water and Fuze tea. But progress has been slow. Read more at the AFR. The new Kings Cross Coca-Cola sign is turned on for the first time on September 15, 2016 in Sydney, Australia.  Photo: Zak Kaczmarek 11:07am DUET Group told the ASX this morning it has been advised by Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings (CKI) that the Australian government has approved the Hong Kong company's $5.5 billion consortium-led takeover offer. There had been concerns the government could reject the deal after it last year blocked CKI from buying a state-owned power grid, Ausgrid, on the grounds of "national security". The DUET assets include a smaller power grid as well as a gas distributor and a major gas pipeline. DUET chairman Doug Halley said shareholders would now be able to vote on the CKI bid at a meeting later today. DUET shares jumped 9.5 percent at the open to $3.01, just under the A$3.03 offer price, having traded well below the bid price on concerns the deal could be blocked. CKI is led by Asia's third-richest man, Hong Kong-based billionaire Li Ka-Shing. In January, Australia formed a new body to oversee investment in critical infrastructure assets, including power grids. The government in February said it would weigh long-term geopolitical considerations when assessing bids for those assets. The CKI-led consortium also includes Cheung Kong Property Holdings and Power Asset Holdings.  Update 11.30am: Duet Group says 99.3 per cent of proxy holders approve of the takeover.  Hong Kong's richest man Li Ka-Shing has not been deterred by last year's failed bid for Ausgrid. Photo: Reuters 10:44am Australia's big banks and miners pushed the index higher at the open, as oil and iron ore gained overnight and positive comments from the US Treasury Secretary about tax cuts blew fresh life into the reflation trade. Rio Tinto was the biggest contributor to the positive start, rising 2.2 per cent, while BHP Billiton rose 1.5 per cent. Fortescue jumped up 4.6 per cent after iron ore rose 4.2 per cent overnight. The big four banks also played their part, all up between 0.8 per cent to 1.7 per cent, after Wall Street's overnight surge. The gains were broad, with all sectors apart from consumer staples and industrials trading in the black at the open. Shortly after, the telecomm sector also traded down, after two days of gains. TPG and Vocus were 1.3 per cent lower, while Telstra was flat.  Some of the biggest gains were in utilities, with the rise largely driven by shares in energy company Duet Group, which surged 9.6 per cent after Hong kong-based billionaire Li Ka-Shing's takeover bid for the company won foreign investment approval from the Australian government. Shareholders are due to vote on the deal later today. AGL Energy was also up 1.7 per cent shortly after the open.  Iluka Resources rose 6.0 per cent to its highest level in a year off the back of an upgrade by JPMorgan.  On the red side of the ledger, Coca-Cola Amatil fell 5.0 per cent at the open and continued falling further in early trade, down 7.7 per cent by 10.30am as investors digested a warning its beverage business had a weak start to the year due to "competition and price trends". Wesfarmers and Woolworths were also lower, down 0.8 and 0.4 per cent respectively.  Photo: Myriam Robin Back to top 9:58am on 21 Apr 2017 Australian iron ore producers BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto are at risk of becoming collateral damage in US President Donald Trump's move to cut the amount of cheap steel being sold in the United States by foreign producers such as China. President Trump ordered the Commerce Secretary to prioritise an investigation into whether steel imports into the US "threaten to impair national security", by drawing on an obscure provision in a 1962 trade law. The move opens up a path for the Trump administration to potentially impose harsh tariffs on steel from a broad range of countries that Australia exports the steel-making ingredient iron ore to. American Enterprise Institute US-China economic relations expert Derek Scissors, who last month visited government officials in Canberra, said invoking national security measures was "unpleasant" and the Trump administration was yet to consider the detrimental economic impact on allies such as Australia from any trade punishment of China. "If the US severely punished the Chinese steel industry, which is absolutely warranted on economic grounds for China dumping overcapacity on the world market for 15 years, how are they going to affect the demand for Australian iron ore?" On the other hand, the measures could help Australia's BlueScope Steel which has large steel plants in the US. Flanked by steel executives and unionists in the Oval Office, Mr Trump said on Thursday that American-made steel was critical to supply the local defence-building industry to protect the military and economy. "This is not an area where we can afford to become dependent on foreign countries," Mr Trump said. Though the President insisted the probe had "nothing to do with China" and that the dumping of subsidised steel was a global problem, past US government trade sanctions have overwhelmingly targeted Beijing and led to tariffs. Read more at the AFR.   President Trump ordered the Commerce Secretary to prioritise an investigation into whether steel imports into the US "threaten to impair national security". Photo: Andrey Rudakov 9:47am on 21 Apr 2017 SPONSORED POST IG strategist Chris Weston asks: Will investors be tempted today to cut risk ahead of the weekend's elections in France? With the French elections bearing down on markets the bulls seem to be wrestling back some control here and despite the prospect of real volatility on Monday, there is hope that all will be well. The real concern for investors is whether to how to deal with the weekend event risk and the prospect of gapping in all asset classes. We can see limited concerns so far, so watch price action from around 10:30 AEST as it will tell us all we need to know about how Aussie equity investors feel about the French elections. A strong rally after the full unwind of the market will tell us they see a positive resolution, which seems in fitting with the moves in French assets.   BHP likely to open 1% higher and banks looking to attract buyers here too. If we look at Vale as a proxy for all things iron ore we can see it closed 3.6% higher, so anyone long Fortescue or Atlas Iron will be expecting a nice way to finish the week. Stay long this space for now, with iron ore futures looking increasingly more positive on a technical basis here, with the bulls defending the longer-term uptrend and we have even seen a bullish outside day reversal off this trend support. If I were short iron ore futures here I would absolutely be covering and even reversing into long positions. Read more.   9:35am on 21 Apr 2017 And here is a rundown of the overnight market highlights: SPI futures up 30 points or 0.5% to 5833 AUD +0.4% to 75.23 US cents (Overnight range: 74.93-75.47) On Wall St, Dow +0.9%; S&P 500 +0.8%, Nasaq +0.9% In New York, BHP +1.6%, Rio +2.7% In Europe, Stoxx 50 +0.6%, FTSE +0.1%, CAC +1.5%, DAX +0.1% Spot gold flat at $US1280.30 an ounce Brent crude flat at $US52.95 a barrel Spot iron ore +1.2% to $US65.36 a tonne Dalian iron ore +4.2% to 497 yuan Steam coal +0.1% to $US84.15, Met coal -1.1% to $US270.00 LME aluminium +2.15 to $US1942 a tonne LME copper +1.2% to $US5623 a tonne 10-year bond yields: US 2.23%, Germany 0.24%, Australia 2.50% Nothing on the local calendar for economic data, but overseas: Japan flash manufacturing PMI at 10:30am AEST A bunch of European flash PMIs this evening British retail sales tonight, and Canadian CPI Stocks to watch: Miners should enjoy strong support as commodity prices rallied, including Chinese iron ore futures overnight Duet Group investors set to vote on takeover offer OZ Minerals and Regis Resources report quarterly production numbers Rio Tinto raised to buy at Citi Bank of Queensland raised to buy at Bell Potter NIB cut to sell at BP Evolution Mining cut to hold at Canaccord ​Iluka raised to overweight at JP Morgan 9:18am on 21 Apr 2017 Here's a bit more on Mnuchin's comments from overnight, which seemed to have spurred markets higher: The Trump administration is aiming to complete the biggest overhaul of the tax code since President Ronald Reagan by the end of the year, even if a second attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act fails, according to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. "Whether health care gets done or doesn't get done, we're going to get tax reform done," Mnuchin said overnight at a conference in Washington. "We're pretty close to being able to bring forward what is going to be major tax reform." Mnuchin's comments come as the White House and congressional Republicans remain at odds over whether to try for another vote on replacing the 2010 Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, next week. President Donald Trump has said he wants to get a health-care bill completed first before moving onto taxes. White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said he and Mnuchin are spending a lot of time working together on tax policy and that there would be a "united proposal" coming from the Trump administration. While he didn't specify timing of a tax plan, he said earlier this month the administration is still committed to passing a plan to overhaul the tax code this year. Read more. In Congress, the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee has been struggling to get support for a tax blueprint that House Speaker Paul Ryan released in June. Both House Republicans and the White House broadly agree on rate cuts for individuals and businesses. The Trump administration hasn't yet said whether it supports the House's controversial border adjustment proposal to replace the 35 per cent corporate rate with a 20 per cent tax on domestic goods and imports, while exempting exports. Retailers, automakers and oil refiners that rely on imported materials have all complained that border adjustments would mean higher prices for consumer goods. Investors are sweating on good new from the White House.  9:12am on 21 Apr 2017 US stocks jumped amid corporate results and comments from the Treasury Secretary that bolstered bets the Trump administration would cut taxes soon. The US dollar all but erased losses and Treasuries fell as the odds for a June interest-rate hike climbed. The Nasdaq closed at a record as a round of solid earnings led by American Express pushed equities higher. The credit card company closed up 5.9 percent as the top boost to the Dow Industrials after reporting a smaller-than-expected drop in quarterly profit late Wednesday. "You need a catalyst to go higher and the only one that is out there to me that is logical and would drive the market higher is earnings, and so far it is OK," said Phil Blancato, CEO of Ladenberg Thalmann Asset Management in New York. "You look at a day like today and it tells you there is a lot of cash on the sidelines that wants an opportunity to buy when the market sells off even just a little bit." Major indexes have fallen for two straight weeks, retreating from record levels as worries about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his pro-growth promises raised some concern about stretched stock valuations. US Treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin said plans to reform taxes have progressed. Mnuchin's comments eased growing concern that Trump's fiscal agenda is foundering, while the odds for a rates hike in June surged toward toward 60 percent after Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan reiterated that three increases this year remain appropriate. Mounting tensions between North Korea and the United States, as well as the looming French presidential elections, also served to heighten investor caution. Recent polls showed centrist Emmanuel Macron hung on to his lead in a four-way French race that is too close to call. Of the 82 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported earnings through Thursday afternoon, about 75 per cent have topped expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data, above the 71 per cent average for the past four quarters. Overall, profits of S&P 500 companies are estimated to have risen 11.1 per cent in the quarter, the best since 2011. The Dow Jones and Nasdaq lifted 0.9 percent, and the S&P 500 added 0.8 per cent. Steven Mnuchin, US Treasury secretary, raised investors' hopes that a tax plan would be forthcoming. Photo: Andrew Harrer Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 169 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia What You Need To Know About The 457 ... Contains: External link A Church Dedicated To Cannabis Will ... Contains: External link Most Popular Chevron eyes high court as it loses landmark tax case CBA raises interest rates on investor and interest-only loans Worst of both worlds: Australia caught in disconnect Turnbull says Tasmania could become a 'battery for Australia' The three-second rule for online shopping Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business The three-second rule for online shopping The one top-earning job that pays women more than men Chevron eyes high court as it loses landmark tax case Restaurant chain accused of using trainee program to underpay staff CBA raises interest rates on investor and interest-only loans Canberra Times Pesticides boss jumps ship for ACT govt before Armidale move Tyre smashes windscreen on the Hume Highway Which government workplace is next? 'It will kill the town': Canberra's public servant exodus to hurt business Barnaby's Bingo: Where will public service decentralisation send your department? The Sydney Morning Herald The sad reason why many mothers take selfies with their kids Police officers attacked on Paris' Champs-Elysees The first Sydney CBD tower to face the wrecking ball North Korea warns of 'super-mighty preemptive strike' The three-second rule for online shopping The Age Paraplegic to face court over fine for parking in disabled car park The one top-earning job that pays women more than men Child dies after smash in Berwick medical centre car park Australian snooker world champion reveals video game addiction The next boom is under way – before another bust Brisbane Times Truck dumps burning rubbish on Brisbane street Monkey Magic is back: Cult TV show to get a modern take for the ABC and Netflix Human bones found in car dragged from dam Siblings returning from Easter trip when tragedy struck Impact of the toxic foam leak 'will go on for decades' WA Today Perth driver cleaned up by Transperth bus in dash cam footage Talk of dumping body before Rayney death 'Have you been drinking?' Perth couple's disbelief at Mega Home Lotto win The next boom is under way – before another bust Money laundering syndicate member jailed for 10 years over multi million dollar Perth bank transactions Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Total System Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total System Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.73 EPS Expected for Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) This Quarter -$0.73 EPS Expected for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) This Quarter Intellicheck Mobilisa (IDN) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Total SA (TOT) Will Announce Earnings of $0.95 Per Share Brokerages Expect RPM International Inc. (RPM) Will Announce Earnings of $1.17 Per Share Kimball International (KBAL) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Liberty Global plc – Class C (LBTYK) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.19 LendingClub Corp (LC) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Nevro Corp (NVRO) Receives $105.60 Average Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Nantkwest Inc (NK) PT at $12.00 ConforMIS Inc (CFMS) Receives $10.75 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Share Price Brokerages Set JRP Group PLC (JRP) Price Target at $184.83 Lilis Energy (LLEX) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.03 Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) Receives $36.67 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Insider Selling: Inphi Co. (IPHI) VP Sells 6,302 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Nabriva Therapeutics AG – (NBRV) Major Shareholder Sells 23,932 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) SVP Sells 2,200 Shares of Stock Square Inc (SQ) CEO Jack Dorsey Sells 381,500 Shares $0.73 EPS Expected for Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) This Quarter April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts expect Total System Services, Inc. (NYSE:TSS) to announce earnings per share of $0.73 for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Three analysts have issued estimates for Total System Services’ earnings. The highest EPS estimate is $0.74 and the lowest is $0.71. Total System Services posted earnings of $0.62 per share in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 17.7%. The company is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Tuesday, April 25th. On average, analysts expect that Total System Services will report full year earnings of $2.95 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.93 to $2.97. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the business will post earnings of $3.27 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.21 to $3.35. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are a mean average based on a survey of research firms that follow Total System Services. Total System Services (NYSE:TSS) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The credit services provider reported $0.71 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.13 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $835.06 million. Total System Services had a return on equity of 24.32% and a net margin of 8.38%. Total System Services’s quarterly revenue was up 57.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.57 earnings per share. A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on TSS shares. KeyCorp reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $58.00 price objective on shares of Total System Services in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Total System Services from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $59.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Credit Suisse Group AG increased their price objective on shares of Total System Services from $54.00 to $57.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Atlantic Securities reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $59.00 price objective on shares of Total System Services in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Stephens upgraded shares of Total System Services from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Total System Services has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $56.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/0-73-eps-expected-for-total-system-services-inc-tss-this-quarter.html. Total System Services (NYSE:TSS) traded up 0.22% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $53.64. The company had a trading volume of 811,517 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $9.84 billion, a PE ratio of 30.95 and a beta of 1.00. Total System Services has a 1-year low of $46.22 and a 1-year high of $56.54. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $53.24 and a 200-day moving average price of $51.37. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd were issued a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, March 21st. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.75%. Total System Services’s dividend payout ratio is currently 23.12%. In other Total System Services news, EVP Dorenda K. Weaver sold 4,687 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $53.64, for a total value of $251,410.68. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 43,456 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,330,979.84. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, EVP William A. Pruett sold 44,066 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.95, for a total transaction of $2,245,162.70. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 169,296 shares of company stock valued at $8,638,738. Corporate insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its position in Total System Services by 573.4% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 36,430 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $1,786,000 after buying an additional 31,020 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in Total System Services by 55.5% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 842,292 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $39,715,000 after buying an additional 300,598 shares in the last quarter. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co boosted its position in Total System Services by 0.3% in the third quarter. BRYN MAWR TRUST Co now owns 64,485 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $3,041,000 after buying an additional 203 shares in the last quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. bought a new position in Total System Services during the third quarter worth about $1,830,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Total System Services by 39.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 424,329 shares of the credit services provider’s stock worth $20,006,000 after buying an additional 119,886 shares in the last quarter. 71.48% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Total System Services Total System Services, Inc (TSYS) is a payment solutions provider that provides payment processing services, merchant services and related payment services to financial and non-financial institutions. The Company’s segments include North America Services, Merchant Services, NetSpend and International Services. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Total System Services (TSS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Total System Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total System Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TriNet Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TriNet Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Expect TriNet Group Inc (TNET) Will Announce Earnings of $0.26 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Avangrid Inc (AGR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.68 Per Share ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.10 Per Share Universal Display Co. (OLED) Receives $83.20 Average PT from Brokerages Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) Bonds Rise 3.5% During Trading Dynegy Inc. (DYN) Bond Prices Rise 2% Smart & Final Stores (SFS) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.01 Red Hat (RHT) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.01 Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (KTOS) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.01 Gentex (GNTX) Given News Impact Score of 0.01 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Finish Line (FINL) Stock Price FedEx (FDX) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Independent Bank Corp (INDB) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Brokerages Set Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) PT at $14.25 -$0.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) This Quarter Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Receives $29.70 Average Price Target from Brokerages Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Brokerages Expect TriNet Group Inc (TNET) Will Announce Earnings of $0.26 Per Share April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts forecast that TriNet Group Inc (NYSE:TNET) will post earnings of $0.26 per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have made estimates for TriNet Group’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.25 to $0.27. TriNet Group posted earnings per share of $0.20 during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year over year growth rate of 30%. The company is expected to report its next quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. According to Zacks, analysts expect that TriNet Group will report full year earnings of $1.14 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.13 to $1.16. For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the firm will post earnings of $1.36 per share. Zacks’ earnings per share averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that cover TriNet Group. TriNet Group (NYSE:TNET) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The business services provider reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.02. TriNet Group had a return on equity of 270.14% and a net margin of 1.77%. The business earned $811.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $168.19 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.31 EPS. TriNet Group’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.8% on a year-over-year basis. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Deutsche Bank AG lowered TriNet Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $30.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Wednesday. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “buy” rating on shares of TriNet Group in a research note on Friday, April 14th. TheStreet raised TriNet Group from a “c” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised TriNet Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $32.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. TriNet Group presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $26.29. Shares of TriNet Group (NYSE:TNET) traded up 3.84% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $28.63. The company had a trading volume of 268,117 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average is $28.65 and its 200 day moving average is $25.04. The company has a market capitalization of $1.95 billion, a PE ratio of 33.68 and a beta of 3.01. TriNet Group has a one year low of $16.00 and a one year high of $30.17. In other TriNet Group news, CEO Burton M. Goldfield sold 25,800 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.05, for a total transaction of $723,690.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 14,134 shares in the company, valued at approximately $396,458.70. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, VP Edward Griese sold 18,056 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $29.28, for a total value of $528,679.68. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $29,280. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 202,370 shares of company stock valued at $5,711,978 in the last ninety days. 42.40% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of TNET. Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC increased its position in TriNet Group by 20.4% in the fourth quarter. Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC now owns 4,915,192 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $125,927,000 after buying an additional 831,353 shares during the period. Cantillon Capital Management LLC increased its position in TriNet Group by 522.6% in the third quarter. Cantillon Capital Management LLC now owns 2,723,916 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $58,919,000 after buying an additional 2,286,409 shares during the period. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC increased its position in TriNet Group by 21.1% in the third quarter. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC now owns 1,537,875 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $33,264,000 after buying an additional 267,750 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in TriNet Group by 14.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,021,714 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $22,100,000 after buying an additional 132,322 shares during the period. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in TriNet Group by 9.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 906,647 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $23,229,000 after buying an additional 74,584 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.15% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/brokerages-expect-trinet-group-inc-tnet-will-announce-earnings-of-0-26-per-share.html. About TriNet Group TriNet Group, Inc is a provider of human resources (HR) solutions for small to medium-sized businesses (SMBs). The Company’s HR solutions include services, such as multi-state payroll processing and tax administration, employee benefits programs, including health insurance and retirement plans, workers’ compensation insurance and claims management, employment and benefit law compliance, and other services. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on TriNet Group (TNET) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for TriNet Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TriNet Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FedEx Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Smart & Final Stores (SFS) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.01 Red Hat (RHT) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.01 Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (KTOS) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.01 Gentex (GNTX) Given News Impact Score of 0.01 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Finish Line (FINL) Stock Price FedEx (FDX) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Independent Bank Corp (INDB) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Briggs & Stratton Co. (BGG) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Brokerages Set Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) PT at $14.25 -$0.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) This Quarter Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Receives $29.70 Average Price Target from Brokerages Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Catalent Inc (CTLT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Ferro (FOE) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.40 Nord Anglia Education (NORD) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.40 Nucor’s (NUE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) Now Covered by Janney Montgomery Scott Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC FedEx (FDX) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about FedEx (NYSE:FDX) has been trending somewhat positive on Thursday, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by monitoring more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. FedEx earned a news impact score of 0.02 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news coverage about the shipping service provider an impact score of 73 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the media stories that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: Watch for FedEx to Potentially Pullback After Gaining 1.53% Yesterday (mysmartrend.com) UTHSC hosts Chinese delegation to talk biotech business collaborations (finance.yahoo.com) FedEx truck crashes on I-85 in Townville, lanes closed (counton2.com) FedEx begins new Liege-Memphis service (aircargoweek.com) FedEx van crashes into hearing aid business (news4jax.com) Shares of FedEx (NYSE:FDX) traded up 1.59% on Thursday, reaching $186.48. 1,672,242 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $191.70 and a 200 day moving average price of $187.55. The firm has a market capitalization of $49.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.51 and a beta of 1.14. FedEx has a 52 week low of $145.00 and a 52 week high of $201.57. FedEx (NYSE:FDX) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The shipping service provider reported $2.35 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.62 by $0.27. FedEx had a return on equity of 22.02% and a net margin of 3.35%. The business earned $15 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $2.51 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 18.1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that FedEx will post $11.93 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 13th were issued a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 9th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.86%. FedEx’s payout ratio is currently 23.46%. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $233.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Morgan Stanley set a $135.00 price target on shares of FedEx and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $205.00 price target on shares of FedEx and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Loop Capital assumed coverage on shares of FedEx in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $234.00 price target for the company. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $220.00 price target on shares of FedEx in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nineteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $206.64. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “FedEx (FDX) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/fedex-fdx-earning-somewhat-positive-news-coverage-study-shows.html. In other news, CEO David L. Cunningham, Jr. sold 11,499 shares of FedEx stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $197.89, for a total value of $2,275,537.11. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 33,677 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,664,341.53. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Paul S. Walsh sold 4,400 shares of FedEx stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, April 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $196.38, for a total transaction of $864,072.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 14,400 shares in the company, valued at $2,827,872. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 95,178 shares of company stock worth $18,442,302 over the last quarter. Insiders own 8.67% of the company’s stock. FedEx Company Profile FedEx Corporation (FedEx) provides a portfolio of transportation, e-commerce and business services through companies competing collectively, operating independently and managed collaboratively, under the FedEx brand. The Company’s segments include FedEx Express, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services. Receive News & Ratings for FedEx Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FedEx Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance A10 Networks Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) PT at $14.25 -$0.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) This Quarter Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Receives $29.70 Average Price Target from Brokerages Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Catalent Inc (CTLT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Ferro (FOE) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.40 Nord Anglia Education (NORD) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.40 Nucor’s (NUE) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) Now Covered by Janney Montgomery Scott Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Aerohive Networks Inc (HIVE) to Post -$0.23 Earnings Per Share Invesco Mortgage Capital Inc (IVR) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.39 Per Share Brokerages Set BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Price Target at $61.08 Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Citrix Systems (CTXS) Stock Price Cutera (CUTR) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds CommVault Systems (CVLT) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.27 Analysts Set Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Target Price at $81.14 Navigator Holdings Ltd (NVGS) Receives $13.25 Average PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) PT at $27.20 BioTelemetry, Inc. (BEAT) Receives $28.80 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages -$0.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) This Quarter April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages predict that A10 Networks Inc (NYSE:ATEN) will announce earnings of ($0.05) per share for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have made estimates for A10 Networks’ earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at ($0.03) and the lowest estimate coming in at ($0.07). A10 Networks posted earnings per share of ($0.14) in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 64.3%. The business is expected to announce its next quarterly earnings results after the market closes on Thursday, April 27th. On average, analysts expect that A10 Networks will report full-year earnings of ($0.09) per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.10) to ($0.08). For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the company will post earnings of ($0.01) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.05) to $0.03. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that that provide coverage for A10 Networks. A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The communications equipment provider reported $0.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.02 by $0.01. A10 Networks had a negative return on equity of 24.79% and a negative net margin of 9.10%. The firm had revenue of $64 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $60.87 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted ($0.06) earnings per share. A10 Networks’s revenue for the quarter was up 13.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Several analysts have recently weighed in on ATEN shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of A10 Networks from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Dougherty & Co raised their price objective on shares of A10 Networks from $10.00 to $10.50 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $9.30. In other news, CEO Lee Chen sold 25,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $9.16, for a total transaction of $229,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 10,939,788 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $100,208,458.08. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP Robert D. Cochran sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.99, for a total transaction of $44,950.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 203,162 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,826,426.38. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 189,534 shares of company stock valued at $1,732,813. Company insiders own 34.05% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of ATEN. Acadian Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of A10 Networks by 0.4% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 101,521 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock worth $1,085,000 after buying an additional 429 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of A10 Networks by 65.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 31,893 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock worth $340,000 after buying an additional 12,666 shares in the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. bought a new stake in shares of A10 Networks during the third quarter worth $1,904,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of A10 Networks by 248.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,489,555 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock worth $15,924,000 after buying an additional 1,062,097 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of A10 Networks by 364.0% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 366,096 shares of the communications equipment provider’s stock worth $3,914,000 after buying an additional 287,196 shares in the last quarter. 54.05% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/0-05-earnings-per-share-expected-for-a10-networks-inc-aten-this-quarter.html. Shares of A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) traded up 0.34% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $8.78. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 263,958 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $9.05 and a 200 day moving average price of $8.73. A10 Networks has a 12 month low of $5.87 and a 12 month high of $10.86. The stock’s market capitalization is $518.28 million. About A10 Networks A10 Networks, Inc is a provider of software and hardware solutions. The Company’s solutions enable its customers to secure and optimize the performance of their data center and cloud applications, and secure their users, applications and infrastructure from Internet, Web and network threats at scale. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on A10 Networks (ATEN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for A10 Networks Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for A10 Networks Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Gramercy Property Trust Announces Pricing of Public Offering of 9,000,000 Common Shares NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Gramercy Property Trust (NYSE:GPT), a real estate investment trust, announced today the pricing of the public offering of 9,000,000 common shares at a public offering price of $27.60 per share for estimated net proceeds of $238.1 million after deducting for underwriting discounts and offering expenses payable by the Company. In addition, the underwriters of the offering have a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 1,350,000 common shares. The offering is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close on April 26, 2017. The Company intends to use the net proceeds of this offering to fund the future acquisition of its target assets consistent with its investment strategies and for working capital and other general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment or repurchase of indebtedness. Morgan Stanley and J.P. Morgan acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Wells Fargo Securities and Stifel also acted as book-running managers for the offering. Ladenburg Thalmann, BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, BTIG, Capital One Securities, MUFG, Scotiabank, TD Securities, CJS Securities, Compass Point, D.A. Davidson & Co., Huntington Investment Company and JMP Securities acted as co-managers for the offering. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, copies of which may be obtained by contacting: Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014,; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204. These documents will also be filed with the SEC and will be available at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities, in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Gramercy Property Trust Gramercy Property Trust is a leading global investor and asset manager of commercial real estate. The Company specializes in acquiring and managing high quality, income producing commercial real estate leased to high quality tenants in major markets in the United States and Europe. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information based upon the Company’s current best judgment and expectations. Actual results could vary from those presented herein. The risks and uncertainties associated with forward-looking information in this release include, but are not limited to, factors that are beyond the Company’s control, including the factors listed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For example, the fact that the offering described above has priced may imply that the offering will close, but closing is subject to conditions customary in transactions of this type and may be delayed or may not occur at all. In addition, the fact that the underwriters have an option to purchase additional shares may imply that this option will be exercised. However, the underwriters will not be under any obligation to exercise any such option, or any portion of it, and they may not do so. Investors should not place undue reliance upon forward-looking statements. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Student dancers connect to four make that five elements Next PostNext Společnost Hyundai Mobis zahajuje lokální produkci hlavních automobilových komponent (světlometů) v Evropě Search Recent Posts ADDING MULTIMEDIA Galaxy S8 Materials Costs Highest by Far Compared to Previous Versions, IHS Markit Teardown Reveals Micro Fantasy Announces Prediction Contest for National Pro Fastpitch 2017 College Draft Presented by 2XU Celanese Announces Engineered Materials Price Increases in the Americas Sustainability and Energy Management Software Market to Value US $1.7 Bn by 2024 Creater.com.cn Cites Advantages of Hot Desking and Work Space Sharing Proudly powered by WordPress
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 42° Light fog High: 52° | Low: 42° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Lost: A special report Schools & Education Community News The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump Business More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Nation & World Posted Yesterday at 8:08 PM increase font size Wall Street statue standoff unchanged Lawyers for the artist behind the 'Charging Bull' want the 'Fearless Girl' removed. The city isn't budging. By Renae MerleThe Washington Post Share Comment Read Article NEW YORK — After the 1987 stock market crash, sculptor Arturo Di Modica spent two years and $300,000 secretly working on a gift he hoped would lift the spirits of a demoralized city. He deposited the 11-foot, 3-ton “Charging Bull” statue in front of the New York Stock Exchange in the middle of a wintry night. Today, that icon of Wall Street prosperity is staring down another statue that has become a potent symbol in its own right – a petite girl in high-top sneakers. The “Fearless Girl,” fists curled at her sides and face held high in seeming defiance of the giant bull galloping before her, has drawn international attention since it was unveiled last month and tapped into growing frustration around the struggle female executives face rising into leadership positions, particularly on Wall Street. ARTURO DI MODICA The "Fearless Girl" statue was installed by an investment firm in honor of International Women's Day, with an inscription at the base saying: "Know the power of women in leadership. She makes a difference. State Street Global Advisors." Associated Press/Mark Lennihan Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → Di Modica sees something else: Fearless Girl, he argues, has turned his bull into a symbol of male chauvinism. His attorneys said he may sue if the statue isn’t removed. But the city isn’t budging, and the standoff has turned into a high-profile debate over the role of public art, intertwined with visceral feelings about Wall Street and the role of women. The origins of the two works of art could not be more different. Fearless Girl belongs to one of the largest banks in the world, Boston-based State Street, which commissioned the work last year as part of an advertising campaign. The statue, the bank says, is part of an effort to use its financial might to encourage companies to put women in more prominent leadership positions. (It initially included a plaque that mentioned one of the bank’s funds.) Di Modica says his statue was a work of conviction. The 76-year-old gray-bearded sculptor has generated some sympathy, particularly from other artists. Gabriel Koren, whose bronze sculpture of Frederick Douglass looks into Harlem from Central Park, says she would be offended by another artist placing a competing piece of art near her creation without permission. “Every sculpture needs space. That is the nature of sculpture,” she said. “If you put something else there, it changes it.” The Fearless Girl, she said, is “cute,” but “you don’t stand up for women’s rights at the expense of the artist’s rights. Each right is equally important. I am saying this as a woman.” Yet others say the meaning of Di Modica’s bull began to change long before Fearless Girl arrived. During the height of the Occupy Wall Street protests, New York City police put barricades around the statue to protect it from demonstrators. “Let’s be blunt, the Charging Bull is a celebration of unfettered capitalism,” New York Mayor Bill De Blasio said recently on the Brian Lehrer Show. “You could say it is about the spirit of optimism, sure – that’s what the artist was thinking, that’s great. But it is a symbol of Wall Street. And Wall Street, to say the least, is a double-edge sword.” This comes as the financial industry struggles to shed its reputation as a boys club where women struggle to succeed. None of the country’s mega-banks, such as JPMorgan, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs, are led by women. Even State Street has been forced to acknowledge its own shortfalls – the bank has only three women on its 11-member board of directors and five women on its 28-member leadership team. “We ourselves are being challenged on how do we help address” the lack of women in leadership positions, said Stephen Tisdalle, chief of marketing at State Street Global Advisors, a subsidiary of the bank. “We’re taking a very humble approach to this.” “Fearless Girl,” the bank says, was not meant to change the meaning of the bull statue but to create a potent symbol to show that women can – and should – be an important part of the financial sector. The city has refused to remove the statue, which has a permit to stay put for another year. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Major league roundup: Orioles prevail in 10 innings Bruins notebook: Boston needs goals, and needs them quickly Patriots to open 2017 season against Chiefs Charity worker who spent 3 years in Cairo jail is back in U.S. Reformed scam artist offers data protection tips to Mainers Advocacy groups link suicide of Maine weatherman to sex assault Portland's robust restaurant scene about to get a lot more crowded TV weatherman Tom Johnston died of exposure after self-inflicted wounds, medical examiner finds Maine Voices: LePage administration forfeits almost $2 billion in federal aid to Maine Sanders, Perez call on Democrats to 'radically transform' party Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system Portland's robust restaurant scene about to get a lot more crowded Maine Voices: LePage administration forfeits almost $2 billion in federal aid to Maine Advocacy groups link suicide of Maine weatherman to sex assault BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Latest News Dow 20,579 +174.22 +0.85% Nasdaq 5,917 +53.74 +0.92% S&P 500 2,356 +17.67 +0.76% 3:06 A.M. ET Software AG climbs 4.1% after first-quarter earnings 3:04 A.M. ET WS Atkins jumps 4.2% after accepting SNC-Lavalin takeover bid 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,034.54 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,122.64 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 5,060.49 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens flat at 378.10 2:53 A.M. ET Updated Here’s a sign euro traders are dangerously complacent about the French election 2:41 A.M. ET SSAB swings to profit; sees higher demand ahead 2:40 A.M. ET Philips Lighting profit up 17%; holds margin view 2:39 A.M. ET Reckitt Benckiser revenue boosted by forex rates 2:39 A.M. ET Arkansas carries out first of eight planned executions 2:35 A.M. ET Updated Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil 2:33 A.M. ET Updated When are the French election results out on Sunday? 1:27 A.M. ET Oil prices steady as investors watch for OPEC signals 1:00 A.M. ET Updated Gunman slain after killing Paris police officer; Islamic State claims credit 12:09 A.M. ET Updated Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt 4/20 BHP Billiton plans $204M expansion of coal mine 4/20 Led by Nikkei, Asian markets build on overnight gains 4/20 Elon Musk reveals Neuralink plans, including his third CEO role 4/20 When dumb things happen to smart investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Banking Visa results better-than-expected but profit falls By MarketWatch Published: Apr 20, 2017 6:47 p.m. ET Share By MarketWatch Visa Inc.'s profit tumbled 75% in the most recent quarter as it booked charges related to the reorganization of its Europe business, though revenue rose more than expected amid robust growth in payments and cross-border volume and processed transactions. Shares rose 2.8% after hours to $93.70. Like rival Mastercard Inc., Visa is a payment network that processes credit-card and debit-card transactions, making a percentage off each. The company purchased its European operations last June, a deal designed to bring its global operations under one roof. And during the latest quarter, Visa completed a legal entity reorganization of Visa Europe and other units to align its global corporate structure with the geographic jurisdictions in which it operates. Accordingly, Visa recorded a $1.5 billion income tax provision and a $192 million administrative expense tied to the charitable donation of Visa Inc. shares acquired as part of Visa Europe. In all for the fiscal second quarter, Visa earned $430 million, or 18 cents a Class A share, down from $1.71 billion, or 71 cents a share, a year earlier. Excluding items related to the reorganization, earnings were 86 cents, topping the average analyst estimate for 79 cents, according to Thomson Reuters. Net operating revenue climbed 23% to $4.48 billion, above the $4.3 billion analysts were looking for. Payments volume for the quarter climbed 37% on a constant-dollar basis to $1.7 trillion. Total processed transactions surged 42% to 26.3 billion. The company is reaping the rewards from a growing credit-card market and recent wins as companies, including Costco Wholesale Corp. and USAA, switched card programs to its network. As lenders continue to push generous rewards programs and credit-card issuance keeps rising, the ripple effects are being felt by the Visa network. Cross-border volume growth more than doubled in the quarter from a year earlier on a constant dollar basis. Expenses, however, were also up, jumping 40%, mostly owing to the Visa Europe transaction as well as increases in personnel and marketing costs. Visa lifted slightly its guidance for the current year, and now anticipates adjusted earnings to increase at the high end of the mid-teens, compared with previous guidance for growth in the midteens on a percentage basis. The company still expects revenue to rise at the high end of 16% to 18%. Write to Anne Steele at Anne.Steele@wsj.com By AnnaMaria Andriotis and Anne Steele Visa Inc. reported profit and revenue increases for the first three months of 2017 that beat Wall Street expectations thanks to robust growth in transactions and the amount cardholders charged. This is the second consecutive quarter in which Visa has materially exceeded analyst expectations, reflecting stronger economic growth globally and a booming U.S. credit card market. Visa's stock rose around 2.7% after hours, extending gains posted so far this year. Before reporting its latest results, Visa's shares had risen nearly 17% in 2017, topping the performance of rivals such as Mastercard Inc., American Express Co. and Discover Financial Services. The company's performance was helped by its purchase of its European operations last June, a deal designed to bring its global operations under one roof. That effort, however, led to a drop in reported profit; net income in the company's fiscal second quarter ended March tumbled 75% from a year earlier due to charges related to the reorganization. Visa reported net income of $430 million, or 18 cents per share for the quarter. Excluding items related to the reorganization, net income was $2.1 billion, or 86 cents per share. In both cases that represented more than 20% growth from the year earlier period, while earnings per share topped analyst estimates of 79 cents, according to Thomson Reuters. Net operating revenue climbed 23% to $4.48 billion, above the $4.3 billion analysts expected. Visa, like Mastercard, is a payment network that processes credit-card and debit-card transactions, taking a small cut of each purchase. The two companies don't actually extend credit to cardholders, which is done by banks and others issuing cards. Visa continues to benefit from a growing credit-card market in which those issuers are competing for more card users and purchase volume. Visa is the network for many in-demand credit cards, including the J.P. Morgan Chase Sapphire Reserve card that launched last year. Also helping fuel Visa's performance is the recent switch for Costco Wholesale Corp. cards from American Express to the Visa network. Visa also recently renewed many deals with card issuers and merchants. Chief Executive Alfred Kelly said on the earnings call that this included multiyear card deals with PNC Financial Services Group Inc., Citizens Financial Group Inc., and First National Bank of Omaha. He said the card network also renewed a co-brand deal with Hyatt Hotels Corp. Visa also signed a new 10-year exclusive partnership with ANZ Bank in Australia and New Zealand. Visa reported double-digit year-over-year growth in payments volume, transactions and total cards. Payments volume for the quarter climbed 37% on a constant-dollar basis to $1.7 trillion. Total processed transactions surged 42% to 26.3 billion. But operating expenses also rose by 24% after adjustments related in part to one-time items. The biggest increase occurred in personnel costs. Visa finance chief Vasant Prabhu said that costs, such as those related to client incentives, will continue to pick up this year. Additionally, Visa is investing in new areas where it projects payments will head in the future. That includes a recent announcement the firm has partnered with International Business Machines Corp. to add payment capabilities to many internet-enabled devices, including fitness bracelets, washing machines and cars. Visa also lifted its financial guidance slightly for the current fiscal year. It now anticipates adjusted earnings to increase at the high end of the midteens, compared with previous guidance for growth in the midteens on a percentage basis. The company expects revenue to rise at the high end of 16% to 18%. Write to AnnaMaria Andriotis at annamaria.andriotis@wsj.com and Anne Steele at Anne.Steele@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Stocks rise on solid earnings, tax optimism; Nasdaq closes at record Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump Iraqi Christians Endure Amid Fighting, Persecution Most Popular One of Warren Buffett’s favorite stocks is now selling at a big discount Americans rekindle their deadly love affair with salt Here’s what Venezuela’s deepening crisis means for oil prices This city has the most heavily indebted homeowners in America The future of video games may be a full-body experience MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Menu Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Growth Companies Human Capital & Careers Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Sign InSign Up Search for: CFO Conferences Webcasts Research White Papers Jobs Training Newsletters Magazine Search for: Disruptive Influences: 20 Tech Companies to Watch In areas from cyber defense to tax compliance to… Designer Fashion at a Discount A fast-growing online retailer is redefining how… Pre-IPO, Host Analytics Seeks Growth-Profits Balance As the enterprise performance management firm… Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Risk & Compliance Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Strategy Technology Financial Performance Trading Revenue Drop Hurts Goldman Profit “We underperformed this quarter,” new CFO R. Martin Chavez says as the firm reports its first earnings miss since the fourth quarter of 2015. Matthew Heller April 18, 2017 | CFO.com | US share Tweet Email Print - Print + Email this article To* Please enter your email address* Subject* Comments* Goldman Sachs surprised Wall Street on Tuesday, reporting a rare earnings miss as trading revenue fell 2% to $3.36 billion. The firm’s shares dropped 4.7% to $215.59, a 4-1/2 month low, on the first-quarter report, which also showed earnings per share of $5.15 and revenue of $8.026 billion. Analysts had expected earnings of $5.31 a share on revenue of $8.446 billion. Recommended Stories: AmEx Sales Drop 2% to $7.9B, Beat Estimates IBM Shares Sink on Unexpected Revenue Drop J&J Posts $17.7B in Revenue, Misses Estimates It was Goldman’s first miss on EPS since the fourth quarter of 2015. “We underperformed this quarter,” R. Martin Chavez, the firm’s new CFO, told analysts in a conference call. He explained that Goldman’s clients traded less with the bank because markets were calmer and because it does not lend as much as competitors. Banks with bigger balance sheets tend to profit not only from financing corporations but from capturing hedging and other markets-related business as well. But Reuters said analysts seemed unsatisfied with the explanations from Chavez and outgoing CFO Harvey Schwartz. “I’m not fully — I’m still confused,” UBS’s Brennan Hawken told Reuters, adding, “I have some company.” Goldman’s profit rose from a difficult year-ago quarter, when it posted earnings per share of $2.68. But the decline in trading revenue was in sharp contrast to results from JPMorgan Chase & Co ., Citigroup, and Bank of America, which all beat estimates due to strength in trading. “The operating environment was mixed, with client activity challenged in certain market-making businesses and a more attractive backdrop for underwriting in our investment banking franchise,” CEO Lloyd Blankfein said in a news release. During the first quarter the CBOE Volatility Index reached its lowest level since before financial crisis. Oil prices were also trading at years-low volatility levels. “That lack of volatility meant [Goldman’s] investor clients, many of them hedge funds, were trading less,” Reuters said. “Goldman’s unusually large exposure to commodities trading also hurt its fixed income business.” Net revenue from equities trading fell 6% to $1.67 billion. “Despite global equity prices generally increasing during the quarter, equities also operated in an environment characterized by political uncertainty, low levels of volatility and low client activity levels,” Goldman said. Post navigation ← Square-Off: Is Executive Pay Too Low, Too High, or Just Right? Cardinal Health Buys Medtronic Units for $6B → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Popular Articles Sponsored by Pursuing a “Hands-Off” Approach Internal Audit Losing Prestige, Survey Finds Think Like a Start-up, Be a Better CFO CFOs: Be the Heart of Data Integration Hire Expectations Watch Out for Tax Hits from Global Expansion Advertisement   Topics Accounting & Tax Banking & Capital Markets Human Capital & Careers Growth Companies Risk & Compliance Strategy Technology Media Videos Whitepapers Research Blogs Magazine Events Conferences Webcasts Services Reprints Back Issues Mobile Widgets RSS About CFO About CFO Editorial Staff Press Advertise FAQ Contact Us Want the Magazine? Relax and unplug with our award-winning coverage. Subscribe Now Follow Us
Wounded vet receives new home - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Wounded vet receives new home 2017-04-20T21:43:45Z2017-04-20T23:19:15Z By Christina Garcia, News Anchor Email Connect cskaggs@wlox.com Follow @WloxGarcia Jay Piper and his wife saw their home for the first time on Thursday. (Photo source: WLOX News) Jay Piper and his family checking out their new home. (Photo source: WLOX News) Building Homes for Heroes donated this home to the Piper family. (Photo source: WLOX News) DIAMONDHEAD, MS (WLOX) - Army Staff Sgt. Jay Piper is now 100 percent disabled due to an accident while serving his country. On Thursday, he was gifted with a mortgage-free home from a non-profit dedicated to helping veterans.  Excitement filled the air as Piper and his family saw their new home - a gift from Building Homes for Heroes - for the first time. It's a donation that only goes to the men and women who have suffered injuries while serving our country.  "This home here in Diamondhead is for Army Staff Sgt. Jay Piper. He served in the Army, he also went to Afghanistan," said Kim Valdyke, construction Manager for Building Homes for Heroes.  According Valdyke, Piper was injured in a parachuting accident during a training exercise in Florida. He broke both his heels, and has shoulder and back damage. Since the accident, he's been unable to work. Founded in 2006, Building Homes for Heroes offers homes to wounded veterans without them having to take on the financial burden of home ownership. The Diamondhead home is 2,800 square feet, and completely renovated.  JP Morgan Chase donated the home to building homes for Heroes. "We are very happy and proud to work with partners like Building Homes for Heroes today in gifting homes across the country. We have pledged in 2011 to give to over a 1,000 homes to veterans and military families across the country and today we have already pledged 900. So here in Diamondhead, Mississippi will be one more," said Jackelyn Gallo, who is represented JP Morgan Chase out of Slidell.  After serving 19 and a half years in the Army, and ending his career with serious injuries, Piper is being honored with a place he and his family can call home. The Piper family is still living in Florida, and plans on moving into their new home next month.   Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.  News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Grizzlies defeat Spurs in Game 3 of NBA Playoffs Grizzlies defeat Spurs in Game 3 of NBA Playoffs Updated: Friday, April 21 2017 12:15 AM EDT2017-04-21 04:15:59 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Believe Memphis!  After losing the first two games, the Memphis Grizzlies defeated the San Antonio Spurs in Game 3 of the NBA Playoffs on Thursday night in Memphis. More >> Believe Memphis!  After losing the first two games, the Memphis Grizzlies defeated the San Antonio Spurs 105-94  in Game 3 of the NBA Playoffs on Thursday night in Memphis. More >> Woman robbed at gunpoint in own driveway Woman robbed at gunpoint in own driveway Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 11:39 PM EDT2017-04-21 03:39:22 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A Memphis musician is thankful to be alive after she was robbed at gunpoint in her own driveway Wednesday night. More >> A Memphis musician is thankful to be alive after she was robbed at gunpoint in her own driveway Wednesday night. More >> Bowling For Kids’ Sake benefits Big Brothers Big Sisters Bowling For Kids’ Sake benefits Big Brothers Big Sisters Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 11:33 PM EDT2017-04-21 03:33:36 GMT WMC's Cameron Clinard, Chris Luther, and Ron Childers had a blast bowling! (Source; WMC Action News 5) People and businesses from around the Memphis area came together at Cordova Bowling Center on Thursday evening to help a local organization.   More >> People and businesses from around the Memphis area came together at Cordova Bowling Center on Thursday evening to help a local organization.  More >> Amber Alert victim's family 'elated' to learn she's safe, coming home Amber Alert victim's family 'elated' to learn she's safe, coming home Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 11:31 PM EDT2017-04-21 03:31:39 GMT The suspect and victims at the center of a Tennessee Amber Alert were found in northern California on Thursday morning.More >> The suspect and victims at the center of a Tennessee Amber Alert were found in northern California on Thursday morning.More >> Students hold vigil for fallen classmate Students hold vigil for fallen classmate Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 11:31 PM EDT2017-04-21 03:31:37 GMT (Source: Family) Students at Ridgeway High School gathered Thursday evening for a prayer vigil after losing a fellow classmate. Cartier Tarton, 16, died in his sleep last Saturday, April 15. His family said doctors told them that he died of an aneurysm. Dozens of students paid tribute to the high school junior. His family says they hope this death teaches a lesson to students and parents. "Really spend time with your children, tell them you love them and every breaking moment that you ca... More >> Students at Ridgeway High School gathered Thursday evening for a prayer vigil after losing a fellow classmate. Cartier Tarton, 16, died in his sleep last Saturday, April 15. His family said doctors told them that he died of an aneurysm. Dozens of students paid tribute to the high school junior. His family says they hope this death teaches a lesson to students and parents. "Really spend time with your children, tell them you love them and every breaking moment that you ca...More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Mississippi high schooler's prom outfit goes viral Mississippi high schooler's prom outfit goes viral Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 3:09 PM EDT2017-04-20 19:09:04 GMT Source: Facebook She set the internet on fire this weekend and today we caught up with Jackson native Faith Thigpen as she was being professionally photographed in her blinged out prom jumpsuit.More >> She set the internet on fire this weekend and today we caught up with Jackson native Faith Thigpen as she was being professionally photographed in her blinged out prom jumpsuit.More >> Breaking City releases official report on Charleston carriage horse incident City releases official report on Charleston carriage horse incident Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 7:03 PM EDT2017-04-20 23:03:53 GMT Big John being tended to by carriage company employees Wednesday afternoon. (Source: Provided) Did Big John slip while turning a corner or just decide to stop, lie down and wait?More >> Did Big John slip while turning a corner or just decide to stop, lie down and wait?More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States IBM, Chevron Sink DJIA Wednesday By Paul Ausick April 19, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet April 19, 2017: Markets opened higher Wednesday and held onto the gains through the morning before slipping lower. Only the Nasdaq Composite traded in the green late in the afternoon. The energy sector was the day’s worst performer while healthcare, with a modest gain of 0.3% was the best. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $50.26 a barrel, down 4.1% on the last day of trading on the May contract. June gold dropped 0.8% on the day to settle at $1,283.40. Equities were headed for a mixed close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.70% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.28%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.14%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Wednesday was International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) which traded down 5.18% at $161.23. The stock’s 52-week range is $142.50 to $182.79. Volume was more than 4 times the daily average of around 3.8 million shares. The company posted uninspiring results this morning. Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX) traded down 1.63% at $103.96. The stock’s 52-week range is $97.53 to $119.00. Volume was about 30% below the daily average of around 6.5 million shares. The company had no specific news, but the sharp drop in crude prices hit Chevron hard. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) traded down 1.08% at $93.37. The stock’s 52-week range is $69.04 to $99.46. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 5.3 million shares. The company trades ex-dividend on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded down 0.91% at $84.39. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 15% below the daily average of around 15.6 million. The big bank sold its student loan portfolio of $6.9 billion to Navient on Tuesday. Of the Dow stocks, 7 are on track to close higher Wednesday and 13 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Facebook to Deliver Internet via Drones Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Slip into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Chevron Corp (NYSE:CVX), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons States With the Most Smokers The Biggest Company the Year You Were Born Recent States Producing the Most Renewable Energy Visa Wins Big on Big Bottom Line Beat Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Rite Aid, Valeant Tumble into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search NCR Keeps Ringing Up Profits Chipotle Earnings Preview: What Investors Need to Look Out For in this Battleground Stock These 3 Stocks Just Raised Their Dividends Trump says he'd like health bill vote next week but doesn't give deadline Trump says he wants to keep government open next week Mattel shares fall 7% after quarterly results miss Five Stocks for the Small Cap Breakout to Highs Here's Why Ocwen Financial (OCN) and Altisource (ASPS) Stocks Tanked Today 3 Key Predictions for Apple's Q2 Earnings Report Asian stocks rise as steelmakers dismiss U.S. probe, euro fretful before French vote Trump targets cheap Chinese steel in probe, rallying U.S. steel stocks High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS Sentence Next For Volkswagen in US Diesel Emissions Scandal Wal-Mart CEO's Compensation Rises to $22.4M Trump to Order U.S. Treasury to Delve Into Taxes, Post-Crisis Reforms Trump Is Even Less Popular Than United Airlines Sarah Palin Reacts To Bill O'Reilly's Fox News Exit By Victim Blaming Trump Wants Clean Water Rule Gone. Now Comes The Hard Part. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments2 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business GOP plan to erase Obama-era Wall Street rules is more generous than even banks asked for The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The New York Stock Exchange in February. (Bryan R. Smith/AFP/Getty Images) By Renae Merle and Jonnelle Marte By Renae Merle and Jonnelle Marte April 20 at 6:16 PM Follow @renaemerle Follow @jonnelle House Republicans are launching an aggressive effort to undo regulations put in place under President Barack Obama to rein in Wall Street, potentially offering the industry sweeping relief from dozens of rules. The nearly 600-page draft legislation, known as the Financial Choice Act 2.0, takes aim at several critical portions of 2010’s Dodd-Frank Act, including weakening the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and ditching rules that restrict banks’ ability to make risky financial bets. “Dodd-Frank failed to keep its promises to the American people, but we will work with President Trump to follow through on his promise to dismantle Dodd-Frank,” Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-Tex.), chair of the House Financial Services Committee, said in a statement. Hensarling has been working on the legislation for more than a year and initially introduced a version last year. But under the Obama administration the rollback did not have much chance of being signed into law and the effort largely stalled. Now, President Trump has made regulatory relief a priority and has promised several times to “do a number” on Dodd-Frank, giving Hensarling’s legislative efforts new life. The Financial Services Committee is scheduled to hold its first hearing on the bill next week. While it has a good chance of being approved in the House, it still faces long odds in the Senate, where it would need to gain the support of some Democrats. “The American people believe that Congress should do more to rein in Wall Street, but Chairman Hensarling’s new bill shows House Republicans are not listening,” Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), the ranking Democrat on the Senate Banking Committee, said in a statement. “The special interests and their lobbyists who are hell-bent on rewriting the rules in Wall Street’s favor couldn’t have drafted a better bill themselves, if indeed they didn’t,” he said. At its core, the proposed legislation offers the country’s nearly 6,000 banks a choice: If they want to avoid many of the regulatory burdens imposed by Dodd-Frank, they must significantly increase their emergency financial cushion. That way even if they run into financial trouble, the banks will have enough money to survive without taxpayers’ help, Hensarling has said. [Here’s how Trump could dismantle Wall Street reform] Most big banks are likely to forgo that option. They have been pestering regulators to let them hold on to less capital, not more. Creating the large financial cushion called for by Hensarling’s bill would be too costly for many big banks, industry officials say. The industry has already spent billions of dollars implementing Dodd-Frank regulations. That money is “already a sunk cost,” said a representative of the financial-services industry who spoke on the condition of anonymity to comment candidly on the proposed legislation. “It’s unlikely that large institutions would opt for that off-ramp.” Still, the bill proposes several changes that could provide significant relief to Wall Street and, in some cases, goes further than even industry officials had hoped. The bill, for example, would repeal the “Volcker rule,” which restricts big banks’ ability to make risky financial bets. The industry has largely been asking that the rules governing that trading be simplified, but Hensarling goes further, doing away with it all together. Repealing that provision could boost the profits of some of the industry’s biggest players by nearly $2 billion next year, according to research by Nomura, a global investment bank. Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase could respectively recoup $446 million and $469 million in profits, the research showed. Hensarling’s bill also includes a blueprint for defanging the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau by stripping the agency of some of its most important powers. It would no longer be able to write major rules regulating consumer financial companies, such as debt collectors, without getting approval from Congress. It would also no longer be able to levy hefty fines against financial institutions for “unfair” or “deceptive” practices. The CFPB used those powers to fine Wells Fargo $100 million last year for opening up to 2 million accounts customers did not ask for or know about. Democrats have already promised to fight attempts to weaken the agency’s powers. “We would have a muzzled watchdog at best,” said Brian Simmonds Marshall, policy counsel for Americans for Financial Reform, a coalition of more than 200 civil rights, consumer- and labor-oriented community groups. “You would have an agency that did not have the authorities it needs to protect consumers.” business economy true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 2 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Renae Merle covers white collar crime and Wall Street for The Washington Post. Follow @renaemerle Jonnelle Marte is a reporter covering personal finance. She was previously a writer for MarketWatch and the Wall Street Journal. Follow @jonnelle 2 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Why Verizon is losing more cellphone customers than ever 2 Analysis Trump to sign actions on taxes, Wall Street regulation 3 ‘Fearless Girl’ ignites debate about art, Wall Street and the lack of female executives 4 Venezuela opposition plans silent procession, road sit-ins 5 Analysis 11 charts that show marijuana has truly gone mainstream The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.85% NASDAQ 0.92% Get quote Last Update: 04/21/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 59-89 We set you thinking Friday 21 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business Oil edges up but still set for biggest weekly drop in a month 1492757897 World South Korea on heightened alert as isolated North readies for army celebration 1492757523 World French police hunting second suspect after Paris attack: official 1492757391 Business Trump targets cheap Chinese steel in probe, rallying U.S. steel stocks 1492741266 China&India Chinese drunk driver eats grass to ‘sober up’ for breath test 1492755360 Business Elon Musk on mission to link human brains with computers in four years: report 1492750140 World German police arrest suspect in Borussia Dortmund bus attack 1492754580 China&India 70-year-old Chinese woman poses in Minnie Mouse get-up to pay family bills 1492653360 World Ocean drift analysis shows MH370 most likely in new search area: Australian scientists 1492752840 China&India Chinese villagers cut down live endangered tree to make coffin 1492659360 China&India Smoking hot: Chinese barber an Internet hit giving perms with fire-heated tongs 1492752060 Business U.S. and Indonesia seek to cut trade and investment barriers 1492753587 Business High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS 1492751291 World Japan lawmakers' group visits Yasukuni shrine for war dead 1492749315 World Ahok’s defeat highlights twin threats facing Jokowi 1492718520 Lifestyle Kia Cerato K3: The car with the power 1492718520 World In Malaysia, Islamic spiritual healing seeks scientific recognition 1492745460 Singapore Tiong Bahru FC: A modest clubhouse, but it raked in S$36m last year 1492704600 Lifestyle After 94 years, it’s goodbye for Penang’s famous Swatow Lane Ice Kacang 1492691160 World Philippine fishermen accuse China of firing on vessel 1492748210 China&India Hong Kong’s MTR to ease rules on swearing and filming (but eating on trains still forbidden) 1492747860 Singapore Singapore firms take nearly 4 years to promote workers: Survey 1492700400 Business Aviation industry to create or redesign up to 8,000 new jobs 1492718520 World Pence says U.S. will not relent in effort to end terrorism 1492746626 World Islamic State claims Paris shooting, one policeman killed 1492734070 Singapore Hazy conditions return as 24-hour PSI readings edge towards unhealthy range 1492730280 Business South Korea needs to consider a complaint to WTO over U.S. protectionism: steel industry source 1492746498 Singapore NTU prof admits to stealing S$450 worth of goods from petrol kiosks 1492700880 Singapore Monkey on the loose at Segar Road eludes AVA's efforts to catch it 1492691700 Singapore 5 City Harvest Church leaders surrender, begin jail terms 1492736880 Voices S’pore must draw strength from being part of Asean 1492745810 Business Asian stocks climb, euro surrenders gains as French election jitters return 1492744641 China&India Hong Kong airport authority fined HK$120,000 for air bridge collapse that ripped off Cathay Pacific plane door 1492743660 Business Australian court dismisses Chevron appeal in landmark tax case 1492743816 World Egyptian-American woman freed in Egypt goes home on U.S. military plane 1492743660 World Le Pen loses ground to Macron in French election race: poll 1492742147 Business China steel shares mostly up after Trump launches probe 1492741855 Business U.S. steel shares jump as Trump orders probe of imports 1492741266 Business Trump to order U.S. Treasury to delve into taxes, post-crisis reforms 1492739841 World Attack puts Paris on alert as election nears 1492729560 World Battle zone scenes at Paris Champs Elysees after drive-up police killing 1492730280 China&India Busy harvest time in China’s bamboo forests 1492738616 Lifestyle Bugs for dinner? New Aussie food trend has legs (and wings) 1492738610 Singapore Kong Hee apologises for ‘unwise decisions’, says ‘at peace’ with jail term 1492613340 Business Lufthansa, Air France departures briefly hit by computer outage 1492737197 Business BOJ governor Kuroda warns against policies unwinding free trade 1492736773 Business Trump administration, world financial officials clash over trade 1492727681 Commentary Malaysia has no fear of the facts: Najib 1492718520 Singapore Media gathers from morning as raids at FAS, football clubs continue into the night 1492718520 Singapore FAS election ‘to go on despite raids’ 1492718520 Business Trading firm Virtu Financial to buy KCG for about $1.4 billion Coleman, CEO of KCG Holdings, Inc., speaks at the Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Global Exchange and Brokerage Conference in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:00 AM, April 21, 2017 Virtu Financial Inc <VIRT.O> said it would buy rival KCG Holdings Inc <KCG.N> in a $1.4 billion deal that brings together two major U.S. electronic trading and market-making firms. The deal comes at a difficult time for high-frequency trading as low volatility squeezes the profits it can make from rapid-fire trades. Virtu's offer of $20 per share represents a 12.7 percent premium to KCG's Wednesday close. Shares of KCG hit a record high of $19.73 before ending up 11.3 percent, while shares of Virtu rose 10 percent. "KCG fits perfectly with Virtu's strategic priorities to apply our market making and technological expertise to customer wholesale order flow and expand Virtu's growing agency execution business," Virtu Chief Executive Douglas Cifu said in a statement. KCG was formed in December 2012 from the merger of New Jersey-based Knight Capital Group, a pioneer of electronic market making, and Chicago-based Getco LLC. Virtu makes markets in 36 countries and 12,000 financial instruments, continuously quoting buy and sell prices for others to trade against, profiting off the bid-offer spread, using high-frequency trading (HFT) strategies. HFTs use sophisticated technology and algorithms to trade stocks and other assets at near-light speed and are responsible for around half of the volume in U.S. equities and Treasuries, and nearly that in spot foreign exchange. Virtu said it expects to migrate trading of the combined company onto a single platform. The deal will be financed through stock sale worth $750 million to private equity firm North Island and Temasek and borrowings of $1.65 billion from JPMorgan Securities LLC. The combined company will be led by Cifu. Robert Greifeld and Glenn Hutchins, principals at North Island, will join the board after the deal. KCG also reported an 88 percent fall in first-quarter profit, hurt by low market volatility. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter after approval from KCG shareholders and regulators. JPMorgan Securities was the lead financial adviser to Virtu, while KCG was advised by Goldman Sachs. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22 percent World Bank's Kim says Trump likes lender's private capital plans White House's Cohn says 'fair trade' means reciprocal tariffs Western Digital would consider Japan partners for Toshiba chip unit bid Wells Fargo's profit flat as costs, mortgages weigh Wells Fargo's banking agreement with Nevada extended Wells Fargo tests Facebook chatbot Wells Fargo says failure on 'living will' test hurting trading revenues Wall Street slides as investors weigh bank results, global risks Inside Today World South Korea on heightened alert as isolated North readies for army celebration French police hunting second suspect after Paris attack: official Chinese drunk driver eats grass to ‘sober up’ for breath test German police arrest suspect in Borussia Dortmund bus attack Ocean drift analysis shows MH370 most likely in new search area: Australian scientists Business Oil edges up but still set for biggest weekly drop in a month U.S. and Indonesia seek to cut trade and investment barriers High-stakes vote on Wells Fargo board also tests proxy adviser ISS Elon Musk on mission to link human brains with computers in four years: report South Korea needs to consider a complaint to WTO over U.S. protectionism: steel industry source Sports VR in sports can offer a richer experience for fans and firms Media gathers from morning as raids at FAS, football clubs continue into the night FAS election ‘to go on despite raids’ High drama as police raid FAS office, 3 football clubs Tiong Bahru FC: A modest clubhouse, but it raked in S$36m last year Entertainment Animator wants success story to inspire others Criminal Minds misrepresents S'pore: Why can’t Hollywood ever get Asia right? Who is the new Mrs Aaron Kwok? All about Moka Fang, model and actress who’s the bride of Canto-pop star Sifa 2017 to feature Korean opera, ‘intimate’ stories from homeowners Singapore Heritage Fest to share stories of S’pore’s TV history About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News LGT Capital Partners LTD. Holds Stake in Triangle Capital Co. (TCAP) LGT Capital Partners LTD. Has $4.063 Million Position in Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) MEDNAX Inc (MD) Stake Maintained by LGT Capital Partners LTD. Huntington National Bank Has $7.221 Million Position in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Somewhat Critical News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Lumber Liquidators Holdings (LL) Stock Price TC Pipelines, (TCP) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Likely to Impact NanoString Technologies (NSTG) Stock Price SemGroup Corp (SEMG) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.04 Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Likely to Impact Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Stock Price Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance S & T Bancorp Inc (STBA) Releases Earnings Results Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao-ADR (CBD) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Target Price at $31.37 Moody National Bank Trust Division Holds Stake in Expedia Inc (EXPE) Centurylink Inc (CTL) Shares Sold by City Holding Co. City Holding Co. Buys 1,200 Shares of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Kellogg Company (K) Stake Increased by City Holding Co. T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Stake Increased by Huntington National Bank Moody National Bank Trust Division Has $674,000 Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) ResMed (RMD) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes MEDNAX Inc (MD) Stake Maintained by LGT Capital Partners LTD. April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet LGT Capital Partners LTD. maintained its position in MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 155,740 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. LGT Capital Partners LTD. owned approximately 0.17% of MEDNAX worth $10,805,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its position in MEDNAX by 5.0% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,604 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 77 shares in the last quarter. Ledyard National Bank increased its position in MEDNAX by 19.0% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 1,725 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 275 shares in the last quarter. First Bank & Trust bought a new position in MEDNAX during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $175,000. 1st Global Advisors Inc. bought a new position in MEDNAX during the third quarter valued at approximately $205,000. Finally, Cigna Investments Inc. New bought a new position in MEDNAX during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $224,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 99.16% of the company’s stock. Shares of MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) traded down 8.08% on Thursday, reaching $61.30. The company had a trading volume of 6,003,760 shares. MEDNAX Inc has a 52 week low of $59.36 and a 52 week high of $76.96. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $69.27 and its 200 day moving average is $67.31. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.56 and a beta of 0.67. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $831 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $842.15 million. MEDNAX had a net margin of 10.21% and a return on equity of 13.59%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 12.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.13 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that MEDNAX Inc will post $4.25 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/mednax-inc-md-stake-maintained-by-lgt-capital-partners-ltd.html. MD has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded MEDNAX from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Robert W. Baird downgraded MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Monday, April 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a $69.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Friday, March 10th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $69.00. In other MEDNAX news, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 15,164 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.01, for a total value of $1,061,631.64. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 59,097 shares in the company, valued at $4,137,380.97. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Md Carlo A. Waldemar sold 5,334 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.90, for a total transaction of $362,178.60. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 16,589 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,126,393.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 86,296 shares of company stock worth $5,959,391. 2.40% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About MEDNAX MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD). Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Canon Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Chubb (CB) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Affect Canon (CAJ) Share Price Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance $0.28 EPS Expected for First Horizon National Corp (FHN) This Quarter AO World PLC (AO) Receives GBX 163 Consensus PT from Analysts ResMed Inc. (RMD) Position Held by Bright Rock Capital Management LLC Bright Rock Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Gentex Co. (GNTX) Bright Rock Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) West Coast Financial LLC Increases Stake in Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) Western Gas Partners, LP (WES) Position Maintained by Huntington Steele LLC West Coast Financial LLC Invests $200,000 in Unilever plc (UL) Huntington Steele LLC Has $175,000 Stake in Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. (FGP) Bright Rock Capital Management LLC Has $2,232,000 Position in Red Hat Inc (RHT) Federated Enhanced Treasury Income Fund (FTT) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Frontline (FRO) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports FS Bancorp (FSBW) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Community Bankers Trust Corp. (ESXB) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.38 14.9% Stake of Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) Held by Domain Partners Viii, L.P. NuStar GP Holdings, LLC (NSH) Position Maintained by Selz Capital LLC University of Texas Investment Managment Co. Has $3,911,000 Position in Aeglea Bio Therapeutics Inc (AGLE) Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Affect Canon (CAJ) Share Price April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Canon (NYSE:CAJ) have been trending somewhat positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. AlphaOne, a service of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Canon earned a media sentiment score of 0.10 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media coverage about the technology company an impact score of 10 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s analysis: Canon U.S.A. Announces New COMPACT-SERVO Lens and Firmware Upgrades (news.creativecow.net) Canon : Announces Entries Are Open For The 2017 New Cosmos of Photography 2017 Photo Competition (4-traders.com) PERSTEXT Cute, an iOS app that makes it possible to enjoy easily editing photos with text that has a sense of perspective, and cute stamps, is now available (finance.yahoo.com) Canon Announces Entries Are Open For The 2017 New Cosmos of Photography 2017 Photo Competition (finance.yahoo.com) CANON 5D Mark IV Major Firmware FAIL? Only Adds C-LOG, NO Changes To 4K Crop Factor, Must Send In (froknowsphoto.com) Canon (NYSE:CAJ) remained flat at $31.88 during midday trading on Thursday. The stock had a trading volume of 849,844 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $34.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.65 and a beta of 0.60. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $30.82 and a 200 day moving average of $29.39. Canon has a one year low of $27.18 and a one year high of $32.13. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Canon from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Canon from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Canon from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $36.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/somewhat-favorable-media-coverage-extremely-unlikely-to-affect-canon-caj-share-price.html. Canon Company Profile Canon Inc (Canon) is a manufacturer of office multifunction devices (MFDs), plain paper copying machines, laser printers, inkjet printers, cameras and lithography equipment. Canon sells its products principally under the Canon brand name and through sales subsidiaries. Each of these subsidiaries is responsible for marketing and distribution to retail dealers in an assigned territory. Receive News & Ratings for Canon Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Canon Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why American Express Company Stock Jumped 6% Today First-quarter earnings topped Wall Street's expectations. Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Apr 20, 2017 at 3:58PM What happened Shares of American Express Company (NYSE:AXP) are on the move, rising by about 6% as of 3:00 p.m. EDT on Thursday. Investors were pleased by the company's first-quarter earnings, and its progress toward its earnings goal for the full year. So what American Express reported a profit of $1.34 per share vs. the consensus analyst estimate of $1.28 per share. Higher spending by card-carrying customers helped drive revenue growth of 7%, adjusted for currency fluctuations and the contribution of its Costco co-branded card to its results in the same period last year. The company reported that total loans on a worldwide basis grew to $65.3 billion in the first quarter, an 11% increase over the year-ago period. Loans grew 12% when adjusted for currency impacts. Image source: Getty Images. Lending has become a larger part of American Express' strategy to grow revenue and profit. In prepared remarks on the company's conference call, AmEx Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jeff Campbell said, "During the first quarter, more than 50% of the growth in U.S. consumer loans came from existing customers, consistent with the trend we described at our Investor Day." Increased rewards expenses somewhat offset higher revenue, as the company refreshed its American Express Platinum card to compete with other high-end cards, including a recent product launch by JPMorgan's Chase brand, the Chase Sapphire Reserve. Several Wall Street analysts upped their price targets following the company's earnings report. Bernstein, which has the most bullish view on the company's shares, increased its price target to $95, citing robust revenue growth. Now what American Express reiterated its guidance for the rest of the year, guiding for earnings per share between $5.60 and $5.80 in 2017.  "I would just conclude by saying we certainly feel very confident in the $5.60 to $5.80 EPS guidance range that we have reconfirmed again today," Campbell said in a reply to an analyst's question about the company's earnings guidance. Year-over-year comparisons will become more favorable going forward, as the impact of its lost partnership with Costco only partially impacted its second-quarter 2016 results, and didn't fully disappear from its results until the third quarter of 2016. Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends COST. The Motley Fool recommends American Express. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Jordan is a value investor who believes incentives matter. Moats, floats, and compelling valuations.   Follow @jwthn   Send Jordan an email Article Info Apr 20, 2017 at 3:58PM Financials Stocks American Express NYSE:AXP $80.02 up $4.47 (5.92%) Read More American Express' 3 Step Plan to Get Back on Track Here's How American Express Is Trying to Keep Costco Customers from Fleeing How Visa is Ringing Up Higher Profits For Costco Will American Express Company Raise Its Dividend in 2017? American Express Reaps Its Costco Gains and Looks Ahead Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why American Express Company Stock Jumped 6% Today @themotleyfool #stocks $AXP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Credit Suisse Group AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Healthequity Inc (HQY) Shares Sold by Anderson Hoagland & Co. Anderson Hoagland & Co. Purchases Shares of 31,594 Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Shah Capital Management Acquires Shares of 792,000 Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Shah Capital Management Decreases Position in ReneSola Ltd. (SOL) Shah Capital Management Sells 2,000 Shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Beacon Roofing Supply (BECN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Broadcom (BRCM) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.19 BlackRock (BLK) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.26 BGC Partners (BGCP) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.08 Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for HP (HPQ) Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Insider Auguste Goldman Sells 1,000 Shares Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Insider Patricia R. Kellerhals Sells 604 Shares of Stock Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) Position Held by Sabal Trust CO Horizon Bancorp (HBNC) Shares Bought by Sabal Trust CO Sabal Trust CO Sells 20,104 Shares of Sonoco Products Co (SON) NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Stake Maintained by Sabal Trust CO Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cott Co.’s FY2019 Earnings (COT) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.’s FY2019 Earnings (LECO) Ceragon Networks (CRNT) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows GlycoMimetics (GLYC) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Shah Capital Management Sells 2,000 Shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Shah Capital Management cut its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) by 0.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 473,800 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 2,000 shares during the period. Credit Suisse Group AG comprises about 3.7% of Shah Capital Management’s portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. Shah Capital Management’s holdings in Credit Suisse Group AG were worth $7,031,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. united american securities inc. d b a uas asset management bought a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the third quarter worth $131,000. Roundview Capital LLC bought a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the fourth quarter worth $149,000. Edge Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG during the first quarter worth $149,000. Riverhead Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 484.2% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 11,952 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $157,000 after buying an additional 9,906 shares during the last quarter. Finally, United Capital Financial Advisers LLC raised its position in shares of Credit Suisse Group AG by 17.0% in the fourth quarter. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC now owns 11,841 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $169,000 after buying an additional 1,717 shares during the last quarter. 2.25% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) traded up 2.18% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $14.54. 4,580,716 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $14.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $14.61. The company’s market capitalization is $30.39 billion. Credit Suisse Group AG has a 1-year low of $10.01 and a 1-year high of $16.17. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The financial services provider reported ($1.10) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.08 by $1.18. Credit Suisse Group AG had a negative net margin of 27.07% and a negative return on equity of 4.12%. The business had revenue of $5.18 billion for the quarter. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Credit Suisse Group AG will post $1.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Shah Capital Management Sells 2,000 Shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (CS)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/shah-capital-management-sells-2000-shares-of-credit-suisse-group-ag-cs.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, December 26th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a research note on Friday, January 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Barclays PLC raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $16.00. Credit Suisse Group AG Company Profile Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) is a financial services company. The Company’s segments include Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management, Asia Pacific, Global Markets, Investment Banking & Capital Markets, Strategic Resolution Unit and Corporate Center. It offers a range of private banking and wealth management solutions to its clients in its Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management and Asia Pacific divisions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS). Receive News & Ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for HP (HPQ) Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Insider Auguste Goldman Sells 1,000 Shares Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Insider Patricia R. Kellerhals Sells 604 Shares of Stock Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) Position Held by Sabal Trust CO Horizon Bancorp (HBNC) Shares Bought by Sabal Trust CO Sabal Trust CO Sells 20,104 Shares of Sonoco Products Co (SON) NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Stake Maintained by Sabal Trust CO Jefferies Group Weighs in on Cott Co.’s FY2019 Earnings (COT) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.’s FY2019 Earnings (LECO) Ceragon Networks (CRNT) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows GlycoMimetics (GLYC) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Nantkwest (NK) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact Daxor (DXR) Share Price hhgregg (HGG) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Jacobs Engineering Group (JEC) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.44 Headwaters (HW) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact VF Corp (VFC) Share Price Five Below Inc (FIVE) Receives $47.43 Average Target Price from Analysts Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives GBX 549.40 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) Target Price at $64.14 Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for HP (HPQ) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for HP (NYSE: HPQ): 4/19/2017 – HP was upgraded by analysts at Barclays PLC from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating. They now have a $22.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $17.00. 4/18/2017 – HP was upgraded by analysts at Citigroup Inc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating. 4/18/2017 – HP had its price target raised by analysts at Morgan Stanley from $19.00 to $22.00. They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 4/12/2017 – HP was upgraded by analysts at Citigroup Inc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $20.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $17.54. 3/23/2017 – HP had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co. They now have a $21.00 price target on the stock. 3/13/2017 – HP had its price target raised by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from $17.00 to $18.00. They now have a “positive” rating on the stock. 3/6/2017 – HP was upgraded by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating. 2/27/2017 – HP had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Argus. They now have a $22.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $19.00. 2/24/2017 – HP was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “The world’s second largest PC vendor, HP has outperformed the broader market over the last one year. The company recently reported splendid first quarter results driven mainly by strength in Personal System and execution of restructuring actions and productivity initiatives. HP’s efforts to turn around the business have been commendable. The company is working on product innovation and differentiation as well as enhancing the capabilities of the printing business to stabilize the top line. Furthermore, looking at the data compiled by two independent research firms – Gartner and International Data Corporation – we believe that the downtrend in PC shipments have been showing signs of stabilization. Notably, for HP, this was the third consecutive quarter of year-over-year shipment growth following five back-to-back quarters of underperformance. Nonetheless, pricing pressure due to intense competition remains a major concern.” 2/23/2017 – HP had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from $15.00 to $17.00. They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 2/23/2017 – HP had its price target raised by analysts at Mizuho from $14.00 to $15.00. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 2/23/2017 – HP had its price target raised by analysts at BMO Capital Markets to $17.00. 2/23/2017 – HP had its price target raised by analysts at Maxim Group from $15.00 to $16.00. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/23/2017 – HP had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from $16.00 to $16.50. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/23/2017 – HP had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $16.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $15.50. 2/23/2017 – HP had its “sector perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. 2/23/2017 – HP was upgraded by analysts at FBN Securities from a “sector perform” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $19.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $15.00. HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) traded up 0.87% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $18.54. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 5,602,156 shares. HP Inc has a 12-month low of $11.31 and a 12-month high of $18.61. The stock has a market cap of $31.40 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.65 and a beta of 1.52. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $17.55 and its 200 day moving average is $15.84. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The computer maker reported $0.38 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.01. HP had a negative return on equity of 63.67% and a net margin of 5.17%. The firm had revenue of $12.68 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11.82 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.36 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that HP Inc will post $1.61 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 8th were paid a $0.1327 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 6th. This represents a $0.53 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.89%. HP’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 37.32%. In other HP news, CFO Catherine A. Lesjak sold 719,775 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.60, for a total transaction of $12,668,040.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 599,775 shares in the company, valued at $10,556,040. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Tracy S. Keogh sold 113,582 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.43, for a total value of $1,979,734.26. Following the sale, the insider now owns 96,926 shares in the company, valued at $1,689,420.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 963,357 shares of company stock worth $17,005,974. Company insiders own 0.51% of the company’s stock. HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Japan's Sawai Pharmaceutical to Acquire the Generics Business of U.S. Upsher-Smith Laboratories Building a Global Trusted Generics Company News provided by Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc. 20 Apr, 2017, 08:41 ET Share this article TOKYO and MINNEAPOLIS, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sawai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. ("Sawai"), a leading Japanese generic pharmaceuticals manufacturer, and Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc., ("Upsher-Smith"), an established generics manufacturer based in Minnesota, U.S., today announced the signing of an agreement for Sawai to purchase the generic pharmaceuticals business of Upsher-Smith, from its parent, ACOVA, Inc., ("ACOVA"). Upsher-Smith is a privately-held U.S. pharmaceutical company, owned by the Evenstad family through their company, ACOVA. Mark Evenstad is the CEO of Upsher-Smith, and his father, Ken Evenstad is the Chairman. Upsher-Smith has a diversified product portfolio of over 30 pharmaceutical products, mainly oral solid preparations, and a strong pipeline of over 30 products. Sawai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. Under the agreement signed today, Sawai will purchase all the equity interest in the generic pharmaceuticals business of Upsher-Smith from ACOVA, for consideration of $1.05 billion. The transaction will be financed by bank loans and available cash. It is expected to close near the end of June 2017, subject to customary regulatory approvals. Rusty Field, the current President of Upsher-Smith, will continue leading the company. Following the closing, Upsher-Smith's non-generic pharmaceuticals businesses will remain with ACOVA. The acquisition will mark a major expansion of Sawai's presence in the U.S. market. Moving forward, Sawai plans to build a US business that leverages its intellectual property and combines R&D capabilities with Upsher-Smith's manufacturing base, strong distribution network, established commercial relationships and highly respected brand. For Upsher-Smith, the acquisition brings access to Sawai's state-of-the art manufacturing technology and opportunities to bring its medicines to exciting new markets, like Japan. Since its founding in 1919, Upsher-Smith has been committed to delivering high-value, high-quality pharmaceuticals that measurably improve individuals' lives. Upsher-Smith offers a broad array of generic and branded medications, and through its pharmacist heritage, has built excellent, long-standing relationships with pharmacies, wholesalers, retailers and healthcare organizations to distribute its products. "Upsher-Smith has developed and delivered crucial therapies to patients, from infants to the elderly, with a broad array of on-market generic pharmaceuticals. We have also built a pipeline that will enable even more patients to get life-changing therapies over the next several years. After owning and operating Upsher-Smith for the past 47 years, my family and I made the decision to sell the largest part of our company, the generic pharmaceuticals business, to Sawai," said Mark Evenstad, CEO. "It was extremely important for us to find a buyer that shared Upsher-Smith's values, was completely committed to its long-term success and was looking for a strong and fully operational U.S. platform for growth. Sawai is a compelling strategic fit and we are delighted that the generics business is poised to benefit from the extensive resources and management focus that Sawai will bring." With the aging Japanese population, and the increasing focus on bringing down the cost of medicines, in 2015 the Japanese government set a target of raising the share of generic prescriptions to 80% by fiscal 20201. In August 2016, Sawai announced in its Medium-term Business Plan, "M1 Trust 2018", focused on providing a stable supply of generics to meet this government goal and maintaining its undisputed number one position among manufacturers of generic medicines. As part of this medium-term business plan, Sawai spelled out its intent to target the U.S., the world's largest pharmaceutical market, for expansion. "We are delighted to sign this agreement today with ACOVA to acquire Upsher-Smith, which is our first overseas investment. Upsher-Smith, like Sawai, has a long history as a private family-owned generic pharmaceuticals company that is also focused on patient needs, centered on our philosophy of "Patients First". We look forward to working closely with Rusty and the talented management team to forge a new global chapter in Upsher-Smith's future together. Most importantly, we are committed to the entire team at Upsher-Smith, and to expanding the opportunities for the U.S. workforce at Upsher-Smith," said Sawai President Mitsuo Sawai. Rusty Field, President, Upsher-Smith added, "We all want to thank the Evenstad family for their excellent stewardship of the company. I speak for the entire management team when I share how excited we are to be entering a new phase of our growth as a global company. In the dialogue we have had with the Sawai management team over recent months, it is clear that our two companies are an excellent fit in terms of philosophy and vision, with an equal focus on the importance of quality. Together we look forward to achieving recognition as a global contributor to the growth of generics, with a firm grounding in 'Patients First'." No changes to Upsher-Smith's operations are currently anticipated, and under the leadership of Rusty Field, the current management team will continue to lead Upsher-Smith from its current headquarters in Minneapolis. There will be no effect from this transaction on Sawai's consolidated business forecast for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017. Sawai will announce any impact on business results for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2018 when these details are confirmed. Sawai's financial advisors are Torreya Partners LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities Inc., and legal counsel is Debevoise & Plimpton. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and BMO Capital Markets served as financial advisors to Upsher-Smith and Lindquist & Vennum LLP served as legal counsel to Upsher-Smith. About Sawai Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. Sawai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. was founded in 1929 by Hanpei and Noyo Sawai as Sawai Pharmacy in Osaka, Japan. The pharmacy was rare in this era and contributed to the health of the local residents by selling drugs. After experiencing a shortage of medicines during the periods before, during and after the Second World War, in order to respond to social needs, Sawai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., began the mass manufacture of pharmaceuticals. In 1965, the company moved into the manufacture of ethical pharmaceuticals, and subsequently grew into a leading company in the generic pharmaceutical industry. Based on its corporate philosophy "It's always 'Patients First'", since 1997 Sawai has been working on improving the recognition of generic drugs through an aggressive marketing campaign. Sawai focuses on the manufacturing and sales, export and import of generic pharmaceutical products. Sawai has a line-up of around 690 ethical pharmaceuticals, such as cardiovascular drugs, antihyperlipidemic agents, diabetes drugs, anticancer drugs, and OTC drugs. With factories throughout Japan, Sawai is the number one provider of generics to the Japanese market. It listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 2003 and trades under the 4555 code. For further information please visit: http://www.sawai.co.jp/en/ About Upsher-Smith Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc., founded in 1919 by pharmacist, Frederick Alfred Upsher Smith, is a growing, fully integrated pharmaceutical company dedicated to its mission of delivering high-value, high-quality therapies and solutions which measurably improve individuals' lives. As a family-owned pharmaceutical company, Upsher-Smith is able to adapt and thrive in a dynamic healthcare environment. The pharmaceutical world is constantly evolving, and we are continually adapting to the ever-changing needs of patients, physicians, pharmacists, and healthcare organizations. Where there is a need, Upsher-Smith will work to deliver solutions that simplify access to treatment, deliver better health outcomes, and enhance life. For more information, please visit: www.upsher-smith.com. 1 Japan's "Honebuto Policy 2015", confirmed by the Abe Cabinet in June 2015. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/japans-sawai-pharmaceutical-to-acquire-the-generics-business-of-us-upsher-smith-laboratories-300442676.html SOURCE Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc. Related Links http://www.upsher-smith.com 30 Mar, 2017, 09:00 ET Preview: FDA Approves Expanded Indication for Qudexy® XR (topiramate) Extended-Release Capsules to Include Prophylaxis of Migraine Headache in Adults and Adolescents My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 22 Mar, 2017, 09:13 ET FDA Approves Expanded Indication for Qudexy® XR (topiramate)... 22 Mar, 2017, 09:13 ET Upsher-Smith Announces The Launch Of Generic Clomipramine Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Contracts You just read: Japan's Sawai Pharmaceutical to Acquire the Generics Business of U.S. Upsher-Smith Laboratories News provided by Upsher-Smith Laboratories, Inc. 20 Apr, 2017, 08:41 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Insider Mark B. Dunkerley Sells 3,000 Shares Ultra Clean Holdings Inc (UCTT) SVP David Speirs Sells 9,958 Shares Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Insider Yoram Palti Sells 16,000 Shares of Stock Eli Lilly and Co Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of $4.49 Per Share (LLY) Brokers Set Expectations for Dicks Sporting Goods Inc’s FY2018 Earnings (DKS) SpartanNash Co (SPTN) Insider Theodore Adornato Sells 4,237 Shares Bellicum Pharmaceuticals (BLCM) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows magicJack VocalTec (CALL) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Cidara Therapeutics (CDTX) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.19 German American Bancorp., Inc. (GABC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Analysts Set Box Inc (BOX) PT at $18.47 Bollard Group LLC Increases Position in Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (MMLP) CubeSmart (CUBE) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.36 Per Share Bollard Group LLC Increases Stake in Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Sells 11,628 Shares of Blackhawk Network Holdings Inc (HAWK) Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Cuts Position in Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (AMRI) Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Acquires 60,908 Shares of Five Below Inc (FIVE) HealthSouth Corp (HLS) Stake Lowered by Rice Hall James & Associates LLC KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Major Shareholder David L. Hatcher Sells 9,000 Shares Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Insider David Robert Taylor Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Insider Yoram Palti Sells 16,000 Shares of Stock April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) insider Yoram Palti sold 16,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.64, for a total transaction of $170,240.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 143,825 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,530,298. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Yoram Palti also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, April 17th, Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.77, for a total transaction of $43,080.00. On Thursday, April 13th, Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.43, for a total transaction of $41,720.00. On Wednesday, April 12th, Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.72, for a total transaction of $42,880.00. Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) traded up 3.60% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $11.50. 421,448 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s market capitalization is $1.00 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $8.58 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.91. Novocure Ltd has a 52 week low of $5.95 and a 52 week high of $14.93. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.26) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.39) by $0.13. Novocure had a negative return on equity of 69.89% and a negative net margin of 219.29%. The firm had revenue of $30.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $26.95 million. On average, equities research analysts expect that Novocure Ltd will post ($0.91) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Insider Yoram Palti Sells 16,000 Shares of Stock” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/novocure-ltd-nvcr-insider-yoram-palti-sells-16000-shares-of-stock.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Tamarack Advisers LP bought a new stake in shares of Novocure during the third quarter valued at $6,557,000. Courage Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Novocure during the third quarter valued at $4,270,000. Highline Capital Management L.P. raised its stake in shares of Novocure by 3.5% in the third quarter. Highline Capital Management L.P. now owns 1,818,079 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $15,526,000 after buying an additional 62,200 shares in the last quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Novocure during the third quarter valued at $7,988,000. Finally, Flinton Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Novocure during the fourth quarter valued at $111,000. 21.98% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on NVCR. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Novocure from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $8.25 price target for the company in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Aegis reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JMP Securities reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research note on Sunday, February 26th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co downgraded shares of Novocure from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. Novocure presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $17.00. About Novocure NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Varex Imaging Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Varex Imaging Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) SVP Mark S. Jonaitis Sells 18,089 Shares Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Director Renaud Adams Sells 50,000 Shares KeyCorp Comments on Cimarex Energy Co’s Q2 2018 Earnings (XEC) Courier Capital LLC Decreases Stake in CBS Co. (CBS) Amyris Inc (AMRS) Major Shareholder (Mauritius) Pte Ltd Maxwell Sells 1,636,930 Shares of Stock Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Stake Maintained by Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $277,000 Stake in Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $620,000 Stake in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Shares Bought by Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Cerner Co. (CERN) Stake Reduced by Professional Advisory Services Inc. C R Bard (BCR) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Armstrong World Industries (AWI) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 Dynavax Technologies Co. (DVAX) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $750,000.00 Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $993.76 Million KeyCorp Weighs in on Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (WMT) Cypress Capital Management LLC WY Reduces Position in salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Shares Bought by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Whitnell & Co. Has $637,000 Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Boosts Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Shares Sold by Whitnell & Co. Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) SVP Mark S. Jonaitis Sells 18,089 Shares April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Varex Imaging Corp (NASDAQ:VREX) SVP Mark S. Jonaitis sold 18,089 shares of Varex Imaging Corp stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $33.54, for a total transaction of $606,705.06. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Varex Imaging Corp (NASDAQ:VREX) traded up 2.08% on Thursday, reaching $36.28. 154,009 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $32.53 and a 200 day moving average of $31.63. Varex Imaging Corp has a 52-week low of $25.00 and a 52-week high of $36.58. The company has a market capitalization of $1.36 billion and a PE ratio of 20.71. WARNING: “Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) SVP Mark S. Jonaitis Sells 18,089 Shares” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/varex-imaging-corp-vrex-svp-mark-s-jonaitis-sells-18089-shares.html. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $29.00 target price on shares of Varex Imaging Corp in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Varex Imaging Corp Company Profile Varex Imaging Corporation is a supplier of medical X-ray tubes and image processing solutions. The Company’s segments include Medical and Industrial. The X-ray imaging system manufacturers use the Company’s components for medical imaging, cargo screening and border security, to detect, diagnose and protect. Receive News & Ratings for Varex Imaging Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Varex Imaging Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Perkins Capital Management Inc. Maintains Position in Vericel Corp (VCEL) Anthem Inc (ANTM) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC HP Inc (HPQ) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $16.869 Million Position in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Position Maintained by Perkins Capital Management Inc. Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS) Position Lowered by Perkins Capital Management Inc. NewSquare Capital LLC Acquires 2,636 Shares of Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) USA Technologies, Inc. (USAT) Position Reduced by Perkins Capital Management Inc. Barometer Capital Management Inc. Buys Shares of 8,000 Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Perkins Capital Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 2,640 Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Barometer Capital Management Inc. Acquires New Stake in Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Upgraded to Buy by Stifel Nicolaus Total SA (TOT) Given “Neutral” Rating at Simmons Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Given “Hold” Rating at Stephens Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Receives “Market Perform” Rating from Cowen and Company UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Receives Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Netflix’s (NFLX) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Loop Capital $264.51 Million in Sales Expected for Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) This Quarter Vale SA’s (VALE) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada HP Inc (HPQ) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nisa Investment Advisors LLC lowered its stake in shares of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 975,842 shares of the computer maker’s stock after selling 3,330 shares during the period. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in HP were worth $17,448,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. APG Asset Management N.V. raised its stake in HP by 26.3% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 7,092,434 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $110,146,000 after buying an additional 1,478,333 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in HP by 28.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 11,681,887 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $181,420,000 after buying an additional 2,614,757 shares in the last quarter. Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in HP during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,073,164,000. Becker Capital Management Inc. raised its stake in HP by 1.7% in the third quarter. Becker Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,705,212 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $26,482,000 after buying an additional 28,240 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Cantab Capital Partners LLP raised its stake in HP by 24.1% in the fourth quarter. Cantab Capital Partners LLP now owns 124,681 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $1,850,000 after buying an additional 24,218 shares in the last quarter. 78.94% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) traded up 0.898% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $18.545. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,966,581 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $17.55 and its 200 day moving average price is $15.84. The firm has a market cap of $31.40 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.650 and a beta of 1.52. HP Inc has a one year low of $11.31 and a one year high of $18.61. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The computer maker reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.37 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $12.68 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $11.82 billion. HP had a negative return on equity of 63.67% and a net margin of 5.17%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.36 earnings per share. Analysts predict that HP Inc will post $1.61 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 8th were given a $0.1327 dividend. This represents a $0.53 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.89%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 6th. HP’s payout ratio is 37.32%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “HP Inc (HPQ) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/hp-inc-hpq-stake-lowered-by-nisa-investment-advisors-llc.html. Several analysts have issued reports on HPQ shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $16.00 price target (up previously from $15.50) on shares of HP in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on HP from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. BMO Capital Markets boosted their price target on HP to $17.00 in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Wells Fargo & Co raised HP from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC cut their price target on HP from $16.75 to $16.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $18.13. In other HP news, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total value of $181,400.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 61,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,120,054.30. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Tracy S. Keogh sold 113,582 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.43, for a total value of $1,979,734.26. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 96,926 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,689,420.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 963,357 shares of company stock worth $17,005,974. 0.51% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. HP Company Profile HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HPQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ). Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News featured Friday After 5 celebrating 50th anniversary of 'Summer of Love' +3 By Keith Lawrence Messenger-Inquirer Apr 20, 2017 0 OMU seeking approval for home internet project Utility hopes to expand home internet delivery city-wide starting next year. Downtown looks 'amazing,' master plan creator says Guthrie talks health care legislation with economic development officials A journey of faith, hope Library experiencing more bad conduct on its premises Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts National Sports AP Eli Manning insists he did nothing wrong in memorabilia suit By TOM CANAVAN AP Sports Writer 59 min ago 0 Bulls early surprise of playoffs after taking 2 at Boston  Spurs, Cavaliers look to take big step toward series sweeps  Vargas outduels Bumgarner Ballard's workdays getting even busier as draft looms Spokeswoman: Serena Williams is pregnant Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Venue AP LA's violent uprising of 1992 returns to TV 25 years later +3 By SANDY COHEN AP Entertainment Writer 59 min ago 0 Vinyl music gives record stores a boost in a digital world Prince's 1980s band hits the road for memorial tour 'Gifted': Tale of 6-year-old math prodigy is formulaic but charming Review: An uneasy mishmash, 'Unforgettable' is forgettable The life of an Apple supplier is getting even tougher Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Winning the Race By Devinn Winkleman McLean News contributor Apr 20, 2017 0 First Walk by Faith 5K held at Myer Creek Sacramento NEws Nancy C. Millay Winning the Race Poplar Grove Close The Washington Post Mais Balkhi, right, advocacy and outreach manager for Syria Relief & Development, and Amena Waseem at work in their office in the District of Columbia. web only Scrutiny over terrorism funding hampers charitable work in ravaged countries By Rob Kuznia The Washington Post 12 hrs ago 0 The Washington Post Mais Balkhi, right, advocacy and outreach manager for Syria Relief & Development, and Amena Waseem at work in their office in the District of Columbia. As the Syrian military began laying waste to the city of Aleppo in an offensive to vanquish rebel forces last year, a doctor was at his wit's end. Anas Moughrabieh was trying to save civilian lives, treating patients remotely via teleconference from his office in Detroit. As people were rushed into the Syrian hospital with grave head injuries, doctors there had run out of hypertonic saline, which relieves pressure in the brain. That and other simple supply shortages led many to die, including children. He looked on helplessly from 6,000 miles away. Although the hospital was run by the Syrian American Medical Society - a District of Columbia-based charity that relies on donations - lack of funding wasn't the issue. And in this case, the brutality of the Syrian regime wasn't responsible for the supply shortage. The problem was a U.S. bank. During the bloody siege, the medical society had tried to wire $80,000 to a vendor in Turkey so its hospitals could stock up on medical supplies. But the U.S.-based bank, in its diligence to ensure the funds weren't being funneled to overseas terrorists, was holding up the transfer. By the time the money went through six months later, the deadly siege was over. "Patients on life support cannot be patient," Moughrabieh said. "They either live or they die." The wire transfer delays during last summer's bloody campaign in Aleppo reflect a broad pattern: At a time of historic humanitarian need, banks are increasingly hesitant to conduct business with charities that work in disaster zones for fear that they could be caught up in funding international terrorism. Known in charity circles as "derisking," because banks are seeking to avoid rather than manage risk, the issue has been brewing for about three years, largely as an unintended consequence of stepped-up efforts to counter terrorism financing, charity advocates and finance professionals say. "The inability to get humanitarian assistance to refugees from political conflicts or natural disasters can result in death from starvation, exposure, and disease," concluded a 2016 report from the World Bank. "The elderly and the young are particularly hurt by de-risking and are literally dying as a result." Two-thirds of all U.S. charities that work abroad are reporting difficulties accessing financial services because of the banking trend, according to one of two new studies that show for the first time the scope of the impact the banking trend has had on aid providers working in catastrophe zones. "I was surprised," said Kay Guinane, director of the D.C.-based Charity & Security Network, which represents nonprofit groups working in crisis regions and issued one of the new reports. "I don't think any of us had any idea how big a problem this really is until we got this data." The other report, released last month by Duke Law's International Human Rights Clinic and the Netherlands-based Women Peacemakers Program, found that institutional donors such as Western governments and large foundations - as well as banks - are increasingly neglecting human-rights organizations that focus their work on women's issues and operate in areas such as Syria and Iraq. One such grass-roots group provides secular education to children in Syria to counteract Islamic State schools. "Women's rights and their defenders are really often caught in the crosshairs of these very risk-averse banks and overzealous regulatory authorities," said Jayne Huckerby, a Duke University law professor and an author of the study. The world is facing its worst humanitarian crisis since World War II, with the United Nations estimating that 65 million people have been displaced by climate change and war and that 20 million are in danger of starvation. Drought and famine are plaguing Somalia, Nigeria and South Sudan. A Saudi-led blockade of goods is starving innocents in Yemen. The Syrian government has been blocking aid deliveries to its own people and this month allegedly killed at least 80 civilians in a chemical attack. The derisking trend also has prompted recent closures of orphanages in Lebanon and Sudan, has cut off relief for persecuted minorities in Myanmar (Burma) and has terminated school programs for students in Afghanistan, according to the Charity & Security Network report. --- Funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, the Charity & Security Network report asserts that it is the first comprehensive empirical study on the impact that bank derisking has had on nonprofit organizations. The 305 charities surveyed said they experienced delays in wire transfers, requests for unusual additional documentation, increased fees and account closures. The issue stems from well-intended efforts to tighten controls on terrorism financing in the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Since then, the U.S. Treasury Department has labeled nine U.S. charities as supporters of terrorism and has designated 54 worldwide. No U.S. charity has been put on a terrorist list since 2009, but the report contends that at least 5,875 of the roughly 8,665 U.S. charities that work overseas have been adversely affected by banking behavior aimed at disrupting terrorism. One D.C.-based charity, which works to promote gender equality in sub-Saharan Africa, Latin America, Lebanon and elsewhere, was hit when Citibank froze its accounts on March 10. "Our checks have started to bounce," said an executive, who asked that the charity not be publicly identified out of fear of retribution that could further stall its efforts. "We are working for the betterment of people's lives in the world. We're not doing arms trade, or something horrible like that. I am almost beside myself with frustration." Sue Eckert, lead author of the Charity & Security Network study and an expert on the intersection of economics and national security, said the fundamental nature of terrorist financing is changing in part because of the bank-led crackdown on traditional cash streams. "It's by and large not coming through the formal channels now," she said, noting that Islamic State funds now often "derive from their physical control of territory - from oil, sale of antiquities, and taxation and extortion, including kidnapping for ransom." Bank associates acknowledge the problem. Rob Rowe, a vice president at the American Bankers Association, said the chaos wrought by civil war in Somalia, for example, has left bankers feeling blind. "Unfortunately, banks just can't send funds," he said. "They look at it and say, 'We can't make the distinction between a charity that's trying to get money to a starving family versus one that is ready to go out and buy a stockpile of Uzis to fire on civilians. We don't have enough information, we can't make that call, and if we make the wrong guess, we're the ones that are in trouble." The financial sector has been spooked by a spate of high-profile fines. HSBC - Britain's biggest bank - was fined nearly $2 billion in 2012 after a U.S. Justice Department probe found its controls for money-laundering inadequate. Paris-based BNP Paribas bank was fined nearly $9 billion in 2014 for violating sanctions against Sudan, Cuba and Iran. BNP, as one example, was accused among other things of stripping information from wire transfers so they could pass through the U.S. system without raising red flags. --- On occasion, even established charities have had their accounts closed. It happened to the Syrian American Medical Society in early 2015, more than a year before its wire-transfer debacle during the Aleppo siege in summer 2016. In February 2015, Chase Bank closed the society's account with little explanation. JPMorgan Chase's media relations department declined to comment, "During that period of freezing, we weren't able to wire money; we weren't able to pay our staff in the U.S.," said Randa Loutfi, a pediatrician and the organization's director of programs. Society officials scrambled to find a new bank. Large financial institutions politely declined, Loutfi said. She believes the word "Syria" in the title of her organization immediately made banks wary. "We show them the license that we work under from the government," she said. "Still, many banks were scared. They start the process and then, 'Sorry, we cannot continue.' " It took months for the organization - which treated roughly 1.4 million Syrians in 2014 alone - to get its finances back in order. The charity wound up splitting its money among three smaller banks from the Midwest. Another U.S.-based group, Syria Relief & Development, which runs about 30 hospitals in Syria and has a shelter program for Syrian refugees in Jordan, has had its accounts closed by five different banks since 2015. Mais Balkhi, the Kansas-based organization's advocacy and outreach manager, said dealing with banks has been one of the group's biggest challenges. "We're having more attacks, people are dying, but we are sometimes unable to help because banks are closing accounts and delaying transactions," Balkhi said. --- Much of the focus on charities as potential fronts for terrorism centers on a simple phrase: "Particularly vulnerable." Helping to create the mistrust of charities after Sept. 11 was a highly influential but little-known intergovernmental organization called the Financial Action Task Force, an advisory panel that formed in 1989 to combat money laundering. Immediately after the attacks, the purview of the global task force expanded to terrorist-financing concerns and it deemed nonprofit organizations "particularly vulnerable" to terrorist abuse. In June 2016, recognizing the harm to charities caused by that designation, the Financial Action Task Force removed it. But the manual used by state and federal bank examiners in the United States who investigate banks for ethical and legal lapses still reflects the old standard, charity advocates say. Bank derisking isn't always the most pressing problem plaguing aid givers in crisis-ravaged countries, where they are putting their lives on the line to help. In 2016, 14 doctors working with the Syrian American Medical Society were killed in combat zones, mostly when bombs fell on hospitals. But the banking woes compound the problems. "It's silly to add the money issue to all the other challenges," Loutfi said. "We already have enough challenges." × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 68° Overcast Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News LA's violent uprising of 1992 returns to TV 25 years later Vinyl music gives record stores a boost in a digital world Prince's 1980s band hits the road for memorial tour 'Gifted': Tale of 6-year-old math prodigy is formulaic but charming Review: An uneasy mishmash, 'Unforgettable' is forgettable Eli Manning insists he did nothing wrong in memorabilia suit Calhoun Elementary students recognized First Walk by Faith 5K held at Myer Creek Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Divorces Police Reports: Sunday, April 16, 2017 Mavericks cease their operations Police Reports: Saturday, April 15, 2017 Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Readers Write: April 2, 2017 (2) Library board puts brakes on expansion (1) Hartford family deals with son's recent leukemia diagnosis (1) McConnell sings Ford's praises (1) Answering the question, why do teachers teach? (1) Beech Grove News (1) Walking to the Wall: Sacramento resident hiking 700 miles to view memorial (1) Ohio County considering moving Monroe home (1) Knight's life would make a great movie (1) City leaders bearing down on budget process (1) Cars Chevy SWB '94 157k mi, 350, new wheels/tires, tool box $4,795 Mileage: 157,000 Updated 2 hrs ago Ford Mustang '04 40th Anniversary 6 cyl, auto, 122k mi $2,795 Mileage: 122,000 Updated 2 hrs ago TRITON 21XS ELITE 2010 250 HP Updated 2 hrs ago Stocks Homes 3317 CHICKASAW DRIVE 4 bdrm.,1.5 bath, corner lot, w/new roof. $119,000 Bathrooms: 1.5 Updated 2 hrs ago Fiddlesticks-433 Stableford Circle 3 br 2 ba, Kitchen appls. $269,900. $269,900 Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2 Updated 2 hrs ago WEST - Duplex For Sale - 2 bdrm. each w/washer Updated 2 hrs ago Special Sections 4-15-17 REIO Apr 15, 2017 0 Real Estate Inside Out for the weekend of April 15-16, 2017. 2Q/2017 Mar 24, 2017 0 Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation All About Pets 2017 Feb 26, 2017 0 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. 2016 Reader's Choice Awards Jun 24, 2016 0 The 2016 Reader's Choice Awards and quarterly Owensboro Magazine. Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Two high-speed trading firms merge in $1.4 billion deal CNBC @CNBC53 minutes ago CNBC @CNBC53 minutes ago                                                                               Virtu Financial on Thursday said it agreed to acquire and KCG Holdings in an all-cash deal valued about $1.4 billion. Virtu Financial said it would buy rival KCG Holdings in a $1.4 billion deal that brings together two major players in the U.S. electronic trading space. The deal comes at a difficult time for high-frequency trading as low volatility squeezes the profits it can make from rapid-fire trades. Virtu's offer of $20 per share represents a 12.7 percent premium to KCG's Wednesday close. Shares of KCG hit a record high of $19.73 in early trading on Thursday, while shares of Virtu were up about 8 percent. "KCG fits perfectly with Virtu's strategic priorities to apply our market making and technological expertise to customer wholesale order flow and expand Virtu's growing agency execution business," Virtu Chief Executive Douglas Cifu said in a statement. KCG was formed in December 2012 from the merger of New Jersey-based Knight Capital Group — a pioneer of electronic market making — and Chicago-based Getco. Virtu makes markets in 36 countries and 12,000 financial instruments, continuously quoting buy and sell prices for others to trade against, profiting off the bid-offer spread, using high-frequency trading (HFT) strategies. HFTs use sophisticated technology and algorithms to trade stocks and other assets at near-light speed and are responsible for around half of the volume in U.S. equities and Treasuries, and nearly that in spot foreign exchange. Virtu said it expects to migrate trading of the combined company onto a single platform. The deal will be financed through stock sale worth $750 million to private equity firm North Island and Temasek and borrowings of $1.65 billion from JPMorgan Securities. The combined company will be led by Cifu. Robert Greifeld and Glenn Hutchins, principals at North Island, will join the board after the deal. KCG also reported an 88 percent fall in first-quarter profit, hurt by low market volatility. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter after approval from KCG shareholders and regulators. JPMorgan Securities was the lead financial adviser to Virtu, while KCG was advised by Goldman Sachs. Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Barclays said to be gearing up in equities Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC26 minutes ago Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC26 minutes ago                                                                               Barclays plans to recruit more than 20 staff this year to bolster its European equities trading business as Chief Executive Officer Jes Staley continues to back the investment bank while rivals retreat, according to two people familiar with the strategy. Bloomberg News reports that the bank is searching for experienced traders and salespeople, as well as quantitative and product management specialists, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the plans are private. Barclays currently employs about 450 people in equities in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, according to a person with knowledge of the industry, and the business is run by Rich Evans. Staley recruited JPMorgan’s global head of equities, Tim Throsby, to overhaul the corporate and investment bank, which had steadily lost revenue and market position to revitalized U.S. rivals. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: Barclays Said to Plan More Than 20 Hires at Europe Equities Unit Buffett Is Voting All Shares in Favor of Wells Fargo's Board Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Financial Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sabra Health Care REIT Inc (SBRA) Shares Bought by Smith Graham & Co. Investment Advisors LP Benin Management CORP Has $7.452 Million Position in Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Capital Impact Advisors LLC Takes Position in New Relic Inc (NEWR) Triumph Group Inc (TGI) Stake Raised by Smith Graham & Co. Investment Advisors LP Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Position Increased by Patten & Patten Inc. TN Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Report Finds LogMeIn (LOGM) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Summit State Bank (SSBI) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $455.43 Million CMS Energy Co. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.33 (CMS) Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd (WTM) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Royal Vopak (VOPKY) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Cytosorbents Corp (CTSO) Receives “Buy” Rating from Maxim Group Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Wendys Co (WEN) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. (BKEP) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Armstrong Henry H Associates Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Benin Management CORP Has $7.452 Million Position in Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Benin Management CORP lowered its position in shares of Prudential Financial Inc (NYSE:PRU) by 33.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 69,855 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 35,750 shares during the period. Prudential Financial comprises about 3.4% of Benin Management CORP’s portfolio, making the stock its 7th largest position. Benin Management CORP’s holdings in Prudential Financial were worth $7,452,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Prudential Financial during the fourth quarter worth about $1,835,418,000. Capital Research Global Investors acquired a new stake in Prudential Financial during the third quarter worth about $425,473,000. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Prudential Financial by 10.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 20,235,854 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,105,741,000 after buying an additional 1,966,517 shares during the period. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new stake in Prudential Financial during the third quarter worth about $101,648,000. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in Prudential Financial by 1,058.2% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 847,384 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $88,165,000 after buying an additional 774,223 shares during the period. 60.91% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Prudential Financial Inc (NYSE:PRU) traded up 1.435% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $105.665. 1,009,290 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Prudential Financial Inc has a 52-week low of $66.51 and a 52-week high of $114.55. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $107.74 and a 200-day moving average of $101.63. The stock has a market cap of $45.44 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.883 and a beta of 1.69. Prudential Financial (NYSE:PRU) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The financial services provider reported $2.46 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.32 by $0.14. The business earned $13.42 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $12.09 billion. Prudential Financial had a return on equity of 7.96% and a net margin of 7.63%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.94 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that Prudential Financial Inc will post $10.48 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/benin-management-corp-has-7-452-million-position-in-prudential-financial-inc-pru.html. PRU has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $129.00 target price on shares of Prudential Financial in a research note on Sunday, February 19th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $117.00 price objective (up from $114.00) on shares of Prudential Financial in a research note on Wednesday. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Prudential Financial from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on shares of Prudential Financial from $108.00 to $113.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Atlantic Securities cut shares of Prudential Financial from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $106.45. In related news, insider Barbara Koster sold 33,743 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $112.87, for a total value of $3,808,572.41. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 45,245 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,106,803.15. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Michael Todman purchased 450 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was bought at an average cost of $111.11 per share, with a total value of $49,999.50. Following the purchase, the director now owns 450 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $49,999.50. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 1.20% of the stock is owned by insiders. Prudential Financial Company Profile Prudential Financial, Inc, is a financial services company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services, which includes life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. The Company’s operations consists of four divisions, which together encompass seven segments. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PRU? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Prudential Financial Inc (NYSE:PRU). Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Financial Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow P&I on | P&I Daily Latest P&I Daily P&I Daily Archive Subscribe to P&I Daily | Print Edition Current Print Issue Print Archive Subscribe to P&I Home News & Opinion By Topic Alternatives Consultants Defined Benefit Defined Contribution Investing/Portfolio Strategies Hedge Funds Money Management Real Estate Private Equity More Topics → By Department Latest News Opinion People Moves Special Reports By Multimedia Charts Polls Slideshows Video Webinars Searches & Hires Research Center Special Reports Video Careers Conferences & Webinars White Papers Virtu Financial agrees to buy KCG Holdings Rick Baert | April 20, 2017 12:59 pm | Updated 1:04 pm CHART CENTRAL View Full Chart 2017, so far so good for hedge funds View More Charts LATEST POLL View Older Polls LATEST SLIDESHOW Largest corporate DB plans The largest corporate pension plans ranked by funding ratio as of Dec. 31, 2016, unless otherwise... View Older Slideshows LATEST VIDEO WorldPensionSummit: Managing geo-political risks View More Videos at P&I's Video Library Latest Popular Upcoming Events Webinars About About Pensions & Investments About P&I Research Center About Crain Communications Inc. Advertise / Media Kit Contact Us Editorial Calendar Reprints & Permissions Customer Service My Account Settings Register for Free Subscribe FAQ Help / User Feedback Follow P&I E-Mail Newsletters Mobile Facebook LinkedIn Twitter RSS Feeds Affiliates Business Insurance InvestmentNews Crain's New York Business Crain's Chicago Business All Crain Brands Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Happy returnsAmerica’s big banks have an encouraging first quarter Uncertainty over the future of regulation still clouds the outlook print-edition icon Print edition | Finance and economicsApr 20th 2017 twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon WHAT a difference a year makes. When America’s big banks reported first-quarter earnings for 2016, the mood was glum. The Federal Reserve was proving tardier than hoped in raising interest rates, which held down lending margins. Jitters about the world economy meant rotten results for investment-banking units, in what is usually their best season of the year. Regulators added to the misery: last April the Fed rejected the “living wills”—plans for liquidating lenders that get into trouble—of five of the six largest banks. This spring bankers are happier. Business perked up last year after that dismal start. Donald Trump’s election in November, accompanied by promises to ginger up the American economy, cut corporate taxes and roll back regulation of finance, gave banks’ shares a lift (see chart). The Fed raised rates in December and again in March and is likely to keep increasing them. And 2017’s first-quarter results have, mostly, seen an improvement—though the cheer was not evenly shared. Latest updates Bill O’Reilly’s political legacy Democracy in America12 hours ago Competitiveness at school may not yield the best exam results Graphic detail12 hours ago The meaning of Kendrick Lamar Prospero16 hours ago Emirates cuts services to America as Donald Trump’s actions bite Gulliver16 hours ago “Guerrilla” remembers the hostile race relations of 1970s Britain Prospero20 hours ago Retail sales, producer prices, wages and exchange rates 21 hours ago See all updates “Wall Street activities have performed better than Main Street ones,” says Mike Mayo, an independent bank analyst. Revenues from capital-market businesses at the five biggest Wall Street firms, Mr Mayo calculates, rose by an average of one-fifth in the first quarter of the year, compared with a year earlier. Underwriting and fixed-income trading were buoyant; equity trading and advice were flattish. Morgan Stanley, the last big bank to report, was arguably the star turn. On April 19th it said its fixed-income revenues had almost doubled, to $1.7bn, apparently vindicating a thorough overhaul of the division early last year. The firm’s net income rose by 70%, to $1.9bn. The previous day Goldman Sachs had disappointed analysts, although its net income was twice as high as a year before. Its fixed-income, currency and commodities revenues were flat, also at $1.7bn. It also lagged behind the field in equities. Volatility in the foreign-exchange, crude-oil and equity markets was subdued: hedge funds (on which Goldman’s trading business is more reliant than its rivals) were consequently less active. Even so, admitted Goldman’s Martin Chavez, “we didn’t navigate the market well”. Business on Main Street was more sluggish. Bank loans grew in the first quarter by just 0.7% at an annualised rate, according to the Fed, the slowest for almost six years. Commercial and industrial lending shrank for the first time since late 2010. Residential-mortgage lending also declined. But widening interest margins helped some banks, as loan rates went up faster than funding costs: Bank of America’s spread rose by 18 basis points from the previous quarter and JPMorgan Chase’s by ten. In such a quarter Wells Fargo, the least dependent of the big six on investment banking, was perhaps the least likely to shine. Its net income, at $5.5bn, was virtually unchanged from a year before and a shade up from the fourth quarter. A quarterly increase in commercial lending was outweighed by a decline in consumer loans, mainly mortgages. But Wells has other worries. It is still recovering from last September’s revelation that it had opened more than 2m ghost accounts. It hopes that a scathing report this month by outside consultants, the dismissal of several executives and the clawing back from them of $180m in pay and shares will help it to recover customers’ trust. It has some way to go: the number of current (checking) accounts opened in March was up by 7% from February, but 35% lower than a year before. Institutional Shareholder Services, a firm which advises investors, has recommended voting to replace most of Wells’s board at the annual meeting on April 25th. Wells’s woes notwithstanding, banks ought to be able to look ahead in good heart. Rates are likely to rise further, America’s economy is in good shape and Wall Street firms stand to gain as Europe picks up too. But a cheerful year is by no means assured. Mr Trump’s tax-cutting plans are not yet formed and the future of bank regulation is still unclear. Hence the stalling, in recent weeks, of the rally in banks’ shares. Bankers have argued that it is high time red tape was cut: lending, they say, is being held back. Mr Trump is due to appoint several regulators who may lift their burden. But his chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, formerly at Goldman Sachs, has mused vaguely about a “21st-century version” of the Glass-Steagall act, the Depression-era law that separated commercial and investment banking, repealed only in 1999. With no details, bank bosses were coy in earnings calls with analysts, but “Glass” and “Steagall” are not soothing words. This article appeared in the Finance and economics section of the print edition under the headline "Happy returns" twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon Be the first to comment Reuse this content Editors’ picks North KoreaHow to deal with the world’s most dangerous regime Donald Trump grapples with his trickiest task Leaders Game changeWhy Britain’s election offers the chance of a better BrexitLeaders Post-truthinessBill O’Reilly’s political legacy Democracy in America Daily chartCompetitiveness at school may not yield the best exam resultsGraphic detail You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us You are seeing the beta version of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Health Care April 20, 2017 12:32 p.m. Updated 04/20/2017 Startup striving to be OpenTable for physical therapy lands major partnership Founded last year, BetterPT has raised $2.6 million in funding for its app Jonathan LaMantia Comments Email Print × To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Sign Up for Health Pulse Brought to you by Crain's New York Business, Health Pulse is a subscription-only website focused on the business of health care. The site is updated every day with breaking news, research and unique information. Subscribe today and receive access to the site and the daily emails. Plus, twice a week we release a special report called Extra, featuring data and statistics. Subscribe Today LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Trump and Kushner must stop the... No place to live Opposition to Crown Heights armory plan is... Apple plans to remove its Fifth Avenue... To counter Trump's travel ban, make hostels... Most Popular For-profit meditation centers are the new... Is this the store of the future? Second Avenue subway rent boost proves... Tax break for builders might be irrelevant The real purpose of Cuomo's free-college-... Related News Latest losses for defunct insurer Health Republic Bronx health care firms ban sugary drinks, calls for others to follow City doesn't spend on diabetes prevention Private-equity firm Warburg Pincus to acquire CityMD Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧World News Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / World News Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - Page 7　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration AP, CARACAS Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro might be struggling to feed Venezuelans, but his administration still managed to make a US$500,000 donation to US President Donald Trump’s inauguration, records released on Wednesday showed. Inaugural committee records filed with the US Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a US affiliate of Venezuelan state oil company Petroleos de Venezuela, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some US corporate giants, including Pepsi (US$250,000), Walmart (US$150,000) and Verizon (US$100,000), and was on par with the likes of JPMorgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated US$500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s US$1 million contribution. Even while accusing the US of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new US president. However, the Trump administration has recently stepped up its criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the US Department of State issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. “Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community,” the statement read. This story has been viewed 1315 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-04-14 to 2017-04-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Control, Exam yuans must go 2 Stars turn to Southeast Asia under China’s “Korean restriction order” 中國「限韓令」發威 韓星轉戰東南亞 3 Events and entertainment listings 4 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 5 Diversion and ultimatum for Xi MORE  1 N Korea issue cannot be outsourced 2 Cabinet approves bill to attract skilled foreigners 3 Maori king ‘useless’ comment probed 4 Man receives electronic eyes in successful surgery 5 EDITORIAL: Kim Jong-un’s big day MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Newell Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital Investment Advisors LLC Has $216,000 Stake in Plains GP Holdings LP (PAGP) W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Downgraded by Credit Suisse Group AG to Underperform First Financial Corp IN Has $161,000 Stake in Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Zacks: Analysts Expect Vectren Corp (VVC) to Post $0.66 EPS Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $24.374 Million Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Capital Investment Advisors LLC Has $260,000 Stake in China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) -$0.17 EPS Expected for WPX Energy Inc (WPX) This Quarter Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Stake Lowered by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $21.027 Million Stake in Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Capital Investment Advisors LLC Takes Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Capital Investment Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc (BCLI) Short Interest Update Bob Mackenzie Acquires 56 Shares of AA PLC (AA) Stock Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) Director Sells $21,168.00 in Stock Nucor Co. (NUE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results GATX Co. (GATX) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.29 EPS Syntel, Inc. (SYNT) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Brokers Set Expectations for Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (SPB) Carpenter Technology Co. Forecasted to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.32 Per Share (CRS) Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $21.027 Million Stake in Newell Brands Inc (NWL) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Gateway Investment Advisers LLC cut its stake in Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL) by 8.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 445,780 shares of the company’s stock after selling 38,981 shares during the period. Gateway Investment Advisers LLC owned 0.09% of Newell Brands worth $21,027,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Parallel Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Newell Brands during the fourth quarter valued at $105,000. Zions Bancorporation raised its stake in shares of Newell Brands by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 4,426 shares of the company’s stock valued at $198,000 after buying an additional 68 shares in the last quarter. CSS LLC IL bought a new stake in shares of Newell Brands during the third quarter valued at $210,000. Menta Capital LLC bought a new stake in shares of Newell Brands during the fourth quarter valued at $229,000. Finally, First Allied Advisory Services Inc. raised its stake in shares of Newell Brands by 42.9% in the fourth quarter. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. now owns 5,549 shares of the company’s stock valued at $248,000 after buying an additional 1,667 shares in the last quarter. 93.22% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL) traded up 0.680% on Thursday, reaching $46.625. The company had a trading volume of 1,162,701 shares. The firm has a market cap of $22.49 billion, a P/E ratio of 37.360 and a beta of 0.94. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $47.66 and a 200-day moving average price of $47.78. Newell Brands Inc has a one year low of $43.20 and a one year high of $55.45. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $0.80 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.80. The company earned $4.14 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.27 billion. Newell Brands had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 3.98%. Newell Brands’s revenue for the quarter was up 165.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.56 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that Newell Brands Inc will post $3.05 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/gateway-investment-advisers-llc-has-21-027-million-stake-in-newell-brands-inc-nwl.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $61.00 target price on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Barclays PLC set a $60.00 target price on Newell Brands and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 18th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Newell Brands from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Newell Brands in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $63.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a $50.00 target price (down from $52.00) on shares of Newell Brands in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $58.00. In other news, Director Raymond G. Viault acquired 1,630 shares of Newell Brands stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $45.96 per share, with a total value of $74,914.80. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 85,206 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,916,067.76. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, President Mark Tarchetti acquired 13,000 shares of Newell Brands stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $45.22 per share, with a total value of $587,860.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the president now directly owns 201,995 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,134,213.90. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have sold 350,706 shares of company stock valued at $16,944,135 over the last ninety days. 0.66% of the stock is owned by insiders. Newell Brands Company Profile Newell Brands Inc is a marketer of consumer and commercial products. The Company’s segments include Writing, Home Solutions, Commercial Products, Baby & Parenting, Branded Consumables, Consumer Solutions, Outdoor Solutions and Process Solutions. Its products are marketed under a portfolio of brands, including Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, Expo, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Mr. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NWL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL). Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
